 I have had hours of fun playing this game with my sister that stays in a nursing home . She enjoyed it with or without me . Thank you
 The Uno/Skip Bo game that I ordered arrived in great shape , in very little time and I have lots of fun playing this game , alone and with my grandkids . Who says a grandma is too old to learn new tricks -LRB- or games -RRB-
 this game is so much fun . it 's amazing how fast the time goes by while your playing it
 I enjoy playing the card version of Skip-Bo with friends and family to unwind . This DS version mimics the game well and gives extra features with wild cards and game variations . I have found the uno freefall to be entertaining as well , although the easy levels are a bit boring it lets you set the level to immediately be challenging . I have n't tried playing Uno yet .
 If you like playing Uno , the DS version is a great portable version to play on the go , or when there is no one else around to play the card game with . Uno Free Fall is an awesome Tetris like game with an Uno twist .
 I found this game to be entertaining for the whole family . My six year old plays UNO Free Fall and UNO on her own . I really like the UNO Free Fall although after a while it gets boring and unchallenging . However , if you enjoy games like UNO and solitaire , you will most likely enjoy this game as well . The music was a bit annoying , but I did like the ability to change screen backgrounds .
 Skip-bo and Uno are fun games even for adults . What we like is we can play the game anywhere you have to wait .
 Great Price ! Shipped FAST ! Would definitely recommend seller and product to anyone ! Product is worth the price ! Great Job ! !
 had one , lost it , knew if I bought another the original would show up . . It worked . No one needs more words to read that do n't say anything new .
 I like this game , it 's fun to play and I really enjoy skip-bo . I highly recommend it , in fact it 's the first game on bought for the Nintendo DS
 Fun , fun , fun ... I am so glad I got this . Just like old times ... remember playing these actual card games . So glad now I can play them on my handheld .
 I bought this for the Skip-Bo . My mother in-law and I play for hours . I didnt like the uno my self but really liked uno freefall .
 Really nice game . Very easy to play . I like the game on cards and now like it also on the DS .
 I got this game because I LOVE LOVE LOVE to play Skip Bo , but ca n't always find people willing to sit and play . This game asbsolutely hit the nail on the head with these games . The best features in both Uno & Skip Bo are the ability to change game play , such as being able to stack Wild cards , or add alternate cards.If you like regular Uno or Skip Bo , DEFINITELY buy this game . You 'll love it as much as I do .
 Granted there may not be as many people out there like me that I ca n't get enough of Uno but that aside this game is a lot of fun . There are three games included :1 . Uno - traditional card game you can play against the computer or other people .2 . Skip-Bo - another great card game3 . Uno Freefall - this is a puzzle type game where the different uno blocks fall from the top and you have to line them up to elimate them in groups.Uno and Skip-Bo have multi-player options to either play against someone with another DS or play against other people by passing the DS around . There 's no online play with this game though , which is too bad . You can only play wirelessly from system to system.Overall , I nice buy for the price .
 I originally bought this game because I liked Uno and wanted to add another game to my collection . I played Uno a few times , then freefall a few times , then Skipbo . Now , I am totally hooked on skipbo . I 've played it every single day since I 've had it . You can play with up to 4 people on the handheld or against up to 3 other computer players instead . You can decide what options you 'd like such as how many cards , etc. as well as other special options . And for the price , you ca n't beat it .
 I like playing skip-bo from time to time , but i never seem to be able to get anyone to play it with me . Now I can play it when I want . It 's one of my favorite card games . Uno 's pretty good , but not one of my favorites , although I do like to play it occasionally . I do n't really care for Uno free fall , but then again I 've never been a big fan of those types of games . But it 's definitely worth the money for just Uno and Skip-bo . The games are 3 set up well , no complaints on the game itself .
 if you like UNO , then you will enjoy this trio pack . i even learned different rules to playing some of the same games . the best part is , i do n't have to look for someone to play UNO w / . it definitely keeps me busy .
 I luuvvee this game ! i play it every time i have a minute . i 'm not to into the skip bo having never played the card game i do n't get it , but uno and free fall are great . got my ds for christmas last yr . and have been looking for more `` grown up '' games . uno is true to the regular card game , i like to play with the computer and do my fair share of beating the ` other ' players . over all would definetly recommend
 We travel back and forth alot so I got this and played it alot in the car . It 's fun , I love card games so if you like playing uno or skip-bo this one 's for you !!
 In our family we have gone thru about 10 decks each of Uno AND Skipbo !!! I seriously wear them out playing so much !! When the kids got the DS System I saw this game used at the store ... I snatched it right up !!! It is SOOO much fun !!!! And now we dont have to beg anyone to play us . When one of us gets the urge to play , they play !! Great game for any video game library !!! The only thing I dont like , is you cant adapt the game to any `` house rules '' . There are a couple house rules we have when playing with younger family members . So the young ones have a hard time playing by the `` real '' rules ! haha But they 'll grow into it.GREAT game !!!!!!
 I 've had this game since I got my PS2 , so this was my first close encounter to PS games . I had n't played any videogame related since Pokemon . Now , I actually made it to the third level in a day so I supposed this one may not have been actually so difficult . I think this game is nice but sure some times gets tedious when all of your quests are quite the same.Though , the extras are great ! I recomend this to any Monsters Inc fan and not very young kinds -LRB- -6 -RRB- .
 Well I have to admit that I can not play this game much because # 1 I never get a chance because my DS -LRB- 4 -RRB- or DH is playing . This game seems pretty easy but can be a bit of a challange to learn at first for those younger . My son can not read yet and understands -LRB- not sure how -RRB- what to do . He has made it to level 5 already and is so GOOD . He can -LRB- if I let him -RRB- play for hours . This really is a fun game !
 I RENTED THIS GAME TO PLAY WITH MY 5 YEAR OLD & SHE GOT FRUSTRATED REAL QUICK . THIS GAME IS TOO DIFFICULT FOR KIDS THAT ARE JUST LEARNING HOW TO PLAY BUT MY HUSBAND & I LOVED IT . WE FOUGHT OVER WHO 'S TURN IT WAS .
 I do n't mind this game , I think it is actually quite fun . The levels can be hard because they do n't really tell you what you are looking for and you do n't know how to find it . Other than that I enjoy the game because of the characters and the idea behind it . It can be tough but it is still fun .
 This is one of the best games that was based on a movie yet , the graphics are great and younger players will enjoy the creativity !
 I rented this game to see if it would be worth the buy for my 4 -LRB- soon to be 5 -RRB- year old and I would say that it is a good game but it can be somewhat frustrating because of the graphics in the dark background . In the garbage level and other scenes where the background is dark it is almost impossible to see what is there . We got around this by playing at night and turning off the lights . I might buy this , but likely used from a store that had a good refund/exchange policy .
 game was received in a timely manner . Works well with no freezing up like in some used games.You feel like you are a monster when you play.Great fun
 This is one of the best Playstation games for children . It starts off with a training walkthrough which is fun as well as ` teaching ' the controls.In the main game there is enough to keep you occupied for weeks with several layers of gameplay so younger kids and older kids can enjoy it.The gameplay consists of collecting ooze , scaring nerves which are a bit like pinochicco and collecting tokens . There are some mini races with Randall too . You can choose to be Mike or Sully in the game and they are amusing characters just as in the film -LRB- although slightly different but great voices -RRB- . My 5 year old has been able to pick up this game and it has been extremely entertaining and I 've enjoyed playing it too - collecting ALL the tokens and scaring ALL the nerves is challenging but great fun.There are several different locations and settings which keep the gameplay fun and varied . Even now the gameplay is completed my children still like playing this game.Highly recommended .
 I really liked this game . I am not much of a fan of the other Monsters inc. games though . I also liked the fact that Boo was involed in the game . The videos were very enjoyable but the game was a little hard .
 I have n't played it yet but this game looks awsome . I love the Monsters , Inc. movie and the video game for PS2 should be awsome .
 I 'm going to be honest - Top Shop is the budget game that really made me believe in the concept of budget gaming . Up until Top Shop , virtually all the budget games I had played were of the `` you get what you pay for '' variety . But Top Shop kindled my love for cheap games and is probably the biggest reason budget-priced games should exist at all.At its core , Top Shop is simply an expanded version of Monopoly . Rolling dice has been replaced by rolling a pencil . Buying properties has been replaced with opening shops in a mall . Go has been replaced with a bank . Rent has been replaced by merchandise . The fundamentals for the game were already set , leaving the developer to experiment with ideas to see how well they worked . What they ended up with is possibly the most entertaining video board game ever created.The game starts everyone at the bank after determining the play order , and then everyone rushes off to open various stores . The store names range from ordinary to peculiar - Bobson 's , Curry House , George Video , Meat Land , Tour Tours , Aesthetics Julia , and lots of others . Each store has a variety of merchandise for sale , and when someone lands on an opponent 's store they have to choose something to buy -LRB- you can buy a maximum of two items per visit -RRB- . My only disappointment with this game is that the items do n't really do anything ; despite the clever names like `` Old Movie '' and `` Video Game '' at George Video , they are treated exactly the same way rent is treated in Monopoly . It 's just a simple exchange of money . Each store has to be restocked and players restock a store by landing on it . If a store sells out entirely , then whoever landed there has the option of buying out the store and opening their own.There are quite a few mall layouts to choose from , but all of them share some similar characteristics . Each area of the mall is divided into a 3 or 4 space sections . You can only own one type of shop per section , but there 's a reason for this . When you build a store next to one you already own , the stores merge and become a double-sized store . The advantage to this is that the inventory space in each section of the store is increased by 1 and you can sell more expensive items . The largest stores can be up to 4 spaces and can carry extremely expensive items . The downside to this is the price to build merged stores is quite a bit higher than single stores . All the malls also have an elevator or two , which sometimes works and sometimes does n't . You never know until you try to use it . Each mall also has a bank where you get paid every time you pass it -LRB- extra if you land directly on it -RRB- . The amount you get depends on how many stores you have and how long it has been since you were last at the bank.The `` Cash Back '' feature of the game is something that I do n't entirely understand , but it adds another element of randomness to the play . Every now and then when you buy something , you 'll get your money back and then some . It happens very seldom -LRB- maybe 2 % of the time -RRB- , and apparently at random . This money comes right out of the store owner 's pocket , so it is great if you 're the buyer but annoying if you 're stuck paying out.When you roll the pencil , you 'll roll a number from 1 to 8 or an E . If you get E you must draw a card . There are good cards -LRB- collect money from everyone , all stores except yours are closed , etc. -RRB- and bad cards -LRB- you dropped half your money , you must sell a store , etc. -RRB- most of these cards also give you points which can be exchanged at the Bank for special bonuses . You can also get a point from buying something , but this appears to happen at random too -LRB- although more frequently than Cash Back -RRB- . The special bonuses at the bank range from nice to devious , depending on how many points you have , you can open a new store for free , get extra money , restock your stores , cause your opponents to lose moneyOne other unique feature about the game is the money is separated into two categories
 My older sister and I used to play this game all the time and when the time came , we brought it up and realize we had to find a copy of it so we could feel young again . Now I 've gotten multiple friends of mine hooked on it . The game is like a colorful , item and asset filled version of Monopoly sort of . You have to buy shops , keep them stocked with items , and when you rivals land on it , they have to buy an item . If they buy out your store , they can chose to buy your store to expand an already existing one of theirs or they can open their own new one . It 's really fun and you never know who is willing to help you out or to screw you over . I highly recommend this game to anyone !
 Inexpensive . Like monopoly but a lot more fun . Supports 6 people on the Playstation !
 Forgive the bad English translation . This is more than just a video game adaptation of the Monopoly board game . It adds buying and selling inventory to simple property trading . It 's made a lot more fun because you can buy property away from someone just by buying out their inventory first . It 's great fun for 3-4 players . Not much of a learning curve , and the game progresses quickly , though it can last a while.It 's no wonder that it 's selling for more used than it did when it was mass-produced new . I wo n't be selling my copy .
 LOVE this game ! My brother picked it out of a bargain bin years ago and in no time the entire family was hooked . I think all 5 of us have our own copies and to this day we still play it and LOVE it . Fun , engaging graphics , addictive play . The occasional bad translations are a HUGE plus , they have never stopped being funny . This game is the only reason we still have a Playstation console , otherwise we 'd have chucked the thing years ago . You wo n't be sorry you bought this game ! Equip your Chirp-Chirp shoes , roll your pencil and get ready to really annoy your opponents ; - -RRB-
 This game will keep you entertained for hours . At first I thought it sounded kind of dumb , but it was cheap so I bought it . It did n't take long before I was hooked ... very fun game !
 this game is so cool you got to buy this game the actors make this game worth your money .
 Ok , so obviously if you buy this game you are a fan of hockey , and probably played the other HITZ games . Well im gon na tell you what sets this game apart from the previous titles . First , the addition of 5-5 makes the game alot more realistic , but still maintains the fun level by , harder checks and new finishing moves in fighting . Second , the graphics are out of this world , and more better and might as well strap on a helmet , grab a stick , and skate . Third , new additions to franchise and side-events will keep you amused for weeks if you get bored of the season mode -LRB- highly unlikely -RRB- ! For these reasons and many others not listed I recommend this game to all and is a great addition to you game wall ! Happy Gaming !
 I was so excited to hear this game was coming out this year . The hard hitting nature of the game endured and I am pleased at many of the new features . I do like the game very much and think it will provide many hours of enjoyment . The new five on five feature is cool and with the bigger rink it feels more natural . There are also lots of new intricacies regarding Franchise mode.Many people I have spoken with regarding the previous '02 & '03 versions of the game complained about Hitz not being `` real '' or close enough to the actual NHL . Well , Duh ! I think that was the point . It was supposed to make hockey fun to play while still retaining some resemblance to the `` real '' of the NHL . 3 on 3 was fine with me because the game was about fun . Hitz was n't , and still is n't for the most part , trying to copy the sport exactly ; where 's the fun in that ? If you want to watch an NHL game buy some tickets . If you want to play `` real '' hockey get your can off the couch and grab a stick . So , my recommendation to you all is to buy this game , but respect what it 's trying to do . I also think I will still play my 2002 and 2003 versions often . Something that 's not all that common with those OTHER NHL games out there when the season is over . Go Avalanche !!!
 With EA and Sega hogging the spotlight , it 's easy to forget about the `` other '' developers.However , Midway has produced by far , without a doubt , the finest hockey title ever made.It 's now 2005 . The NHL will be back on the ice in twelve weeks , and nobody seems to care about any games that are n't 2006 titles.Well , you should care!This overlooked gem is a masterpiece , and although it 's nearly two years old , I do n't think it will EVER be topped.This game is about REAL hockey baby!No soft stick-checks or silky smooth dekes , just monster hits and garbage goals!The previous hitz titles were a little too arcade-like for me , yet I do n't love 2k4 and 5 's overly-sim-like gameplay.This game has the perfect balance of real rules and regulations with a dose of ridiculously fun monster hits and fights too.Seriously , whether it 's single or multi-player , you 'll be sore from how much fun you 're having!I never get tired of smacking some shrimp from behind and watching him flip , yes flip , forward in mid-air ! This game is a purist 's dream.You actually feel like you 're at a hockey game!This is what makes this game so special.In every hockey game I 've ever played , there 's NO atmosphere AT ALL!This game , on the other hand , is wonderfully loud.The commentators have the perfect tone , the organ music is great , the goal horns are superb , and the crowds go CRAZY after hits and goals.Simply put , any exhibition game has the excitement of a Stanley Cup Finals game 7 . Awesome!The game has all the other neccessary elements as well : Great graphics , awesome gameplay , tons of modes , -LRB- Could the pick-up mode be any cooler ? -RRB- and very high replay value.In conclusion , do n't pay attention to how old this is-just buy it and enjoy the best hockey game of all time !
 This is the best game I have ever played . I do n't know what the other people were thinking who gave this game bad reviews , but 5 stars is n't even enough . Somebody said that the view is terrible , well , there are 3 or 4 different views that you can choose from , and to make it like the other NHL Hitz games , just slect the view `` ice '' . And not only can you chose rules off or on , but you can chose which rules and penalties specificaly ! The best part , however , is franchise mode , the first thing i did when i bought this was make my own team , you can make the town your team is from , select the team name and jersey , name every player on it , chose from a good selection of nicknames for the announcers to call them , and their name and number even shows up when you play a game !!!! The game has random `` game highlights '' that show a player and stats , which makes it even more realistic . Also , at the end of every game you play , there is a `` player of the game '' and a `` play of the game '' . Tthere are so many play modes to chose from , so this game never gets old . YOU MUST BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!
 All it took was a few days of play with this game and I got hooked . This is a fast-paced hockey game with excellent game-play . The controls are easy to learn , but difficult to master ; making skill actually important when playing this game.The settings are highly customizable . You can set what kind of rules you 'd like to call , length of the period , how loosely the refs call games . It also lets you go so far as to set how good the goalie is at defending certain types of shots . Also , the computer 's skill level vary from allowing you to pretty much score on them at will to them coming out and kicking your butt.The graphics of the game are pretty decent . You can change the camera view as well , although it 's mostly a matter of how much you want to zoom in from the top . I do n't think there 's an ice-level view . The in-game announcers are very good and provide pretty much seamless running commentary for the game . One feature that 's great is that you can customize a team , and there is a list of pre-recorded names you can attach to the players , allowing the announcers to call the game with these customized players in it.I 've read some of the other reviews and just do n't agree with some of the negative comments . You are able to create a franchise and compete against real NHL teams . You just need to go through a brief 15 game season to qualify . You can also `` lock '' your controller on a specific player , which makes it MUCH easier when it 's a multiplayer game . Having four people on one team trying to switch from one character to another would just be impossible . And yes , you can change goalies in the middle of the game.Some of the cons
 the hitz games are just sweet as it is . this game makes it more realistic and more fun . the graphics and game play are awesome . i really love the 5 on 5 game play . the only bad part about this game is the fighting . i much prefered the fights of the previous 2 games . other than that this game is very sweet . the franchise mode is great . letting you create a team and work thier ways through the semi-pro league before making it to the nhl . just a great great game
 This game is so cool . The graphics are awesome and there is alot more animations . Such as the goalie covering up the puck then shooting a pass down the rink . The game is more realistic but does n't give up the bone crushing action that made this game fun . If you like hockey u have to get this game .
 NFL Blitz Pro has got ta be the best football game out there . It 's more like Madden than the other Blitz games , but much much better than any Madden game . There are no rules , so you can bash up your opponents at any time you want ! There are a bunch of cool , rough , and funny tackles . You can now celebrate with the ball during play using the right analog stick ! Also , after touchdowns , there are a ton of funny gloating celebrations that the computer controls . The commentary is hilarious ! This game is so much more exciting than Madden . Lots of good running and passing -LRB- as well as defensive -RRB- plays to choose from . Computer AI is good . Momentum and strategy are really involved now!Also , to the person before me who said that he could n't unlock the classic Blitz mode . You have to earn Blitz Credits by winning Exhibition or Quickplay games . When you earn enough credits -LRB- you also need a profile -RRB- , you can buy that mode in the Blitz shop.Along with the classic Blitz mode are a bunch of other great unlockable game modes ! -LRB- Examples
 First of all this game is way better than the the other blitzes . The commentary is halirious . The gameplay is better , and so are the graphics . I like it cause there is no pass interference . You can do whatever u want.It 's easyer then madden 2004 too . It 's cool that u can do the fantasy draft.For example u could put Tiki Barber , Brett Farve , Terrall Owens , and Jeremy Shockey on the same team . The bottom line is do n't buy this if u like the refs .
 this game is fun if you are like me you do n't like madden where you get close to the person and they fall over . nfl blitz any of them you have to physicaly tackle them i love it .
 I 'm a big fan of all the Blitz games , and this is the best one yet . They 've made this game just like Madden , but with better game play , better graphics , and faster paced action . I 've got one preordered and ca n't wait . Oh , best of all , no John Madden . He 's so bad , I heard EA Sports was talking to Dennis Miller about doing a football game . God he makes that game stink ...
 Man is this a game or what . You have to get this game there are no penelties , if you do n't like a game with alot of penelties . You can do so many things after the whistle is blown . This is a fun hard hitting game that the whole family can love -LSB- my family does -RSB- and that 's the hard down truth . Thank you amazon from Maryland I 'm out baby .
 Great game !!! Ca n't stop playing it
 they completly mess up with this game . They game up the uniqueness of the old blitz game and chnaged it totally . a person playing this would n't know it was blitz if it was n't for the title
 This game has very cool graphics . it is fun to play , but can sometimes be boring . If your child does not like bowling , do n't even make an attempt to buy this game . But , if they like or love bowling , try it out .
 The fact that the game still works fantastic and the game play is so amazingly fun . An epic game in an epic series that should be played by anyone that calls themselves a true gamer .
 I love this game ! I find it sad that a game for N64 could grab my attention and make me want to play it more and more compared to the newer games where I tend to get really bored and stop playing . I was glued to my controller playing this game non-stop . It is the craziest Zelda I think I 'll ever play or see . They need to make more games like this one and the world would be a better place !
 I so love this game ! Great to play and all the little quirks of it make it a blast . I 've been working on it maybe a month and am almost done with the dungeons .
 This game has everything that I would look for in a game ! The temples can be hard , but not impossible . The Game is very different and dark . To put it straight , there is no Ganon , no Hyrule , no Master Sword , and Zelda is only in the game for a minute or two . Put it like this this Zelda has a better darker tone than Twilight Princess . Since there are only four temples , you would this game is really short , but you would be wrong . The temples can be good legth , but the game looks more on side quests and characters . Im not going to spoil the games setting or villian -LRB- you may already can see it ! -RRB- Buy it ! Love it ! Enjoy it !
 The Legend of Zelda
 I played this game as a kid but i lost it , it was just as fun when I played it as a 7 year old and as a 15 year old . It has a really depressing theme yet still maintained a great story line , but I will admit , I had to use a walk though .
 It seems that in the Zelda franchise , the direct sequels are always very unorthodox . For example , after the success of the original The Legend of Zelda on the Nintendo Entertainment system , Zelda II The Adventure of Link was very different . Instead of the bird 's eye view , the game 180 's into an action platformer . While many gamers did not enjoy the sequel , I think it is an ambitious and very fun game . After the raging success of A Link To The Past on Super Nintendo , the Gameboy would receive the sequel called Link 's Awakening . Link 's Awakening would also be radically different from A Link To The Past since it is the first Zelda game not to actually feature Zelda or Gannon . And finally , after the unprecedented critical reception of the Nintendo 64 release of The Legend of Zelda
 This game is so fun ! Better sound and graphics then the first n64 zelda . i like all the masks mostly . easy to beat and good side stories . i am a zelda fan so i rate this 5 stars ! > w <
 Many people consider this the Dark Horse in the zelda series , and in most respects they are right . The three day mechanic is one unique to the game and has yet to be repeated , the dark tone the impending apocalypse of the third day is one that has yet to be matched , and transformation ceased to be a thing after this game . It 's These elements , however , that come together to make the most memorable game in the zelda continuum to date , and one that demands at least one playthrough .
 i never played this back in 2000 for the 64 . i bought it recently and have to say i got stuck alot with it . but that doesnt mean its still not fun . As always in the LoZ games its a great storyline and great gameplay and the puzzles are rewardingly challenging to beat . it forces you to figure out things foryourself in the game which can get you stuck . you still have the ocarina in this game -LRB- continuing from ocarina of time -RRB- and you use it to keep the moon from falling out of the sky -LRB- basically -RRB- and onto clocktown causing an end of the world type deal . you also collect mask that have certain powers and some transform you into cooler things . good game .
 Very reliable seller , indeed . It arrived on time , actually , it was early so I was extremely excited about that . The game itself is fantastic . It is a lot of back and forth but once you get the hang of the game , it is most enjoyable . It arrived in excellent condition and I have had no issues with the cartridge thus far . Well done , take my 5 stars .
 If you ask Zelda fans on their opinion of Majora 's Mask , you 'll get answers all over the board . It is simply the type of game that one either loves or hates.Majora 's Mask is one of the rare Zelda titles that is a direct sequel . Set after Ocarina of Time , Link is traveling deep within the Lost Woods , searching for an old friend , when he is ambushed . His ocarina and horse are stolen from him and he is turned into a deku scrub . Lost in an unknown land , he quickly discovers a greater problem - an impending apocalypse three days away . Though this is one of the few games set outside of Hyrule , the story is fairly rich , filled with many memorable characters and subplots.Story
 Well i was wanting this game for a long time , and i was lucky enough to finally be the first one on the waiting list for the purchasing of a used one . i surprisingly was able to buy it for only 15 dollars , and i got another game free -LRB- cuz there was a deal . -RRB- i was tired of playing it on the GameCube -LRB- zelda collectors edition -RRB- so i was so happy to get the original version for probably one of , if not the best gaming systems ever created . this is by far one of the best games for n64 , and i like the whole concept of having 3 days to do a bunch of stuff ... -LRB- at least you get to restart them ... so dont think this game is really short -RRB- this game is all the same controls and things as ocarina of time , but it has a completly different storyline , and a different setting , too . you will not be sorry if you get this game !!! i would connsider getting a used one , since the new ones are like 200 dollars , but i got mine used and it plays fine ... plz get this game if you are a big zelda/n64 game ... -LRB- also get it if you arent . -RRB-
 I like this game very much . It is kind of hard to play . My only complaint is I did not know that I needed an expansion pack when I bought it so I had to wait to play it until I could get one .
 The Legend of Zelda
 I really like the product , and it got here really fast too , thanks for everything.I would definitely recomend it
 i loved this zelda game was good play and this is good some problems like the sound cuts out and ca n't save but works well other than that
 I was quite satisfied with this product . The box was a bit bent but that 's ok because that was mentioned in the description of the product and most other Majora 's Mask games that were listed did n't even come in the original box . I was also happy to see that it came with the game guide booklet and my boyfriend -LRB- it was his Christmas present -RRB- was even more happy to see that it had some codes already writen in the back . -LRB-
 In my opinion this was the best Zelda game , mostly for all the reasons most people hated it . The time concept added a challenge , the freakier atmosphere gave it a unique feel , and the mask have been the most diverse items I have used in any Zelda game .
 it plays awesome , its just as promised and im very very happy with it , thank you . And it looks good on my big tv even though its an old game = -RSB-
 Majoras Mask ... This game now is still a great game . When this came out it was jaw-dropping . Majora 's Mask is the sequel to Ocarina of Time and is put in a new setting with an extreme graphic improvement . In the beginning of the game Epona is stolen and you chase a strange boy into an odd portal that takes link to a totally different town . This town has the same characters from the original but in different settings with different names.To boot Link is now transformed and stuck in the form of a Deku.The first three days are crucial because you must get the ocarina to keep reseting time for the moon crashes down 12 pm on the third day.Also who wants to be stuck as a Deku forever . The game delivers a fun entertaining adventure just like Ocarina of Time . Unlike the previous installment though this game is n't as dungeon oriented -- If I remember correctly there is 4 altogether -- but what dungeons are there are fun , challenging , and would n't disappoint any Ocarina fan . The game has a high replay value because of rare items that some take the whole three days to grasp . Such as a permanent stronger sword and many masks . Some masks have powers and others are needed for random events . Much -- fun -- time will be spent collecting and finding every secret in this game!When you reset back to day one using your Ocarina you will Keep any Item you have received -- as well as ruppies that you put in you bank -- But people will not remember you and events will not be saved ... Its kinda like your last three days never happened ... It 's really in my opinion a neat concept and once you complete the game you feel pretty good about doing so . Much more challenging than Ocarina of Time but I would not say better . They are both amazing games.I would not compare this to Game boy Zeldas because of the major difference in hardware , but compared to Wind Waker -- another zelda taken place in a totally different setting -- Majora 's Mask Sh ** s all over it ! Good Game Nintendo
 What a fun game!The legend of zelda games are always entertaining and this one is no exception . Majora 's Mask is a favorite that my kids never get tired of playing .
 Majora 's Mask takes players on a tilted Zelda-esque quest into a parallel world called Termina , where a young , untested Link must undo the havoc caused by an curious and vengeful imp . The catch is Link has only three days to travel to four vast lands , and so he must call on the time-bending powers of the Ocarina to move back and forth in this short period before the Carnival of Time begins.The game plays a lot like the Ocarina of Time , but has less of that traditional Zelda feel . Link spends more time on troublesome sidequests -LRB- often with insufficient payout -RRB- , and because one loses most expendable possessions each time you return to the first day , players may be annoyed and frustrated . It 's also a little weak in the plot department , and some of the tasks and goals feel disconnected from the larger storyline.But the emphasis of masks , especially transformative masks , is intriguing , challenging , and entertaining , and the generally darker feel of the game with it 's many puzzles and curious dungeons provides a strong player experience . The improved graphics and consistent gameplay also help make Majora 's Mask a game worth investing in , even if it is n't the traditional Zelda/Link outing .
 Although this game is not the super classic that the Ocarina of Time is , it is still a great game with the great puzzles , weapons , minigames , and awesome fighting that we have come to expect from the series plus some very original gameplay as far as the masks go especially . If you 're a zelda fan it is a must play game .
 The Legend of Zelda
 A darker and more complicated story make this game really fun and difficult . My second favorite Zelda next to Ocarina of Time .
 i just order majora 's mask on monday . just waited for 3 days and on august 7 , it came today . the game is good but not good as ocarina of time . when you order something from amazon , you items come your house at the right time . I trust amazon more than ebay . i love amazon .
 Although most people disagree with me , I think this installment in the Zelda series is better than Ocarina of Time . Majora 's Mask , in a sense , is its complete opposite.While Ocarina of Time is very traditional in its format and style , Majora 's Mask strays far from the ordinary . Ocarina of Time masters the epicness that Zelda can be . Majora 's Mask masters the dark and mysterious side of the Zelda series.Being a fan of the unusual , I am addicted to the idea of restarting the same three days repeatedly . Trying to get as much done before restarting is awesome . Then getting to transform into a Deku , Zora , and Goron puts this game over the top . You also get to fight the bosses -LRB- although there are only four big bosses -RRB- as many times as you like . Every time you restart the three days , you get to fight them again by warping straight to their lair . Fighting Goht is one of those experiences that 's worth reliving again and again!Lots of masks to find , swimming as a Zora and rolling as a Goron , a much more difficult final boss than Ganon in Ocarina of Time , and a much darker tone help make this game the gem that it is . I will always be in awe of this game , and I hope everyone else finds it as enjoyable as I do .
 Having owned the game for years upon years , I still have yet to get EVERY secret in the game . But , this is a review so Ill stay away from that.Anyway , it 's a true sequal to Ocarina of Time , even though it 's different from any other Zelda in existance . The dark feeling of the moon above your head , going through time to save lives or help them , and the ability to transform Link into four creatures , making gameplay extremely different with each transformation.Not only the game itself , the music is superb , with songs like `` The Astral Observatory '' that I listen to often . You 'll see background characters from Ocarina of Time play different roles in this game -LRB- Termina counterparts -RRB- , like the beloved Kafei and Anju . Buy the game , you 'll enjoy , if anybody says otherwise , they obviously did n't play the game in it 's N64 hype .
 This game was EPIC!To me , , , a master piece , , i simply loved everything from the beginning to the end :D ... For some reason this was the one Zelda game that caught my attention the most , , the game seemed more unusual and creepy then the other games , , I love the music its provided by and all the challenges just make me want to play more , , Love it !!! 10/10 Must have !
 Any game with the title `` The legend of Zelda '' is going to be great ... The real reason Im writing this is because I noticed a mistake in the product description . It says that the game was avaliable in the gold cartridge with the hologram label to gamers who pre-orderd it . and that is not true . I bought the game brand-new in Rockdale Texas in Walmart with no preorder for it .
 I absolutely love this game . The wide variety of masks available always keeps it fresh . Like almost all of Nintendo 's games , it 's aimed at fun for the whole family . If you are the type that likes grisly games about killing people , this is not for you . It 's fun and challenging at times , but is in no way unbeatable like a few other games I 've played . Like all Zelda games , -LRB- except philip 's -RRB- it 's a masterpiece that I find highly addicting .
 Well we have an outright accomplishment here . Nintendo always have games zelda mario whatever the case may be Nintendo is at the heart of the most cherished adventures of our childhoods . This game is no exception to that statement . The legend of Zelda Majoras mask is an awesome game . I give it 10 thumbs up . This is one of the zelda games that did send some players the wrong way . As for me I loved it . The scenario is that link is riding through Kokiri forest chasing after Navi . He is ambushed by a creature known as the skull kid . The skull kid knocks Link off of his horse and steals his ocarina . You gain control of Link and run a ways and get turned into a deku scrub . The thing that irked alot of people was that it takes a while to get moving in this game . You are stuck at the very beginning and you might end up dying . Trust me I know the experiences getting to the boss in a dungeon only to have the three day timer go down is not a fun experience . Aside from the flaws that this game has the three day system adds more challenge to the game . Majoras Mask is a short game and it would be to easy if it did n't have the timer . four dungeons and your done . Now aside from that fact every single zelda game has innovations that make them different from all the other zeldas . The gameplay mechanic here that really spices up the game and adds a twist to the gameplay is the masks that alter your shapes and your abilities . We have deku Link , Goron Link , and Zora link . Now , to be truly honest Zora link is the most enjoyable . Its a twist from ocarina because the masks quite literally did nothing , and if they did had very trivial uses . Also most of the majoras mask characters have names and actually move around and have a set schedule just like real life . It definitely adds some livelyness to the game . In most zelda games the characters stand still all day long . Majoras Mask has some interesting side quests , which have you interact with different characters in the game , some of which are pretty emotional , from uniting a couple , to helping a ranch girl save her ranch from ghosts . One thing that people like to nit pick about zelda is the fact that theres no voice acting in zelda . I shoot right right back because in general if you are visual , like I am , basically instead of link powning the world and saving Zeldas , You become Link . You are the powner of the world , Your the one that saved an entire town from a menacing moon and your the one getting all the fame . If your like I am you will feel good after you finish a Zelda game . Just think of all the characters that you just saved . The true heart of any Zelda game is the lands you explore , the monsters that you vanquish , and the people that you meet . Zelda does have some rpg elements to it but Zelda is an action-adventure genre . The music selection is extremely good . Astral laboratory , song of healing , good stuff . The mini boss theme just sets the tone for the game , quite literraly . The thing about the song that I personally like is the fact that it really makes you feel rushed . I mean dang you have 1 more day before the moon hits you in the face . It 's the song that I think sets the tone for the game , your all under a time limit finish fast or death will befall you . Nothing can stop link though , because ancient prophecies say so . Another thing I like personally is its a different end boss . I mean , honestly , how many times can gannondorf come back and capture zelda . Zelda appears once just to wish you luck . The game is truly a cherished experience , I 'll say . It 's one of those things where your always fighting gannondorf in all the others . I mean all the other zelda games are good too but Majoras mask at least changes it up a bit . I 've never played a bad Zelda game , except the cdi games , and Hoo boy any game is better than those games . Among fans , if your a fan and you dont have the game for the n64 , give it a try . It is definitely worth the investment .
 Game cartridge arrived in good condition as stated , the contacts were clean , looked new in fact . It plays fine and I have been having a great time reliving the past with the awesome game .
 I had this game for 2 or 3 years and i still love it . In many ways this game is better than ocarina of time . Its has harder puzzles . Heck , after owning it for 2 years i still have n't beat it . You use mask to transform to other creatures , or to get cool abilitys . Its is one of the best N64 games ever . you can transform into a Deku . Or a Zora . Or even a Goron . And there 's even more masks like the bunny ears that incease your speed that i always forget the name to . Trust me , this game is worth 20 bucks .
 You press the start butten , start a new game . You find yourself riding on Epona -LRB- As a little bit older kid Link and little Epona -RRB- threw a forest , where you get attacked by a skull kid , he steals your horse and your ocarina , this is where your adventure begins . You go threw a maze/forest type thing where during it you get turned into a Deku scrub , after you get threw it you find yourself in an area of some sort -LRB- I dont know how to explan it -RRB- this is where you meet the happy mask salesman -LRB- Remember him ? -RRB- and he explans to you how his mask was stolen and asks if you could get it back . This is where you enter the two big doors to a town called , Clock Town . You only have three days until the moon hovering over Clock Town crashes into Termina ! Using your ocarina -LRB- once you get it back from the skull kid -RRB- and the masks you get during the game you get to be the hero once again and Save the land of Termina!Overall I gave this game a 4/5 for a very good reason . This game is sort of more for the newer Zelda players because if your an old Zelda player and played OOT you 'll miss some of the features in OOT -LRB- like i did -RRB- . The graphics have improved a bit and old faces have returned . To me this game didnt really hit me like OOT ... it 's a great game but it seemed Nintendo didnt put alot of effort in it as OOT . You have to battle threw four doungons , but each having their own little story to go with it . The game is a pretty good game overall , but it just wont hit you like OOT ... So i suggest get it , add it to your Zelda collection , play it and beat it , laugh as your playing it and also cry , Remember this game just like you did OOT , because soon were all going to have a new Zelda game to play which is going to make us put away our N64s and get out our Gamecubes -LRB- or Wii ... if you got one -RRB- and once we beat that game , we will play it again and soon in a couple of years when your sitting in your room you 'll get your n64 back out and play OOT and MM and if you think your to old for these games then get our you n64 and show these two games to your younger brother or sister or someone you know . Show them the greatest game of your generation because I bet no game in their generation is going to match these two great games . So I say again , buy it ... because what is twenty bucks , twenty bucks will buy you a good game and also years and years of great memories , or if you dont feel like paying twenty bucks go to an old game discount store -LRB- if you have one where you live -RRB- or gamestop or something and look threw their used games bin , and if you see OOT or MM buy them if you dont have them , you 'll regret it as a Zelda fan for the rest of your life if you dont . Buy it or dont , it 's your choice and i cant make it for you.Some pros and cons ... Pros ... - Improved Graphics and sound - Twenty-four intresting quests for twenty-four masks - Getting to ride Epona as a kid ! HECK YES ! - New songs to learn - Some intresting gameplay - and years and years of great memoriesCons ... - You lose some of your stuff -LRB- rupees , arrows , deku nuts , bombs , etc -RRB- if you go back to the first day by playing the ocarina . - some puzzles are very fustrating -LRB- Like the last room before the one where you have to step on the two switched in Sakon 's hideout took me a couple tries to figure out -RRB- but dont give up ! - Only four temples ... :-LRB- - The first days in Clock town as a Deku Scrub is boring.O and dont think this game is just for guys ... cause it isnt . . im a girl and i like the Zelda series ... ;-RRB- And girls dont say the Zelda games are gay just because they have sword fighting in it , I like shopping and makeup and stuff like that but I also like video games , so if you a girl play it ... give it a chance ... -LRB- and dont mind my horrible spelling -RRB-
 Majora 's Mask is a sequel to Ocarina of Time , however , it 's much different . Because of how different and dark this game is , it happens to be my favorite from the series , -LRB- though I have n't managed to unravel every secret within it . -RRB- As the main hero Link , you are given a three day time period until an angry-looking moon is to fall and destroy Termina . With the song of time -LRB- that Princess Zelda taught you in OoT -RRB- you are able to travel back and forth within the three days in order to help and save the characters within the game.Other than the cursed Majora 's mask , you will also search for other masks that give you special abilities that help Link in his adventure . You will recognize some songs , enemies , and supporting characters from Ocarina of Time , usually with different names and playing different roles.The music in this game is wonderful . Koji Kondo is really a genius when it comes to video game music . I can guarantee that you will love at least one of the songs in Majora 's Mask . Personally , I really love the song of healing.There is so much to do in this game , and so many lovable characters ; It 's very unlikely you 'll get bored . If you 're a fan of this series , and have n't played this game ... what 's wrong with you ?! Buy this now !! : DIf you have not played Ocarina of Time , I 'd definitely recommend that first , as you may become confused with Majora 's Mask -LRB- since it can be confusing as it is -RRB- , making it less enjoyable . Anyway , buy this game ! Unless you do n't like Zelda games , or if you 're really picky when it comes to graphics , you 'll love this game !!
 It has awesome features and players.Although I ca n't figure out how to `` Bring Down The House '' it 's still great fun . Amazon could have shipped earlier than a week but , it was shipped from New Jersey .
 Dis Be A Ill Game Yo ... U Got Nba Stars And Nba Legends on tha roster , Create A Baller Mode Wit sum fly a $ $ gear from hair , shirts , pants , shoes , glasses , watches , tattos , arm band , wrist bands , and Da Bling -LRB- but to me tha bling looks like stuff i would n't get -RRB- . U Got 2 diff Modes To Keep Ya Busy , Tv Tournament , and Tha Whole Reason To Get Tha Game Rags-2-Riches Mode . R2R Is Tha Only Way To Get Tha Pimpest Ballers Wit Over Tha Wall Baller Skill and Ya Own Crib . U Start Off as a nobody who plays sum tourneys . U win them u get Fresh New Gear and Parts of Ya Crib , and after each completed tourney ur stats improved -LRB- got 16 diff category stats -RRB- . After All Dat U unlock ur baller to play in game modes and ya crib to play at . I recomend dis game cause it 'll keep ya busy to have a top notch baller and to make him look ballerish , Pimp , or sharp . AND finally ... u could but dont have to , u can play tha R2R more than once to unlock more pimp gear u can only unlock in tha R2R Mode . So Over all my 2 cents is dis game is a 10 and keep ya busy , Could Of Done More To Crib And Rides Like Costumize Ur Crib And Ride From Rooms To Rims , but dats sumthing they can keep in mind if theres a NBA BALLERS 2 ... Oh Yea To Bring Down Da House ... once at tha free throw line Press Triangle then once ball is in air press R1 & R2 At same time -LRB- Must Have A Full Hose Meter Tho -RRB-
 Awsome everything . But some choppy seens in the graphics .
 NBA ballers has the most top ranked plaers in the nba from stephun Marbury to t-mac . Followed by most of your favorite nba Ledgends . This show all of your favorite players dropin ' dimes on the court and travel to many of the ballers cribs follow by your created players crib withthe trixeed out cars . So ya viewers must cop this .
 this game has so much bang to it.this is probable the best sports game ever made . its sound track is off the hook . live the fame in ragz to richsor .
 Yo , this game is off da hook . fo shizzel dizzel .
 ITS OFF THE HOOK . i PLAYED IT WHEN i GOT IT AND LOVED IT.YOU CAN KEEP PLAYING AND PLAYING AND YOU WONT GET BORED WITH IT . AND YOU CAN MAKE YOUR OWN BALLER AND BUILD IT UP.i ALSO THINK YOU WILL LIKE THE THEME SONG TO THIS GAME THIS IS A MUST HAVE GAME.THE ONLY THING I DONT LIKE ABOUT THIS GAME IS THAT ITS TO EASY FOR ME.BUT OTHER WISE THIS IS A GOOD , HOT , COOL , GANGSTA GAME YOU MUST GET IT .
 the game has a hole bunch of characters and they can do really cool trix . There are lots of diffrent create-a-player optionsthis game rocks ruls and rumbels
 Ok i checked out da videos on this game and this game is amazing . usually i would say that i could make a better game if i had the chance but this game is all dat and a little bit moreholla back !!!!
 I repeat , who ever gives this game a 1 or 2 stars SUKS !!! THIS IS GAME IS SWEET ... LOOK I HAVE PLAYED EVERY AND I MEAN EVERY GAME TITLE FOR B-BALL ... WHEATER IT BE NBA STREET ... NBA LIVE OR ANY OTHER WORKING TITLE FO B-BALL THIS GAME IS PROBABLY THE BEST ONE SO FAR ! THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING ... WHEN I SAW VINCE CARTER , I THOUGHT THAT I WAS WATCHIN TV !! IT IS SO LIFE LIKE ... THIS GAME IS CHALLANGING . . AND FUN ALL AT THE SAME TIME . . U CANT GET ANY BETTER THEN THIS ... I CAN NOT BELIVE ANYONE COULD GIVE THIS A 1 OR 2 STARS ... I CAN NOT BELIVE IT ... . WHEN THIS GAME COMES OUT FO THE PSP -LRB- WHICH I HAVE -RRB- I AM DEFINATLY GETTIN IT ...
 okay . lets start with the good and bad stuff first . the game 's graphics make u feel that the stars are with u. the rags to riches is really fun . u get to start out on the streets and work ur way up to play the biggest stars . it feels so cool when u finally get 3,000,000 credits and unlock yao ming 's school . yao ming 's school -LRB- can u believe that -RRB- u can also get the houses of stefan marbury , kobe bryant , shaq , vince carter , tim duncan , steve francis , allen iverson and the hall of fame -LRB- thats all i remember -RRB- . you can unlock a whole lotta players and they have lots of cool collectibles that u have to do a certain task to get . see bill walton in a clippers jersey ! get friends , cars , magazines . plus , if you are stuck getting something . just look on a cheat website for the password to get it . the tv tournament 's are really fun becausse if ur stuck on one of them , you can adjust the level to such an easy level . the best feature is the move bringin ' down the house . u get house meter by doing moves . if it 's full , the crowd will go `` too slow , too slow ! '' thats ur cue . press the turbo buttons -LRB- L1 , L2 , R1 -RRB- and press triangle in the lane . you 'll go up for an alley-oop and automatically win the game -LRB- plus get alot of points -RRB- . there 's the good things . now come the bad things . the thing that bothers me the most is that there 's no michael jordan . i 'm from chicago so it really get 's on my nerves.please someone answer me . why is n't there mj ?????? also , sometimes in rags to riches , it 'll become frustrating because u ca n't beat someone . that 's all that 's bad . here is the fun things u might see in nba ballersjohn stockton dunking over shaq.john stockton pointing and trash talking to karl malone.ur friend crying on the side when ur opponent makes an awesome play.gary payton picking up bill russell and throwing him -LRB- forcing him to let go of the ball -RRB- reggie miller bouncing a ball off yao 's head.any player rolling on the ground to cross an opponent.when u pick a player , no matter who it is , the mc will say their name and they 'll make some signals to u.ur opponent lookin ' around when u pass the ball to ur friend.a.i dancin ' around in inside stuff.and finallyyou will see some people pushing each other around when one takes a shot . here are some couples i love to see do thatshaq and kobemagic and larrywilt and bill russelljohn stockton and karl malonelebron and carmeloAND ... well , that 's all i can think of.there u have it , my nba ballers review -LRB- buy it -RRB- !!
 Some NBA/Midway games like Heat or March Madness has had it 's influence on fluid basketball playing over the past 5 years but graphic and plot wise , it did n't offer . There were lack of players , no unlockables and non of the things you 'd expect from a hard worked Basketball game , but NBA Ballers , it 's easy to play , provides equal challenges , has a story mode ` Rags to Riches ' , and best of all , the gameplay . Also , the roster in NBA Ballers is much more respectable and diverse as it represents everything from the early 80s until this very day . No doubt you 'll find today 's established players like Allen Iverson , Stephon Marbury , Kobe Bryant , Kevin Garrnett , LeBron James , Shaq , Rasheed Wallace and Gary Payton , as well as legends like Magic Johnson , Karim Abdul Jabbar , Larry Bird , Karl Malone , Scottie Pippen and more.The gameplay is unique as it provides individual buttons to not confuse the player and making the game complicated . The main aspects of this game is the fact that you control your Juice meter , and whatever player you choose , you 'll have to choose them wisely as they are all not the same . You 'll see Reggie Miller scoring from the 3 point line whereas Jermaine O'Neal ca n't , and the attributes really come into context and plays exceedingly well in this star studded game.The music is subtle as it goes well with the game 's basketball approach . If you liked NBA Street , and are familiar with the Midway NBA games , no doubt you 'll find this game amusing and worth while . It offers the ultimate street basketball experience and never before seen , 1 vs. 1 vs. 1 game mode . The game is strong and you should really check it out .
 This game is great . It has an original plot behind the gameplay and more control over juke moves . You play by 2s and 3s to 11 , winner win by two , with a 2:00 time limit and 24 sec . shot clock . I prefer this game over NBA Street Vol . 2 cause :1 . NBA street is outdated compared to ballers2 . Graphics on players in street look like cartoons . In ballers you can easily tell whos who .3 . You get real one on one action .4 . More realistic , not every shot goes in -LRB- like in street -RRB- 5 . Better courts and game environments -LRB- usually the crib of a player -RRB- 6 . More rewards in ballers.Use trick points to get rewards
 I do n't feel like some the other reviews have given this game a fair chance . First of all , do n't get this game if you are expecting a 5 on 5 , fully officiated game of basketball . What this game gives you is one on one streetball action . Most of the games are best of 3 rounds , first one to 11 by twos and threes with a shotclock and time limit . If you 've seen any of the AND 1 tour mixtapes you 'll have an idea of what kind of basketball this is.Onto the game itself . You have a lot of control on your juke moves -LRB- crossovers , stepbacks , fancy dribbles -RRB- using the right analog stick . You also have an arsenol of humiliation moves that you can do to embarrass your opponent using the square button . This however is less controled than your juke moves.The player models in this game are AMAZING ! Some of the best I 've seen on any game . I 'm a big fan of the NBA and all of the players are instantly reconizable , right down to their tatoos . Animations are dead on street ball , from the dunks to the celebrations players do afterwards . I HIGHLY RECCOMEND this game to anyone looking for an exciting game of basketball .
 wow this game is real fun when u start it.i got it for 35 bux mad cheap.wen i started i played my friend and he won all the time.but i brang it home created my own baller and made him go from rags to riches.i had him gettin the best from hot clothes to hot mansions to chix to hot rides.and i got it all by beatin some ballers like kobe and kidd.u go up against ballers like shaq mutombo nawitzki , on and on.they got legends like doctor j.the only problem i have with it is that ya only play onevone and that gets old real fast.if they included some 3vs3 action it wouldve been much better.and to make a practice mode so that u could practice doin moves by urself not someone standing there and takin the ball away from u.all in all this game is hot , hot trix , dunx , lay ups , everything is hot and anyone who thinx about getting it and is curious about getting this or something else should get ballers and see y people think its so good -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 This is the best 1 on 1 basketball ever . You shake em down and cross them up with the MJ fade-away . You dunk and an all out block .
 I thought NBA Ballers for Playstation 2 was a great game . It gave me plentiful time of entertainment . I liked the clothing selection . I thought the graphics and the gameplay were great . The only problem that got on my nerves was it took a long time to load . I thought it would take forever to find a hairstyle/hat and other clothing that I liked.I LOVED the Rags to Riches Mode and TV Tournament.Overall it is good game and I would still buy it . -LRB- 1-10 -RRB- Graphics
 Man this is a very great game and the muisc is good as well . It features a lot of underground artist that i know about form web sites . A few of them are Ness from the ATL , Jelly Joe from Chicago i believe and Pointgame from rockhill south carolina , and Swif adn Tony Gunz both of Orangeburg , South Carolina . Midway is really making a come back on this . I recommend this game to everyone
 NBA Ballers is a new kind of basketball game . NBA Ballerswas given a five star from me , and you say why ? I put fivebecause it was like Street volume 2 , and Street 2 was aexellent game.This game had new players as well as oldschool players like Larry Bird and Magic Johnson . This game was also great because like they say you ca n't havethe house , cars , money until your a true baller . This gamealso had better graphics than most basketball games . Ithink this is one of the best basketball game sence Street 2 . They did a great job on this game . So lets see if you havethe true baller in you .
 This game rocks the house off of NBA Street , both volumes . Check this game out if you are a real baller .
 this is the best basketball game ever . Their is soo much ice , the gameplay is sick , the graphics are off da chain . If u do n't buy this game , you 'll wished you had .
 I thinks its a good game but some things I was confused on like the rags to riches custom baller . You ca n't change the skins at all .
 NBA ballers is the best game I have ever played . It is so realistic , the graphics are great and there is such a wide choice of things to do you are hooked for hours upon hours .
 This is by far the best game ever . The moves the dunks the bling bling the off the hook cars and the ladies the awsome cribs . Beats any basketball game on the shelve this game deserves 13 stars
 THIS GAME IS SO SICK !!! you have to buy this game it just has the illest moves and the best basketball legends and current superstars . . its all about becoming the number one baller just perfect your skills and youll have it all this game has ill graphics and music a must buy
 Look if you do n't have this game you are straight up wack.the graphics were of the chain . You have to get this game right now . If a store do n't have this game something is wrong . This blows the top off of NBA Street and any other game . All you people who think they a baller younot a baller until you get this !
 I think nba ballers is so awesome it has the cars the women and cribs ... the skills are awesome but the graphics could be better the create a baller is geiness cause of da rags those things are awesome and the wATChes see ya ` ll
 theres no words to explain how sweet this game is . u must buy it
 I recommend this game to nba fans and non nba fans to pick up this great game it has good music its like nba jam with the monster jams.You can even dress up you favorite nba baller or yourself put the jewlery on bling bling u know how it goes PICK THIS GAME UP PLEASE .
 The graphics are so stupid that , Gameboy advance graphics are so better !!
 This game is so fun that I lost 5 hours in a day just playing this game . And I was only up for about 10 hours . I played online , which can be a bit laggy , but it is still fun . The best mode of this game is the Rags to Riches mode . You start as a baller at Rucker in NYC and end up playing on your own crib . Now , I have not unlocked my own personal customizable crib yet , so I am playing at other ballers cribs , such as Stephon Marbury and Kevin Garnett . I recommend this game .
 This game is not the conventional 5-on-5 basketball , but a new version of streetball . There are a lot of items and players that the owner can unlock and play with or against . Also , this game is a great game to play online to humiliate and embarass your friends and gain bragging rights.The graphics , contrary to popular belief , are very good and accurate , down to the player 's face , muscular build , and even tatoos . The game is extremely realistic , with a complete array of streetball moves -LRB- crossover , step-backs , off-the-head dribble , etc. -RRB- Selling for just $ 40 , this game is a deal of a lifetime . Using the almost unlimited options of moves on the controller , this game could have you hooked for hours ! Buy this game , which is better than NBA Street Vol . 1 and 2 put together !!!
 This game is the best . Especially the customising . the online tournaments are very hi-tech and amazing . The idea for online tournaments was genious since you can play somebody around the world and not have them come over your house or you come over their house . this game is better than Street 1 and 2 .
 It has a great consept , with great custimization options ! The details go from Afros to watches.Whoever says this game stinks is totally wrong !
 Let me start out by saying all you people out the who are still clinging to your copy of nba street vol . 2 and think Bonafide is the ultimate baller ... GET REAL !! This game is soooo much better its not even worth getting into it . The charactor customizations are really in depth , it 's got the best sound track of any game I 've played , plus you can aquire your own crib AND ride . You get to choose everything about your crib right down to it 's location . And there is a good selection of cars to choose from you can even pick the color . In summary what I 'm saying is BUY THIS GAME and let nba street go ! IT `` S OUTDATED !!
 This is a fun game . Finnally an NBA basketball game has come where you get to control your characters movements more deeply then just move , pass , shoot , block . If you enjoy games such as tony hawk , where you get to use button combinations to do different moves throughout the game , then you should run out and buy this game .
 Nba Ballers is a great game . It brings you into the world of street ball . it allows you to do anything that is thinkable with a basketball . The best part about the game is throwing alley-oops . my favorite one is called leap frog . they have this one move on the game where you can step off of your opponent and dunk the ball . I give it 2 thumbs up .
 This game is old , but still is very fun to play.NBA Ballers features a ton of NBA Players , including hall of famers and some of today 's all star players -LRB- some of which are retired now , but most of them still play in the leauge -RRB- . Graphics are awesome.Just as great as they were back in 2004 , when this game first came out.Game modes are a blast to play too.Standard one on one , TV Tournament mode , where you can pick a player -LRB- created or an NBA player -RRB- and go up against other NBA players , Rags To Riches mode is really cool.That 's where you can make a baller , play tournaments and make money to upgrade your skills , attire , social circle and even to buy a cool vehicle , plus a really neat unique one vs one vs one mode.There are tons of extras too.Like alt outfits for the players , different types of codes , like match up codes and others , courts you can unlock ... and so much more.NBA Ballers is a great game for any basketball fan.Plus you can get it pretty cheap too.It 's a must buy.Especially for the price.It is WELL worth it .
 I played the demo of it at target and it had all the stars from KG to Kobe to Dunkin ! Then I decided to rent the game , and the best player I started off with was Vince Carter ! You start off with only 3 cribs . The graphics are really good and the moves and Dishing it to DA ' croud . The game modes are awsome like FROM RAGS TO RICHES or 1 vs 1 vs 1 . I 'd buy this game if it was like the demo . It is better tha NBA street 1 or 2 !
 go from rags to riches in this awesome game . You earn money , friends , and rides by doing 1 thing ballin ' .
 the best baskettball game ever . you can do anything on this game like you can buy different cars , different clothes , etc
 when i first heard of thise game i thought it was some stupid bling bling basketball rapping kind of game so i went into zellers with my cousin and i saw the official playstation magizine so of course i bought it for like 10 bucks and i got home and saw the nba ballers demo so i gave it a try and absolutly loved it so i played the demo for a good 5-10 hours and went into town and saw the game pretty expencive when i got it but worth every penny its so fun on the rags to riches make a guy the way you play it so if you do lots of dunks yur guy will have awsome dunks if you take alot of three pointers he will get really good ant 3 pointers and then theres the special moves and there awsome like hot spot you pick a spot on the court for yur scoring chances to increase and fire mode and stunt dunks and the ability to alley oop . i was reading some of the reviews and theres these people that say `` oh its to hard to bring down the house '' thats were you fill up yur trick meter and literally break the net and automatically win the match with like twice the money it is so easy just push triangle with L1 and R1 it always works unless there stupid enough to do it with half the trick meter . All in all thise is better then nba street just cuz street is all old style people . oh and also its one on one its kind of a con and a pro so thats alright the create a player mode is the best one ive used in a while the only problem is you can change the way yur hat is tipped or turned thats just gay alright so if yur thinking of getting it i would . i hate basketball games but i love thise one its weird eh alright then so go out and buy it trust me
 but still a blast to play ! NBA Ballers is an NBA game with attitude . Yous tep in the shoes of the league 's top players -LRB- my favorite being Melo -RRB- , and you `` live '' the `` actual '' life of an NBA player . The environments , game modes , and everything about the game screams attitude and funk and style . But is it a great game or just another visual `` showcase '' game that every playa should have at his crib . Let me explain why it is a bit of both.NBA Ballers obviously has more `` uniqueness '' put into it than gameplay effort . The gameplay is still great , maybe even too complex , but you do n't pick up this game for its gameplay . Speaking of gameplay , there are MANY moves you can pull off . Remembering them all is a chore , but you 'll get the hang of it sooner of later . Hard-core fans of all-star festivities . streetball , and the Harlem Globetrotters will find this right up their alley . If you prefer on-the-court games , you may want to try ESPN NBA Basketball . I am a fan of both styles , so I generally love this game.NBA Ballers has bling , cars , and babes . In fact , you use money that you get from winning to unlock everything from hip-hop honeys to players like Carmelo Anthony and Allen Iverson . Do n't worry about the NBA stars this game has to offer . It has PLENTY . You can find everyone from Kobe to T-Mac to King James in the roster . When looking at the legends menu , that is when the dissapointment sets in . There is no Michael Jordan or David Thompson . They have very few legends , but at least they remembered to include Dr. Julius Erving in the game!There is a mode of play where you create a character , and play off against NBA stars on your way to owning cash , rides , and cribs . Also , this create a player feature is the best ever seen in a game . There is so much bling you will be rubbing your eyes ! But seroiusly , there is a shirt section , a hat section , a bling section , a sunglasses section , and they are all packed with probably around 50 items . You can even tip your hat the way you want it . Do n't like it on the left ? Well , you can just put it on the right . You can also purchase NBA jerseys , shorts , and warmup gear , as well as player 's tattooes.The graphics are outstanding . The player models are the best ever seen in a sports game . You can see every mole on Steve Nash 's head , every curve on Melo 's corn rows . It is almost scary looking at these players . The environments are awesome in color and detail . Did I mention that they are also at players ' cribs ? That 's right . You want to play at T-Mac 's Florida home ? Go for it . -LRB- Of course , he is in Houston now . -RRB- The sound is standard . It features bland , but original rap tracks from some well-known and unknown artists . Also , the commentary from MC Supernatural -LRB- ? -RRB- is just really , really sad . You want good commentary and music for a street ball game . Follow NBA Street 's lead.Obviously a lot of work went into this good game . The creators worked very closely with the player 's association and the player 's themselves . Everything from pictures to bling is authentic . The gameplay is great , with T-mac style alley-oops and A.I. 's mad crossovers . You can do just about everything in this game . Maybe it 's because so much work went into this game that being just a good came makes it feel as if it is n't quite good enough . Definitely a terrific game for my fellow hoop fanatics .
 I 'll be honest -- I bought this game for the bling-bling . I wanted to play basketball and be able to upgrade my character 's appearance like in SSX3 . The addition of houses , jewelry , and real NBA stars makes it all the sweeter!StoryThere are several different play modes -LRB- tournament , online , quickplay -RRB- , but the one that makes this title stand out is `` Rags to Riches '' mode . You begin as a nobody , singled out by TV network executives as someone whose path they want to follow from ballin ' on the street against local thugs to playing against big name NBA stars.CharactersYour character can be as customized as much as you like
 Great game ! Only complaint is that there isnt as many game options as I would have liked . Great Create-a-player mode though . If you like options this might not be the game for you . Made by Midway , I 'm not really a fan of them but they did a great job with this .
 This is the coolest game in the world . The & quot ; Rags To Riches & quot ; mode is awesome , and the dunks are insane . I love basketball games like NBA Live 2004 -LRB- great game as well -RRB- but this game is just pure talent . The create a player is & quot ; Off The Hizzle & quot ; -LRB- move in the game -RRB- anywayz , just wanted to say
 this game is so cool i mean look at the crossovers what game can you bring the ball around someones head and throw it throw it threw there legs and what game can you jump on your opponets back and dunk
 Most things I Review I say yep or nope . So I &#8217; m short about 19 0r so words for your review .
 I do agree with the previous reviewer , this game is just like Spy Hunter . The multiplayer does sound cool although I have n't tried it yet . The levels in spy hunter were fantastic . Tons of action was happening , and there were levels like the streets of prague and stuff . Stuff like that . I loved it . This game starts out a lot slower . The levels start out crappy with barely anything cool looking . They do get better though . Also , they decided to add in some crappy missions . The most stupid is the one at the beggining where you have to protect a van then a plane . Or the boat one later in the USA where you have to protect a tanker . It 's stupid when you ca n't just take the wheel and kill everything in sight.I would buy the original , it is so incredibly cheap right now . This game does have some fun car action that is n't frustrating but the original is still better . Still , this game is fun and is really easy to learn . Anyone who has n't played the original should definitely give this one a try.Also , I would like to elaborate a little more about the levels . After comparing 1 and 2 's levels ... . Spy Hunter has fantastic looking levels with tons of action . However , Spy Hunter 2 has levels that have less going on and are extremely boring compared to those of Spy Hunter 1 . I would buy the original over this one .
 I previously got this game oh I could n't wait till I got home . When I played the game I thought wow could anything be better than this.This game has good graphics '' Better than the first one `` I like it because it 's easy . The reason I gave it 3 stars is because it 's very short . Happy Playing .
 If you remember and liked the NBA Jam series for Super Nintendo you 'll love the PS2 version of this game . This is n't regular basketball , it 's 3 on 3 with nothing but slams , ally oops and other trick shots . If you like games such as NFL Blitz or NBA Street you 'll love this game.The graphics are absolutely awesome , players get tired in this game and show it with hands on knees and heavy breathing . You get the option to replace players at halftime , which is a great feature.There 's also a tournament feature where you can pick a team from today and play teams from the past . It starts in the 1950s in black and white and you go through the years up to the present day . It 's an absolutely amazing feature , the black and white game play and commentary that sounds like it 's from the 50s is very cool.The only drawback I 've found to the game is the AI seems to get an advantage to catch up if you get ahead of it too far in the game . I 've picked the Lakers which is the best team in the game and not been able to blow out a mediocre rated team such as the Jazz .
 I loved this game when I played it on the Sega Genesis , and I was happy that they updated it and manufactured it for the PS2.It 's just as fun as the original with a lot of extras . You can play the regular NBA Jam game as well as a Legendary Tournament , which you can play with players from the 70 's to the present . You can make your own team and even make your own player . You can unlock courts that you can play on , and other extras.The only thing is that the opponents are not as easy to beat as the original , no biggie , it 's just as fun or even better.If you buy this game you will totally be happy with your purchase .
 I actually like this game better than the Genesis version . This version is a suped-up version of the classic game we grew up loving as kids . The graphics are awesome , the dunks are better and the hot spots are fantastic . My favorite part is the create-a-player concept . You can create a super player that is just about as good as I am in real life , you know always on fire from the outside , can dunk from 20 feet out , you know fun stuff.Other great aspects : You can unlock super teams including monsters , machines aliens , presidents , world leaders , etc. . The tournament mode is also stellar . It is pretty much the same as the original version , but for whatever reason it is more fun . You can also unlock more cheats , more arenas , and more other stuff I ca n't remember.My only problem is that you can only create one guy . You should be able to make more , so that you can have the greatest team ever , even more than the 2001 Washington Wizards.So if you like the original , pick this one up too , chances are you 'll like it .
 just a bit better and still the most fun basketball game out there .
 This game is awesome . It takes a while to get used to having three people on a team instead of two like the old NBA JAM games , but after that , it 's all good . Beating legends like Larry Bird and Magic Johnson gives you a certain sense of satisfaction . Also , for the less serious players , there are cool new teams to unlock with characters including a vampire and aliens . I reccomend this game to anyone who liked the old NBA JAMs and new fans of the game .
 I 've bought this game for my nephew and Holy Crap was he having fun ! Says it plays better than all the other basketball games out there . Tons of arcade fun!Boom - shaka-laka !
 I love this game ! It 's fun , it has pretty good graphics , and the gameplay is awesome ! I love the ally-oops ! They 're very easy to execute , and fun ! The hot spots are cool ! The dunks are cool too ! One thing though , how do you do a there and back again ? The CPU always does that move against me , but I do n't know how to do it . Well , other than that , this game is great . You wo n't get bored easily ! It 'll take you a while to get bored with THIS game !
 greatgame , greatpriceif you are thinking about buying this game buy it you want be disappointed
 I have mixed feelings about in it 1 player mode since I 've played little of the game that way . I love the 2 player mode . Some teams seem to be ridiculous on how much they knock your players over if you get anywhere near them . Like get a rebound & almost before you can touch the ground or even get a pass off , they knock you down . That gets old fast . Other than cheat codes there 's no difficulty setting either . That would 've been nice.I love the amount of unlockable teams & players on the game . You can instantly access all of them by entering - LPP - as your profile . Then you can also create 4 teams of 4 using these players . You can also add 1 create player per profile that can play on any team . Sadly there 's no Jordan , Hakeem , Stockton , etc. but teams I could build included : Lakers - Magic , Worthy , & JabbarCeltics - Ainge , Bird , McKale , & ParishSonics - Payton , Schrempf , & Kemp -LRB- guest starring Chambers -RRB- Magic - A. Hardaway , H. Grant -LRB- in Bulls attire -RRB- , Shaq - added Pippen & created Jordan for split Bulls team.Blazers - Drexler , Ainge -LRB- in Celtics attire -RRB- , B. Williams , C. Robinson -LRB- from Pistons -RRB- is also pos.I mostly watched basketball during the 90 's so those were some of my favorites to put together.There are also some wild , fun teams like Aliens , Fright -LRB- Vampire . Wolfman , & Invisible Man -RRB- , Pirates , USA Legends -LRB- Washington , Lincoln , & Franklin -RRB- , Clowns , World Conquerors -LRB- Kahn , Caesar , & Napoleon -RRB- , & Robots .
 this one is way fun ! other games go for realism , this is game-play joy . graphics are good , game flows well , does n't take an hour to finish , is easy to learn but tough to master ... good for hours of fun .
 This game is a really good game . You should buy it . It 's really cool . You can power up and do crazy and cool dunks . It 's worth it .
 This is the kind of game that gets you going and the more I play the better it get 's . Love stealing the ball and catching fire . This game rules multi player . Just watching the pain in your freinds face and voice is worth the price . Have n't played single player much but very few games can drag me into that .
 It is one of the best straight up slammin ' b-ball gamesI 've played ! No wasted time on the whole building phase , Just play and SLAM ! reminds me of arcade play ...
 Great graphics!Great gameplay!Definetly worth the purchase , no regrets .
 This game is hot . This is a f# c & ing good kick a $ $ game . You should get this game . Its very cool . You can dunk and all that s@it .
 Hola boys and girls , Here 's the deal , Hitz is the best hockey game on the market . Let me tell you why . Being a huge hockey fan -LRB- Go Avalanche ! -RRB- for a number of years I have always checked out each new hockey game to come along . EA was doing good until the last 3 years and now they 're franchise has gone down the tubes . ESPN has an alright game , but there is only a certain amount of realism that I care to digest . I play hockey games because they 're fast , hard hitting , and damn fun.With that in mind , Hitz is the best franchise around . You get extremely hard hitting -LRB- I love knocking players through the glass -RRB- , nice physics , great competition -LRB- depending on what difficulty setting you have it on -RRB- , and now we have 5-on-5 hockey . What 's not to like about this game?A lot of people have claimed that the hitting has toned down . What ?!?! My friend and I got 333 hits in one game , that 's not toned down . The fighting system is a little on the crappy side of things , but it 's bearable . EA has the best fighting system by far . There are a few glitches in the grapics every now and then , but nothing to worry about.Online play is quite fun . The only problem with online play is beating the crap out of someone and then having them quit before the end of the game . The game lags a little when playing online as well , but it 's also bearable . That 's to be expected though.Another issue I have with the grapics is the players ' hair . What the hell is with their hair ? Could they at least attempt to make the hair look realistic . Plus their faces look a little goofy at times.Line changes are new to this year 's edition , but I 'm disappointed that you ca n't change on the fly . I would love to be able to have a nice flow to the game without having to freeze the puck so that I can change lines . That 's a minor issue , but it 's just something I would like to see changed.Here 's another big issue
 I think this game really hit it on the mark - it 's fast paced , great graphics , entertaining , easy to pick up and play , and adds lots of fun to the game of hockey . The slightly `` over-th-top '' play allows you to check players through the glass and catch on fire , among other things . The most entertaining feature for me was the ability to alter your players appearance . You can make them taller or shorter or fatter or leaner . then you even alter the SIZE OF THEIR HEADS , LEGS , ARMS , STOMACHS , AND CHEST -LRB- I gave my goalie one enormous melon -RRB- . It 's hilarious and entertainment by itself.I also like the ability to play in a parking lot and a pond . It added a lot of variety to game play.It 's definitely the best hockey game out there ... loads of fun . I highly recommend a purchase !
 After playing EASports NHL 2003 on my brother-in-law 's Game Cube , I knew I had to get a hockey game for the ole ' PS2 . This was the newest version of any title at the electronics emporium -LRB- the next most recent was NHL 2002 -RRB- , so it 's what I nabbed.The graphics do n't seem quite as sharp as the EA game -LRB- no sleeve numbers on the jerseys , for example -RRB- but the PS2 controller is easier to use -LRB- at least to me -RRB- , the action seems a little quicker and after just an hour of play , I checked a Russkie right through the glass - major kudos!The coolest feature , though , is the `` pick-up '' games - three different rinks and `` regular joe '' teams beating the snot out of each other in a race to a set number of goals . Good fun ! It 'd be even better if there was an option to create your own pick-up teams , as you can in the franchise mode -LRB- and a wider selection of team names for frachises would n't hurt either -RRB- . If you 're looking for a good video hockey game , there might be choices that are arguably better , but this 'n is a load o ' fun - any game where the Blue Jackets can beat the Avalanche by seven goals has to be good !
 This NHL game is a blast . I did n't like the previous NHL Hitz titles because of the larger-than-life players , only 4 men on the ice , etc. . This latest version is a real improvement . Regulation 5 men on the ice , realistic player sizes , and lots of fun to play . I have tried all the 2003-04 NHL games and I enjoy this one the most.p.s. , GO SHARKS !!
 Simply the greatest hockey game since nhl 96 .
 Okay , i got this game unexpectedly for my birthday and i ca n't thank my parents enough now . instead of getting me nhl 2004 , they got me this . this game is wayyyyyyyy better . the graphics are great , the gameplay is much more fun , and this game is much more realistic , even though that may sound wrong seeing as this is part of the hitz series . they improved this game and made it very real , with the exception of some monster hits which just add to the fun factor . all the rosters are updated , including hasek on the wings and there are two differnet franchise modes . one you can do a fantasy draft or pick an existing them and play with them , and the other you take a team that is almost like a minor league team and win a certain amount of games then get invited to the pros . both modes are very in depth with trading and free agency , unlike previous midway games . Overall , if i could , i would give this game a 10 but ill just have to give it 5 .
 Ok , this new nhl now has 5 on 5 as opposed to the old two which i also have . This has a huge advantage as that there is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay more action and there wont be like 10 minutes of a guy skating to the other end of the rink , so thats 1 good point . But the best part of this game is that the checks are just stupid , they put rules in so if you check someone who isnt near the puck then you get punished for it but with the puck you can do whatever the hell you like to your victim . This includes knocking them 30 metres back and blasting them through glass at the side , things that you would get killed for in real life . They have team horns if you are at home increasing the hockey mood . The games golies are way more realistic aswell . In the old games a one on one was a defanite goal as the golies really wernt that good . Now you really have to work them around to beat them , you can use the new `` wrap around '' feature but to make it work you usually have to fake a slap shot . The fighting in this game is fun as your reactions help more in this version . But the guy who loses their team soesnt get fire when the other team does but both players go off for a certain amount of time . Fantasy draft is an option in season mode if you want a personal team.Overall the most addictive ice smasher around , great game , get it .
 This game has been a blast . The character options in franchise is worth the purchase of this game alone . Not to mention the checking through the glass . Also , if hard hits is n't your thing , there are plenty of customization options to make a game that suits you better . I wish there was better fighting , but the hits on the ice suit my taste . Recommend to all who love hockey .
 not to be confused as a shill from Midway , but I simply had to give a little balance to the one poor review for this title ... mind you , I have n't actually * played * this game yet , but I 've spent the last hour researching which hockey game I 'll purchase for the pS2 this year and I 'm leaning towards NHL Hitz Pro ... in the tradition of the ` EA Big ' sports line , Midway seems to be going for a no-frills approach to the Hockey genre . If you 're a ` true ' hockey fanatic , and enjoy the subtle frustrations of changing lines and such , you 'll want to invest in either EA 's or Sega 's -LRB- ESPN -RRB- hockey sim options -- For the rest of us who could take or leave quasi-realistic Hockey simulations and prefer fun to authenticity , this is clearly the best bet . A major improvement from last years offering , Midway has carved out a comfortable niche with this title .
 This game is good for hours of endless entertainment . If you like big hits , fights , and broken glass then this game has it all . The great game of hockey packed with more of the great hits you love ! I recommend this game for any hockey lover .
 Best game play and the most fun to hit someone . It 's a nice mix of the arcade style and the & quot ; sim & quot ; style . They nailed this one .
 i love this game , the goalies are unreal , well for those of us who play legend or allstar , but wow , this game has it all , franchise-pond hockey like come on , itl take lots to upgrade.keep makin games like this , and we will be set
 THIS IS THE BEST HOCKEY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED SAME WITH MY FRIENDS
 Great game play , glass-shattering hits , and more real than ever !
 i do n't even like hockey , but this game friggin rocks
 The original arcade version of this game is in my gameroom - and I still play it . I was hoping that the two might be similar ... and they 're NOT . This version might be better ... granted it 's 20 years COOLER and NEWER . Let 's start with the fact that while there is no SUPER gratuitious violence ... the language is a CLEAR `` R '' rating earner . The sound track is good -- but not fantastic ... some good songs , but they get old after the 43RD TIME ... The game play is quite good -- an open world to explore and hidden drug stashes to find while you complete a variety of missions in the GTA mold -- get the camera and take pictures of the drug gang ... save the ambassador from the assassins ... currency and drugs are found by busting drug dealers and muggers in your city . You can even pick up a bit of extra cash for health boxes by selling some of the contraband you recover . In a pinch in a gunfight ??? A little dab of crack will go a LONG way in that situiation , although it wo n't help your badge rating . So bust some more perps to get it back up on the way to your meet with the guy selling the rocket launcher.The game is not that difficult ; I 'm 6 hours into game play , moving steadily , it is absorbing enough to keep me interested . The dialogue is not as cheesy as in some games , thankfully , but I think a wider variety of `` canned '' responses from the men/women/pushers on the street would give it a much nicer sound.My biggest problem with the game is the uncooperative camera . While you do control the view , from time to time your perspective swings into a wall or building and you ca n't see what you are doing -- this is especially annoying when you are trying to snap your cuffs on a perp in very limited `` cuffing '' window.The key here is that this game SELLS FOR $ 19.00 !!!!!! What were they thinking ??? While this is probably NOT the Game Of The Year , it is FAR superior to MANY far more expensive games . If you are thinking of trying ANY of the GTA series , but do n't know if you will like the format -- get this game . If you are looking for a few hours or non-pharmaceutical recreation , get this game . If you are under 14 -- ASK YOUR PARENTS -- then get this game !!!
 In this game , you play as a undercover drug cop . Will you be a good cop or bad cop ? That is up to you.The comparisons to this game and GTA are fair . The graphics are somewhat similar , and you have the option to play missions or free roaming sandbox play . However , unlike GTA , this game does n't have any vehicles that you can ride in . Also , NARC seems to take place only at night -LRB- there is no change in day time or weather conditions -RRB- . What seperates this game from GTA -LRB- other then playing as the good guy -RRB- is the drug aspect . Just about every popular street drug is in this game , and if you choose to be a bad cop you can take them -LRB- and see the effects -RRB- . Also , the fighting engine in this game is much better then GTA . You can grapple , throw , hancuff , tackle , ect -LRB- and there is a super arrest move meter -RRB- . The aim for the guns is hard to get used to , but it is n't horrible.If you want to see the effects of drugs , play this game and stay clear of the real ones .
 Are you a GTA fan ??? Need something to tide you over until the next installment of GTA ??? Then buy Roadkill to tide you over . At the 19.99 price point you can not go wrong ! I purchased the game for 39.99 and have no regrets.This is a combination of Mad Max + GTA + Twisted Metal . Although it lacks alot of originality -LRB- reason for the 4 star rating -RRB- it throws a few surprises in . The game is influenced most by GTA.GTA INFLUENCES
 I 'm a big fan of car combat style games , and this game really hit the spot for me . You wo n't be able to play Twisted Metal after you try this . The missions are varied , controls are great and talk radio is hysterical . Most missions put you behind the wheel , while others have you manning the machine gun turret . The AI is very good , for example if you hang around too much in one spot , your rival gangs will find you and strat coming down on you pretty hard , so the game forces you to keep moving . The story is your average post-apocalypse B-movie , but that 's what these games are all about , right ? : -RRB- Just be aware that this game fully takes advantage of its `` M '' rating
 What 's great about this game is that you can pretty much ignore the missions for as long as you need to and just perform randoms acts of violence . It would have been great if there was a way for you to switch weapons , as opposed to using the last item you picked up .
 The control you get over the vehicles in this games is amazing , it blows GTA away , I am totally addicted to this game , the first 45 minutes was questionable I was n't sure what was going on but as soon as I started to play the missions the whole game changed , it 's very cool.At the start of each mission there are very funny cut scenes that are outrageous and as you progress through it the vehicles and weapons get better an better.The really amazing thing is I am finding myself simply driving around and doing jumps and tricks and ignoring the missions , driving the cars is so much fun you will forget about the missions totally.This game gets 5 stars from me ! Total addiction is the name of this game .
 I first rented this title to see how I would like it . After about five hours , I returned the game to my videostore , marched to EB and bought my own copy . The pitch is that it 's a mix of Grand Theft Auto and Twisted Metal and it delivers a perfect mix of the two while integrating enough of its own unique flavor to keep things interesting.I have to say , I was completely blown away by how deep and well executed this game is . The graphics are outstanding -LRB- especially the explosions -RRB- , the car control is perfect for the type of game it is . The missions are well designed and lots of fun . The cut scenes are hilarious.I think I 'm about two thirds through the single player mission sequences with about 15 hours played so far . That said , there 's tons of things for me to still find in the environments outside of the actual missions.I spent six hours straight playing the multiplayer modes with friends the other night and this has IMMEDIATELY become our favorite multiplayer game . We have n't had this much fun with multiplayer games since Goldeneye back on the N64.About the only caveat I have is that this is a SUPER mature title . The profanity and gore is off the charts . It is definitely not a title for the kiddies .
 For 19.99 , you CAN NOT go wrong with this game . Heed the 'M ' rating , because it is rude , crude and lewd , lots of gore -LRB- pedestrians often get stuck in/under your vehicle and get dragged , while their blood actually spatters the screen for a few seconds -RRB- , so say `` No '' to the kiddies . This game is basically what it claims to be on the box , `` Twisted Metal
 Although I 'd like to write a long review about how awesome Roadkill 's graphics and missions are , or about how great the gameplay is -LRB- all of which are true -RRB- , I think the sweetness of Roadkill should just be summed up by one event in the game ... getting a pedestrian caught on your bumper and dragging him to his death . Genius . I love it
 Total vehicular mayhem ! Great graphics , better music , overall awesome destruction . Wish there were more character choices , but the rest of the game makes up for it . Recommend to those who loved playing twisted metal .
 Road Kill is a game with self explanatory title and general plot line . You are Mason Strong , a complete nobody that has a talent for operating any and all manner of car , truck , and van etc. . Also , each vehicle has its various strenghs and weaknesses -LRB- as is the case with any sort of video game -RRB- . For extreme destruction impluses that a gamer may have , this title can address those very handily . Any vehicle you have in your possession is capable of causing intense mayhem and general grief on anyone unlucky enough to get in the way .
 This game is for anyone who loved Twisted Metal and also those who enjoyed Grand Theft Auto . Just up your expectations a little because this title offers tons of vehicles , unique game play , and crazy missions .
 Total vehicular mayhem !!!!! Nice graphics , better sounds , great destruction . Recommend to those who enjoyed twisted metal type games .
 i bought this expecting more a racing style game like twisted metal or vigilante 8 , but the game is more like grand theft auto mixed with twisted metal . there is n't any racing , the missions and gameplay are much closer to gta . its a bit more limited than gta because your character never leaves the car , but the game certainly follows that style.the controls are kinda wonky and chasing after other drivers can be kind of hard , but the outrageous levels of violence and mayhem more than make up for it . the game is brutal and bloody and offensive and incredibly fun . way bloodier than grand theft auto and more foul-mouthed as well , especially the talk radio channel , which is hilarious in a crude way . just driving around and getting into car chase gun battles with random other cars is way more fun than it should be , and then there are the jumps and obstacles and the post-apocalyptic scenery to keep you entertained . it 's not exactly a `` deep '' game and after awhile the missions will probably get tedious and repetitive , but it 's got a great sense of style and the fast-paced vehicle mayhem will give anyone their money 's worth .
 Too bad the guy can not get out of the car like GTA . Overall it is a good game for an adult .
 I have seen a few blasts go at this one because it is VERY mature , it is n't twisted metal yet it is n't GTA . Who cares ? It is the NEXT evolution of car combat , and congrats and bravo to Terminal Reality for raising the bar on car combat . This one is a keeper for sure .
 There are many types of weapons to choose from . I like the cluster rocket , laser trip mine , scatter gun , homing missile , minnie gun , and EMP . You can go airborne .
 This is a great bundle . Tortuga and Port Royale II are similar games that give the player the opportunity to sail between several Carribean islands and amass a fortune by either trading , taking contracts/missions , pirating , or a combination of all styles . Patrician is more town based and emphasizes RTS style play centered on a successful economy.Viewpoint in all three games varies depending on what you are doing . Port Royale and Patrician use an isometric view in towns , while Tortuga uses a landscape style `` view from the sea '' interface . Players may select buildings to open menus that pertain to each particular structures function . Tortuga and PR use an overhead view while the player is at sea , using a blown up map of the islands to travel.All three titles are fun and have their own unique merits . I prefered Tortuga as it offered what I thought was a superior level of gameplay balance . PR , however , has an added bit of depth that allows the player to actually build structures on islands and start producing products to sell . This offers a nice added bit of depth and challenge as it then becomes necessary to make sure your factories have raw materials , make sure you have an adequate workforce , and make sure your workforce has housing etc. . I have played Patrician least of the the 3 which accounts for my limited comments.While a little dated graphically all three titles offer solid gameplay experiences at a remarkably affordable price . Additionally , there are not too many current generation games that offer similar gameplay .
 I appreciated the referral for this product . I was looking for a good pirate game -LRB- other than Sid Meier 's -RRB- , and I came across Tortuga and Patrician III on Amazon . But one reviewer mentioned that there are three titles in one bundle for only $ 20 -LRB- or less -RRB- . So I ended up buying Buccaneer 's Bounty instead.That said , I have had the opportunity to play all three titles of this bundle . -LRB- I 've owned it for a couple months now . -RRB- I am really impressed with each of the game developers ' initiative and even historical accuracy . You can tell by playing each one of these games that the developers were looking to make the best titles they could . None of these are just rinky-dink throw-togethers . All three are done professionally -LRB- very few bugs or glitches , quality instruction manuals , and loads of features -RRB- . So if you are looking for quality pirate titles , there are three right here in this bundle , and it is for a good price.What you will also notice is that CargoLargo sells this game bundle the cheapest . That is whom I chose , though it was hard to tell if I received the package in original condition . Either way , all three games install on your hard drive such that you do n't have to have the CD in order to play them.The games themselves are real fun , but are completely different in almost all ways , though you might notice a very few similarities between all three . But they hold to the basic pirate game interface
 Worth buying just because it includes Port Royale 2 . Generic packaging does not do these games justice . I suppose not all game companies can afford to print manuals . It would have been nice , but I had played Port Royale 1 previously and PR2 did not let me down at all ! Its worth the purchase just for that game , really.I have yet to try Patrician3 or the other game .
 My husband wanted this game because he all ready owned `` Port Royal 2 '' of this game and maxed out all the options of that game but wanted a variety so now he is stuck on `` Patrician 3 '' of this game . He said that `` P3 '' is more in depth than `` PR2 '' & if you do n't have some help with `` P3 '' than it gets maddening . To help him out I did some digging on `` P3 '' since there is no guide available for this game & he has used this site alot to help him get through it ! This forum for `` P3 '' will help you get through a lot of troubled spots of this game . -LRB- Copy & paste the link into your web browser if the link is n't direct -RRB- http://www.ascaron-forum.com/postlist.php?Cat=&Board;=FAY_Patrican_3&page;=0&view;=collapsed&sb;=5&o;=If you are a wife this is a great game to keep your husband occupied for weeks
 This is pretty good over all as you get a different setting each game . The sea battles are n't to good but overall for the price was pretty good . I enjoy the game play and sea battles in Pirates better
 I first rented this title to see how I would like it . After about five hours , I returned the game to my videostore , marched to EB and bought my own copy . The pitch is that it 's a mix of Grand Theft Auto and Twisted Metal and it delivers a perfect mix of the two while integrating enough of its own unique flavor to keep things interesting.I have to say , I was completely blown away by how deep and well executed this game is . The graphics are outstanding -LRB- especially the explosions -RRB- , the car control is perfect for the type of game it is . The missions are well designed and lots of fun . The cut scenes are hilarious.I think I 'm about two thirds through the single player mission sequences with about 15 hours played so far . That said , there 's tons of things for me to still find in the environments outside of the actual missions.I spent six hours straight playing the multiplayer modes with friends the other night and this has IMMEDIATELY become our favorite multiplayer game . We have n't had this much fun with multiplayer games since Goldeneye back on the N64.About the only caveat I have is that this is a SUPER mature title . The profanity and gore is off the charts . It is definitely not a title for the kiddies .
 I bought this today and I was expecting just average but good game . Well I have played it for like an hour now and I ca n't turn my Gamecube off . This game combines Manhunt , Twisted Metal and Grand Theft Auto all into one and makes it better . I should never have doubted this game because damn is it ever good . I can say one thing though do not I repeat do not let any kids play this because their is , nudity , swears , blood , gore , brutality , and death in almost every cutscene . The game is easy , fun , challenging at times and simple to put it everything plays nice . I reccomend this to anyone over 18 below that do n't even think about it because it 's that bad . The frame rate runs at 60 FRPS the controls are easy then anything the map in confusing at first but nothing too hard , ahhhhh just play it thats all I can say I could go on forever.Graphics / 4.5 / 5Sound / 5/5Controls / 4.5 / 5Gameplay / 5/5This game which I thought would be ok not spetacular turned out to be near perfect . Best car game I have ever played , and I have seen them all .
 I must admit it was below my expectations , but it was also the first car combat game I 've purchased for the cube ... But , after playing it for 5 hours so far and having completed the first city -LRB- there 's a total of 3 -RRB- , I can say it 's worth it . It all boils down to searching for hidden pieces of weapons and car blueprints , and also completing missions , that ultimately brings this game to life , much alike GTA3.You may have to disable the rumble feature at times because when enemies chase you , they chase you , which at times can not be avoided . . and the machinegun fire on your tail virtually turns your controller into a vibrator . . And , as the above reviewer said , lots and lots of gore and profanity .
 This game is veryfun . I remember playing it as a kid and the funniest thing about it was the radio station in the game where the . Hosts talk about weapons . that 's the only reason I bought the game . But it is a classic game . It 's like twisted metal but with a killer soundtrack .
 if you like fast cars , real storyline , compeling quest , but want multiplayer availablity than this is the game for you . apx 40 vehicls to use . simulare to twisted metel in that the cars are custumisble with wepons , but also like gta becuse you can explore the city via foot if you want to . this game is dificult to explain , but if you liked both gta , and twisted metal . than you will probly like this game .
 There 's a steady list of classic compilation games coming out these days , and the Sega Genesis Collection brings nearly thirty classic Genesis games to the PS2 , and they all look , sound , and play like their original , 16-bit counterparts . Many of the games here we have n't seen on previous Sega compilations , like Alex Kidd , Bonanza Bros. , Shadow Dancer , Ristar , Decap Attack , Sword of Vermillion , Super Thunder Blade , and Shinobi 3 to go along with faves like Sonic 1 & 2 , the Golden Axe trilogy , Comix Zone , Altered Beast , Flicky , the Ecco trilogy , and the Phantasy Star games , which thankfully includes the overlooked classic Phantasy Star IV , which along with II and III , is worth the price of admission alone . Vectorman 1 & 2 are here as well , and so is the Genesis version of Virtua Fighter 2 , which is the only real weak spot of the compilation as it is just as muddy , slow , and buggy as it was when released on the Genesis years ago . There 's a good amount of extras as well , including many interviews with developers , and unlockable games like the arcade version of Altered Beast and Zaxxon . Sadly though , some games which longtime fans may have wanted to see here , like the Streets of Rage trilogy , Revenge of Shinobi , Shining in the Darkness , Shining Force , Landstalker , and Eternal Champions would have been more than welcome , although many of them are available on previous compilations . All in all , the Sega Genesis Collection is a wonderful compilation of some of the best Genesis games ever , and for longtime fans of the classic console , this is a must have .
 This is a collection of Sega Genesis 16-bit console games . Sega Genesis made its debut in 1989 and the console came with the game Altered Beast . Some games still look pretty decent today with sharp and colorful graphics . There are 28 genesis games in this collection with 5 more unlockable . It baffles me that Sega do n't make a true arcade collection ... . or mix more arcade games in this collection and name it Sega Hits or whatever . This Genesis collection is much better than the horrendous Sega Classics Collection from last year.There are too many action platform games in this collection therefore most games have similar gameplay . Its sad that Streets of Rage , Space Harrier , Outrun and Revenge of Shinobi are not in this collection.Here are the games : Alex Kidd in The Enchanted Castle , 1989
 This game caught me by suprise . I saw it in the store , checked out the back and I ended up purchasing the game later on . I figured it was going to be one of the old school collection games that has mostly garbage with a few good games strung in there . I could n't be more wrong ... this is mostly amazing games with a few not-so-great hits strung in there.Once I got this game home I decided to pop this game into the PS2 and see what was on the disk . I was amazed to see so many games - but not only that ... I was amazed to see so many GOOD games . These are the games I used to play as a kid . I recognized quite a few of them.My favorite games on the disk are Altered Beast , Alex Kidd , Decap Attack , Golden Axe Series -LRB- I , II and III -RRB- , Phantasy Star II , III and IV . Sonic The Hedgehog 1 and 2 , Shinobi III , Vectorman 1 and 2 . That 's a total of 14 games that I absolutely loved as a kid and still love to this day . The other games in this collection are good too , such as the Ecco series , Comix and a few others ... most of the other ones are games I have n't played before -LRB- except Super Thunder Blade ... but that game is a bit iffy in my opinion -RRB- . Another reviewer here provides a good breakdown of all of the games in this collection.The biggest suprise was the Phantasy Star series . You get II , III and IV !! Phantasy Star IV is considered by many to be one of the greatest RPGs of all time . Just this series is worth the measley $ 20.00 price tag . There are hundreds of hours of nostalgic gameplay in this collection . All games are emulated very well and look fantastic.If you are looking for a great collection of old-school games then look no further . It 's hard to beat this package . With so many great games in here you are sure to be playing with this collection for hundreds of hours . If you are n't familiar with any of these games then I still urge you to pick this up . A lot of games in this series have stood the test of time and are still very fun - even by todays standards .
 Ok , so why rate this perfect ? Well i see it like this . Phantasy Star 2,3 , and 4 is on this compilation , which i would pay $ 20 for easy . All these other games are just a bonus , and many of them are actually good ! It 's a steal and if you feel uncomfortable about playing Phantasy Star 2 without playing the original , then pick up the Phantasy Star collection for the GBA if you have one . What buy a collection for GBA then buy this one ? Well the GBA collection does not have PS4 but it does have the original and the original is worth the price of the collection . So you might be saying , `` Phantasy Star this , Phantasy Star that . What if I do n't like Phantasy Star ! '' Well then this compilation wo n't be worth that much to you , unless you really like golden axe , shinobi and the ecco series -LRB- suck in my opinion -RRB- . You wo n't find any streets of rage here , which is unfortunate , since those who do n't like PStar would find more worth to this compilation if it had it . If you like and want Phantasy Star , then buy this compilation !
 It 's important to keep in mind that many of these games are now selling for $ 8 a piece on the Wii 's Virtual Console . Also , Sega recently released the first Sonic the Hedgehog game for $ 20 on the GBA . So you 're getting huge value for your money by buying this collection instead.I never played any of these games before -LRB- I was a Nintendo kid -RRB- , so nostalgia is n't clouding my view . I just like a good game , and I can appreciate gaming history when I see it.Ths slow platformers I could do without - Alexx Kid , Decap Attack , Ristar - they 're just not my thing.But everything else is just top-notch , whether you 're in the mood for a fun , co-op multiplayer game , a hardcore action game , an epic RPG , or just a mesmerizing puzzle game.On top of all the fantastic games , you 're also getting interviews with the developers , pictures of the box art , and little `` Did You Know ? '' facts about each game . The whole thing also runs in Progressive Scan , which is nice -LRB- although hardly noticeable , for obvious reasons -RRB- . Overall - this is not just a collection for Sega fans , nor just a cheaper way to get all these old classics in one package . It 's just a great buy for anybody who loves games , and understands the fact that what makes a game `` good '' is n't bump-mapping or high-def output .
 Having recently purchased `` Sega Genesis Collections '' , I can say that I have n't been this pleased with a $ 19.99 game in a long , long time . As the title of this review indicates , this collection would have been worthwhile if it only included Phantasy Star II , II and IV , all of which are good -LRB- although II shows its age significantly -RRB- . However , there are 28 other games present here . A reviewer above had given his opinion of the games ; I think I 'll give mine as well : Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle : I 'm stunned that this character got so many Sega games - I find this game incredibly annoying . Controls -LRB- as is the case for many genesis games -RRB- are incredibly dicey , and the game itself seems rather insipid -LRB- rock , paper , scissors ? I 'll pass -RRB- . It 's fin for a moment , but like arcade hits of the past , quickly loses its charm.Altered Beast : The cheese factor alone makes this a fun game . Some of the worst voices ever to grace a video game . This game is so-so , but nothing to write home abou -LRB- the arcade version , which can be unlocked after a painful ordeal , is much better -RRB- . Bonanza Bros : I do n't get this one at all . Terribly unsatisfying - I feel for the schmoes who paid big bucks for this in the 90 's . Columns : Decent Tetris knockoff , but gets difficult quickly . The 2-player versus is a lot of fun , though -LRB- although it 's no `` Puzzle Fighter '' -RRB- . I found this game incredibly frustrating after the first few levels.Comix Zone : One of the surprises of the set . A later Genesis game , you travel through comic panels fighting bad guys that you created while in the real world . Stylistically , it is incredibly nice . The voices again are incredibly painful -LRB- particularly the `` See ya ! '' spoken after defeating any character -RRB- , but I found this one to be a hidden gem.Decap Attack : Another game I do n't remember from back in the day , you play as a mummy attempting to thwart an evil underworld denizen . A pretty good game.Ecco the Dolphin : I liked this game when it came out , and I like it now . Although the undersea graphics are n't so impressive now , the game remains original and fun to play . Two of its sequels , present on the game , are also OK.Flicky : Platform game . I 'm not a big fan of the genre in general , and this game did nothing to really make me one . It 's cute saving your young chicks , but only OK overall.Gain Ground : Essentially , you run around shooting enemies and saving hostages . The fact that you can ultimately play as 20 different characters gives this game some interesting history , but it 's not all that great.Golden Axe : Why is a sword fighter named Ax Battler ? And why is `` ax '' spelled two different ways in the game ? I 'm sure scholars will ponder these questions for eons . As for the game , Golden Ax is incredibly frustrating now -LRB- depth issues of which the AI is a master is the main foe -RRB- - at the time , I accepted bad controls as part of the game . There is significant improvement in the sequels , however -LRB- GA 2 and 3 are also present -RRB- . Kid Chamelion : I found this game to be kind of charming . An obvious Mario knockoff , you play as a kid in a virtual world , who can ... that 's right ... hit blocks with his head to acquire helmets that will give him new powers , while hopping and bopping enemies . It pales in comparison to Mario , mind you , but it 's got its moments.Phantasy Star : Is it Parma ? Palma ? I sure remember `` Palma '' from my youth , but `` Parma '' seems to be the name now . In any case , great games , WELL worth the price of admission . No , they 're not as good as `` Final Fantasy '' , and never were , despite the yelps from the games ' fans . But nonetheless , these games had excellent stories , with great plot twists -LRB- even for today -RRB- . Ristar : Fun little game where you play as a guy with a star for a head . Resembles `` Sonic '' too much to warrant exceptional praise , but it 's a fun game.Shinobi : There are two `` Shinobi '' titles on this disc . `` Shadow Dancer '' stinks , in my opinion . `` Shinobi III '' is still a lot of fun.Sonic the Hedgehog : Oh yeah , THAT guy makes this collection , too . Both `` Sonic '' and `` Sonic 2 '' are present here , and both remain excellent . My only gripe -LRB- which was the same as when the game was released -RRB- are the controls are too fidgety for such a high-speed game . But both games are still excellent to play.Super Thunder Blade : Going WAY back into the Genesis library -LRB- I did n't play this version , although I played the original arcade version -RRB- , STB is an OK game -LRB- for an early 3-D shooter -RRB- , but it 's not my style.Sword of Vermillion : Ummm , well , this game is baffling to me . The game tells me that a 106-page hint book was included with the original release because `` Americans were n't used to RPG 's '' . Thank God all RPG 's were n't like this one . Essentially , this game manages to mix all that was wrong with many of my favorite games -LRB- `` Ultima
 Looking at the prices of just downloading one of these games more than justifies the price of this collection . I was a Genesis owner when I was a teen . Many of my memories were good around many of these games and many are still timeless classics . Playing several of these games has shown me that it 's not graphics that make greatness but gameplay . Games were still quite innovative in the early nineties and game making ideas were still fresh . Game Developers now should take a clue from these creative giants about how to bring gameplay back to the game .
 I was always a Nintendo fan , ever since the NES days.But after buying Sega Genesis Collection for the PS2 , I 'm totally amazed by the numberof fun games on thisdvd . My faves are the 2 Shinobi games , a side scroller Ninja game , Sonic , Phantasy Star 2,3 , and 4 , and the Golden Axe series . The other games are fun as well , more than worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- price for this dvd . Go back in time when the NES and Sega Genesis were battling for home video game supremacy . Well worth the money .
 Some of our favorite Sega Genesis games finally rose from the dead onto the Playstation 2 . Rather than brining out your old Genesis system and cartridges from storage and hooking wires to the television set , it 's refreshing good quality Genesis games are available on one PS2 disc . It 's impossible to dislike this lot as the games designers choose not to meddle with the graphics and game play.Every game offers its original authentic splash as it did on the Genesis console which includes option to use cheats that galvanized the Genesis era . All the Sonic codes are accessible , including level select and Gold Sonic . The fun will be immediate too because it 's hard to envision anyone who could get enough Golden Axe , Sonic , Virtua Fighter , and Vectorman . Columns may be the only unapproachable game unless Tetris is your type of puzzle fun.Moreover , there 's plenty of satisfaction as the variation contain action , side-stroller , RPG , shooter , and fighter . That 's proof of a jam-pack collection.In addition to twenty-eight Sega games , another generous three can be easily unlocked by meeting goals in specific levels and to discover how , requirements to unlock them can be found on the Internet , do a quick Google search . However you 'll be dissatisfied with the three-bonus games , they appeal more as a novelty than legitimate game play . Sega should have included them without invoking us to meet objectives . Other than that small scuffle , hours will be surrendered playing through this vast collection.Also there are unlockable video clips and some unravel just by selecting a game off the menu list while others demand skill . There are a bundle of interviews obtainable within the CD package . Even more , arcade mode opens when meeting certain tasks . Such added features boost the desire to play even longer.Anyone unaware of these oldies who are experimenting something new , it will seem hard to look beyond the ordinary surface , from a graphical standpoint . These days everyone expect realism and none of that exist here . If unsure whether you may be interested , rent before you winch forth $ 20 . For retro players it 's an obvious no-brainer , shell out the Thomas Jefferson bill . The price for one game amounts to merely seventy-one cents each . These games are perfect translation to the console and arcade counterpart . The entertainment simply piles up the more you play . True Sega supporters benefit the most from this recent collection . The likelihood of today 's gamers enjoying this classic archive is slim , and they 'll most likely be amused on what retro players considered pure fun . Back then we were blown away by such gaming technology . It 's cool reliving past memories when we did not know better .
 This is one of the best collections out there - you get 28 games plus a ton of extra features for about sixteen to seventeen bucks , that 's like 60 to 65 cents per game ! Aside from the 28 Genesis games you also get 5 original Sega arcade games along with 10 different interviews and a couple of trailers . You can access the options screen at any time during the game by pressing the select button . This is where you can access the control , video , save/load game , reset/exit game options.For each main game , you can press the triangle button to access some background info on that paticular game . Here are some cheats : To unlock Zaxxon : - play Sonic the Hedgehog and collect one chaos emerald . You need to get 50 rings during a stage and then jump thru the giant ring at the end of the stage , then you 'll get the emerald.To unlock Phantasy Star IV Sound Test : - beat the game then at the title screen press button B . A menu will pop up and all the music in the game will be available.To unlock Tac-Scan : - make it to the bonus stage in the first level of Ristar.To unlock Altered Beast Arcade : - try every game on the list including the arcade games.To unlock Phantasy Star Universe Trailer : - play Phantasy Star 2,3 , & 4To unlock Virtual Fighter 5 Trailer : - play Virtual Fighter 2All the games are quick to get into and out of . There are many options to customize the screen size/position and controller input . The emulation is spot on , the games are just like I remembered . Any negatives ? Yeah , wished there were some liscensed games -LRB- also , where 's the sports games -RRB- ; but then the collection would probably be more exspensive , so I 'm not complaining . Overall a terrific deal with many fun games to choose from for the retro gaming crowd .
 Amazingly fast shipping , as usual . I bought this so the family could play some of their favorites from `` back in the day '' . It has been played every day since I got it.I highly recommend !
 I really do n't know that I can realy give this an acurate good review . I played the SNES . As soon as I found out that Zaxxon was available by unlocking , I purchesed it . I gave it a four star rating just for having Zaxxon on it .
 If you buy this game for other reasons than owning a copy of Phantasy Star II , III , and IV , you bought it for the wrong reasons . I had some fun with Gain Ground , but the Sword of Vermilion is terrible . The Golden Axe games are OK , and I liked Flicky -LRB- but the music got on my nerves -RRB- . Comix Zone looked neat , but was really hard -LRB- and you ca n't continue -RRB- . I gave up . The others did n't impress me enough to mention -LRB- not my tastes -RRB- . Overall , Taito Legends 2is a better compilation of games . The reason to buy this in for Phantasy Star.That said , the game is still a lot of fun .
 and thats whats important . has like 20 plus games for 11 bucks . . you ca n't beat that with a stick !
 After seing I could own phantasy star 2,3 and 4 on one disc plus some other classic games at a very affordable price ; I was overjoyed !! I grew up with a nes/snes and a buddy of mine had a sega.While I still prefer nintendo to sega , there were some real gems on sega that I would 've liked to own.Being a huge rpg fan , the phantasy star games were definatly among them.My only complaint is that on phantasy star 2 , whenever you get hit by an enemy during battle , the screen flashes red and makes an annoying sound.If you are familiar with rpgs , you understand that you go through ALOT of battles and fight ALOT of bad guys.After playing the game for an hour the flashing red screen and noise will get on your nerves ... ALOT.It would have been nice if this was all edited from the original.My advice is to set the screen settings to weak signal and turn the volume down.Thankfuly phantasy star 3 and 4 do not share that fault.Everything else is perfect!From golden axe to altered beast to shinobi to sonic ... Terrific job with this one!Hopefully there will be some more sega collection games to come ; perhaps featuring splatterhouse , polterguy and other rpgs I am unaware of .
 If you think this game is just some retro game that only has 2 or 3 good games in it , you 're wrong . This has to be one of the greatest collection of retro games of all time !! With favorites like Sonic 1 & 2 -LRB- the sound is better than the orignal version I have for the Genesis -RRB- , Golden Axe and more ! And with the game that came with the orignal 1989 Sega Genesis , Altered Beast ! So buy this game and take a trip back to Memory Lane .
 I bought this collection in anticipation of playing all my favorite Genesis titles , and the promise of playing some arcade classics that have taken forever to get properly emulated -LRB- namely the original arcade Altered Beast -RRB- . Sadly , this set does n't QUITE reach the levels of perfection I was hoping for . I had long heard rumors of the Playstation2 's inability to properly emulate various retro games . However in my experience , collection after collection has met or exceeded my expectations -LRB- the various `` anthologies '' and volume collections released so far -RRB- . Apparently , the Sega Genesis was a system that the then current generation of consoles -LRB- 1999-2001 -RRB- had difficulty emulating . I recall playing the horrendous `` Sega Smash Pack '' on Dreamcast . The set was great , but the sounds , oh , the sounds were horribly mangled in translation -LRB- they sounded like an atari 2600 game ... no offense to atari , but these were 16 bit games ! -RRB- . I 've heard of other emulations of Genesis/Megadrive games that suffer from sound problems as well.This set does n't quite reach that level of failure , but the sounds are off , and noticably so for anyone who has played the originals . The effects and music are tinny , seem pitched higher , and sometimes the music beat is off . This is especially notciable in the Sonic games ... anyone who has spent hours playing those knows what I 'm talking about.The arcade version of Altered Beast -LRB- a snap to unlock -RRB- also has some problems with its sound . Noticably the effects from some of the secondary beast attacks -LRB- like the Weredragon 's `` laser barrier '' -RRB- are truncated , muted , or sound like beeps and bloops . The enemy hit sounds are off , and the spirit balls make the odd glitchy sound every time -LRB- in the original , it only made this sound occasionally , say every four or five balls you 'd grab -RRB- . Sound was a big part of these games back in the day , and the Genesis , though primitive by today 's standards -LRB- and eventually overshadowed by the Super Nintendo with its 16-bit stereo options in the late 90 's -RRB- was a powerhouse in its time . Many games were memorable for their catchy music tracks and perfect sound effects . There are no sound tweaking options I could see in the game anywhere . These problems prevent this set from making a full 5 stars.Take the sound out of the equation , and this is a great set , though it is missing some of the classics you 'd hope would be there , like Sonic 3 , Revenge of Shinobi and the Streets of Rage games.I hear that Sonic 's Ultimate Genesis Collection remedies many of these problems , but as I have n't played it and do n't own a PS3 or Xbox360 , I ca n't say if those rumors are accurate.Each game -LRB- in the main set , not including unlockables -RRB- has a `` history '' option and lets you configure the controls -LRB- including a nice `` ABC '' mode that simulates the original Genesis controller -RRB- and turn Rapid fire on or off . Each game also has three save slots . There 's progressive scan support if your TV supports it -LRB- mine does n't -RRB- and the option to adjust the screen -LRB- horizontal and vertical height -RRB- . For now , this set is a good bargain buy if you want to hear the many interviews from developers and gaming reps , and remember the great gameplay of those bygone days when the `` 16-bit revolution '' blew us away . But for the FULL experience -LRB- and the full nostalgia -RRB- , you 're far better off dusting off those old cartridges or firing up the emulator on your PC .
 NO NEED TO DESCRIBE THIS GAMES !! THESE GAMES ARE THE LOST TREASURES !!!! I LOVE Altered Beast , Alex Kidd , Sonic , The Golden Axe serie and Shinobi 2 and 3 !! P.S
 Honestly , if you became a gamer before the PS1 , I 'm only exaggerating a little bit here . Even if this had simply been the Phantasy Star Collection , it would be a steal . But you in fact get 33 -LRB- ! -RRB- games on one disc . Those of you who remember the sticker shock of Phantasy Star IV -LRB- $ 80 ?! -RRB- will know what I mean.The controls are smooth and easy -LRB- games of this era used far fewer buttons -RRB- . A feature you will be thankful for is the three savestate slots for each game . That 's right , I said each game gets three . This comes in very handy when you 're trying for a Chaos Emerald in Sonic , or getting ready for a tough boss battle . The savestate system is in fact superior to the version on Wii Virtual Console . Speaking of which , to get all the games on SGC for the WVC -LRB- even if they were available -RRB- would cost 26,400 Wii Points . That 's $ 264 for those of you playing at home . If you can find even three titles you like on here , it 's paid for itself . 33 games for less than the price of 3 is what it is.To put it simply , if you have a PS2 or backward compatible PS3 -LRB- this title works perfectly on the 80GB model -RRB- , and you have a classic-gamer bone in your body , BUY THIS GAME!To save you a search , here 's a game list : Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle * Altered Beast -LRB- Genesis and Arcade versions -RRB- * Bonanza Bros. * Columns * Comix Zone * Decap Attack * Ecco the Dolphin * Ecco
 As someone who has most of these games in it 's original cartridge format , let me just say this compilation is amazing.The Golden Axe series , The Shinobis and Vectorman series alone make thisa must have !! And who can say no to Altered Beast ?! The sound is crisp and the graphics nice and clean.PS2 over component cables and optical beat Genesis over compositeany day ! and the fact that you can choose to run it in Progressive Scan and resize the pic is awesome too!order this now !
 I lost my Genesis back in the late 90s , and I 've been debating for the past couple of years if it was worth it to buy a new system to replay some of my old favorites , especially Phantasy Star II . I actually came close a couple of times , but spending a couple of hundred bucks to play some old titles from the past just wasnt worth it.Thats no longer an issue thanks to this title . I love the Phantasy Star series , they are some of the greatest -LRB- given the limitations of the technology -RRB- RPGs ever . The inclusion of those three games makes this a well spent $ 20 for me no matter what else is on the disk.Luckily , the disk also has some very good games including Sonic , Altered Beast , Golden Axe -LRB- an old quarter sucker from the late 80s -RRB- , the Ecco series and a Shinobi.If you 're nostalgic for the early 90s console wars and dying to take a shot at Dr. Robotnik , Death Adder or Dark Force again , save yourself some money and trouble and pick up this disk.On the odd chance anyone from Sega reads this and is considering Sega Genesis Collection II , give me Centurion
 Stepping into the retro-gaming craze is Sega , collecting 28 Genesis titles on one PS2 disc for your classic gaming goodness . For old school Genesis fans like me , this is a chance to relive the good ol' days , while for others who missed out , you can see why us Sega loyalists are so fanatical about the 16-bit era . The games include -LRB- with 10-point scale ratings -RRB- : Alex Kidd In The Enchanted Castle
 this collection of sega games for ps2 is awesome . . so far played most of the co-op games with my brother , still have to try the rest of them but so far I am satisfied with everything . Word .
 The Sega Genesis Collection for the Playstation 2 is a collection of twenty-eight games from Sega 's most popular console . The games that are included in the collection are
 I did not own a Genesis back in the day , I owned Nintendo stuff ... so a lot of these games are new to me , with the exception of arcade experience . -LRB- Note to those born around 1990
 this is a great game because it has vectorman 1 and 2 ; it played as great when it was in its sega days .
 Lots of fun , great collection of games . I was especially pleased with the RPG games included , the Phantasy Star series and Sword of Vermilion . I was never a fan of the Altered Beast , but the arcade version that 's included is a little more fun . I 'm glad Ecco made it on there as well . This collection disc was the final push I needed to buy a PS2 and I do n't regret it . I really hope there 's a follow up collection of the same quality .
 I remember the days , which were not really allthat long ago when Genesis games were in highdemand . To re-live some of these great adventures such as Phantasy Star 11 and Swordof Vermillion is an adventure lovers dreamcome true . Phantasy Star 1 and Phantasy Star 11were made with Heart , Thus gripping the heartsof adventure Lovers everywhere . There is somegreat action oriented games included as well.I was dissappointed to see that Phantasy Star 1was not included , but that was a 1987 Segamaster system release , though it could beplayed on the Genesis system with the SegaGenesis Converter . Perhaps , with some communication encouragement from some of thegamers out there to Sega of America , Sega willconsider a similiar future release of not onlyPhantasy Star 1 , but many unique and intriguinggames not to be missed even by next generationgamers . What made them great was the Heart thatwas put into them , but is n't that true withwith anything we do in this life ?!
 This is the 1st Sega Genesis compilation to be released on the PS2 and other than a couple of certifiable duds that are included on here , if you are an old school gamer like myself or just love great games in general , this is a must buy.I went back a few years back and bought a Genesis again as I 've always sorely regretted it trading it and my SNES stuff in for the original Playstation when it came out.But one of the games that just proved too much for me to buy was Phantasy Star IV . This game went for 100 dollars brand new when it originally came out and you 'll find copies of it going for upwards of 300 dollars on Ebay.But the good folks at Sega saw fit to include this fantastic RPG on here along with the other Genesis Phantasy Star parts 2 & 3 on here as well . What would have been extra cool was to have been able to unlock the original 8 bit Phantasy Star from the Sega Master System on here so that the entire original saga was represented . Since Phantasy Star IV is the most direct sequel to the original game , it would 've made sense and made a lot of the events/references in Part 4 hit home more.Other than the other Phantasy Star games on here , you also get the 1st 2 Sonic games , the Genesis & Arcade versions of Altered Beast -LRB- RISE FROM YOUR GRAVE ! -RRB- , all 3 Golden Axe games -LRB- Parts 1 & 2 are great , 3 is terrible & was only released in Japan as a result -RRB- , Kid Chameleon , Shadow Dancer , Shinobi 3 , Vectorman 1 & 2 , Ecco the Dolphin 1 & 2 ... The only games on here that I was never that fond of in the 1st place were Alex Kidd , Ristar , Virtua Fighter 2 -LRB- which was a horrible Genesis port of a great 3D fighter -RRB- , Sword of Vermilion and Super Thunder Blade . But they do have their fans.One of the coolest aspects of this compilation other than unlocking great interview segments and hidden Arcade games by Sega is that they saw fit to give you the ability to save anywhere you want in a game . You can then go back to playing it later right smack where you left off . This is most helpful in the Phantasy Star games in which you can save right before a tough boss fight or in Kid Chameleon which was a great game made infamous by the fact it did n't have a password/save feature on it . As a result , you had to play the entire game in one go which took about 6 to 7 hours.A couple of small quibbles is that fact they included the arcade version of Altered Beast as an unlockable , why not the arcade version of Golden Axe and Super Thunder Blade?All in all , this is a great collection of games . Volume 2 is rumored to include the Streets of Rage of trilogy which is too cool.Fans of the 16 bit era of video games would do wise to pick this up . Considering you get a perfect port of Phantasy Star 4 -LRB- and this compilation only costs 20 dollars -RRB- , this is worth buying just for that fact alone .
 Retro gaming collections are always two edged swords , usually they have some cool games in them , but they always have filler games that just are n't very good.While Sega Genesis Collection does have some crap games on it , and includes some games that , while good , never really tripped my trigger -LRB- the Ecco and Phantasy Star series come to mind -RRB- , the simple fact of it is that set includes so many gems that I ca n't help but love it . You get perfect , great looking emulations of Sonic 2 , Comix Zone , Kid Chameleon , and BOTH Vectorman games !!! Those five games alone totally made it worth my $ 20 . And the coolest part of this whole set is that you actually have the option of saving at any time during any of the games , and they even give you three save slots per game ! What a great feature , now I do n't have to finish Sonic 2 in one sitting like back in the 90 's . The long and short of it is this
 I can not believe that they were able to fit so many great games on one disk . What really sold it for me though was Kid Chameleon and Phantasy Star IV , I thought that both of those games were pretty much lost forever , and they are among my all-time favorites .
 I do n't normally anticipate games but when I saw this , I checked the release date every day until I got the game . I grew up on Sega and this was the nostalgia I 've waited so long for.The games
 I 'm a self-proclaimed Sega junkie . I owned a Sega Genesis for the better part of 10 years and played it every day right up to the very end of its life and I still continued playing during the Dreamcast years and continued to purchase future Sega games and compilations over the years , from the Sega Smash Pack on the Dreamcast to the Gamecube 's Sonic Mega Collection -LRB- I have yet to obtain the Gems Collection -RRB- and now I finally got my hands on one of the games I 've looked forward to most in 2006
 This Game collection was well worth getting . I really missed playing some old games from Sega and my brother informed me of Cd for PS2 that you kind find with an array of games , but I thought just like many before me , if i ran across any of them they would probably be filled with some crappy games and only one or two good ones . But just like the others reviews I was wrong . I purchased it through one of the other sellers who sale there products through amazon for less then 11 bucks , and I think I got it for like 8 bucks , shipping cost was ridiculous but overall I felt it was well worth it in regardless . The day it arrived I was eager to pop it in my PS2 , and was so satisfied with what I saw . I feel there is no need to list the games on my review , since so many before me have . But it was what I was looking for so for me it was worth buying .
 Got this for Gain Ground and Phantasy Star II.The playing screens get compressed on Gain Ground , but then 5 extra boards are added that were n't on the arcade version.Recommended for those with a PS II and want to relive the days of yore -LRB- ie . leaving your quarters on the machine at the arcade while waiting your turn -RRB- .
 I 'm not into the video game thing , but I bought this for my husband , who has been having so much fun with it ! There 's these little extras that you can unlock along the way , like interviews and different games , and different versions of the games . They 're deceptively simple looking , but end up being harder than you would think . It 's certainly worth splurging on , because you get a LOT of games for that price , in addition to the extra features you unlock -LRB- by playing more games -RRB- .
 I love playing these Great Classics over and over again , I have much love for Sega Genesis , I hope there 's a part 2 .
 If you like games like F-Zero GX you 'll love this game . XGRA is n't as amazingly fast as F-Zero GX , so you 'll have a slightly easier time of seeing where you 're going -LRB- except in weather or when you hit super speeds . -RRB- What F-Zero GX lacks that XGRA does have , is the ability to shoot at , blow up and generally wreak havoc on your opponents . The AI in this game is fun and there is a vendetta system . If you fire at another player long enough , they will carry that grudge through the game . The trash talk is fun , sometimes repetitive , but it does n't get in the way . If anything it adds to the effect while you 're racing for first place , dodging mines , and various forms of weapons ; all the while trying to take out a few of your own . This is a great game for the money , it 's not the best out there - but you could certainly do far worse .
 Looks to be cool game tell more when amazon finally ships it .
 This is a very good game . It is very good quality and I much enjoyed playing it . It made a very good Christmas present . Thank you .
 My son has had many hours of enjoyment playing this game . I 'd highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys cars and racing .
 This gae is the best game ever that i have played and the shipping is super fast got here before the estimated date so this is a good place to buy your things from .
 I am still searching for a great Gladiator game , but so far , none have come along . The most-talked about gladiator game is Gladius , by Lucasarts . The game does n't look very good , and the Star Wars-based company has let me down many times . But now , Sword of Vengeance could save us with good graphics , gameplay , and sound . The only thing that was wierd about this game was the convoluted plot , but we 'll see how it all comes together this fall when the game is released .
 I 've never played this game but I am really looking forward to October 17th -LRB- the release date -RRB- . This game seems to be more like the real gladitorial battles than Gladius . I 've played Gladius on a demo disc and I was really bored with it so I 'm hoping this is more exciting . Although I have n't played it I 've read the editorial review and it has a lot of cool features listed including :1 -RRB- `` In-depth characterization and intelligent and exciting plotting `` 2 -RRB- '' Variety of objectives , opponents and weaponry `` 3 -RRB- '' A rich mix of combat , adventure , classic history , culture and mythology '' and much more but I 'm definitely gon na get this game when it comes out .
 Ancient Rome and its barbaric gladiatorial arenas have intrigued scholars of history and laymen alike for countless years . Films like `` Sparticus , '' `` Ben Hur , '' and the more recent `` Gladiator '' have captured this period , and the phenomenon of Roman gladiators , in exciting form , but video games have only just begun to jump on the bandwagon - which is strange , since the setting lends itself so incredibly well to the medium . Unfortunately , most of those games have been disappointing , or just plain bad . `` Gladiator
 I bought this game because IGN said it was a Gory Sleeper Surprise for Christmas and figured I had to buy it . Moreover the screenshots online blew me away . I do n't know of any other game that I was able to play right out of the box -LRB- no 200 page manual -RRB- and just start hacking away ! The graphics -LRB- lighting -RRB- are nothing short of amazing and the kill moves are just about as gory -LRB- and cool -RRB- as it gets . My only criticism is that I wish there was online play . However , this game is still a must have ... you wo n't be able to put it down .
 In the past , Acclaim has made some really bad games and some really good games . This happens to be the latter of the two . After reading countless reviews for this game , I decided to give it a try . I found that the problems I had with this game are the same as everyone else , the camera is a little iffy , the game tends to slow down a little when there is a lot of action on the screen , and it 's hard to change between enemies when fighting which can be fustrating . Get past all of this , and you get a fantastic game with a very intriguing plot . Gladiator
 Awesome kills and combat action . Do n't trust just one reviewer . Lot 's of other good ones out there . Plus , playing as a Gladiator will rock - just like in the movie !
 I was n't sure about this game because of some reviews I had seen on other sites , but I bought it anyway . I am glad I did.While I am not going to let my 8 year old play it , my 14 year old and I both love it . This game is `` awesome ! ''
 I was n't sure about this game because of some reviews I had seen on other sites , but I bought it anyway . I am glad I did.While I am not going to let my 8 year old play it , my 14 year old and I both love it . This game is `` awesome ! ''
 I FOUND OUT ABOUT THIS GAME BY ACCIDENT , AND I 'M SURE GLAD I DID ! BECAUSE IT IS AWESOME ! YOU GET TO PLAY AS GLADIATOR '' INVICTUS THRAX '' , WHO HAS TO BRING ORDER BACK TO ROME - AND AVENGE THE EMPEROR 'S MURDER ... YOU ARE TESTED BY THE GODS THROUGHOUT YOUR JOURNEY FOR REVENGE . . YOU GET TO KILL LOTS OF COOL MONSTERS AND ENEMIES , WITH A WIDE ARRAY OF WEAPONS LIKE
 Yes ... you got that right . Crash Nitro Cart is the video game that got Mom hooked on playing again . Mom likes it because her five and ten year old sons have an equal playing field . It is also nice that when the kids have friends over the multiplayer feature is large enough to accomodate a lot of people . The `` weapons '' and traps on non-violent , so nobody is permanently injured or out of the race . There are many different tracks to choose from.Mom comes in last a lot on this game . She thinks that if she secretly practices every day when the kids are at school eventually she will be good enough to BLOW THEM AWAY ! Wo n't they be surprised then ... hehehe
 This is the best racing game I have . It is the sequel to Crash Team Racing . The other reviewers said there are eight characters thats wrong theres sixteen . The graphics are awsome as well . In the adventure mode you can choose to either be the Crash or cortex side . The only characters I have unlocked are Zem , Polar , Dingodile , and Emperor Velo . Cortex side has Cortex -LRB- Duh -RRB- , Tiny , and Dr. Engine . Crash side has Crash , Crunch , and Coco-Coco . You can also be characters like that green do in the first game and the ones I mentioned earlier . The special menu is alright . Here you can see the cutseens , customize tracks , and link up to the gameboy advance version . This is also up to four player with different modes of game play . Overall this is a great game and a must buy .
 This is a hot game ! It 's WAY better than Crash Team Racing . Coco 's outfit is totally cute ! I want her outfit ! ^ ^ There 's more action in this game . Their karts are WAY cooler ! Coco 's voice sounds like a teenager 's ! You can play as Crash , Coco , and Crunch ! I 'm a HUGE crash fan , and anybody who love Crash should get this game ! Buy now !
 This game is the best game and also this games include 8 charactors . I suggest to get the gamecube one because you can play with 1-4 players.Some players are crash , his sister , tiny and others I totally recomend this game because it is the best and I also suggest mario kart double dash they are both great games !!!!
 I have been looking around for this game for awhile . I finally found it and I have n't stopped playing since . This is definitely a game worth buying .
 When i got this game and started playing it i thought that i had just wasted 50 bucks.So i waited a few days to play it again i was amazed at how much better i thought it was.So if u buy this game and you dont like it , wait a few days then play it again.Or at least it worked for me i love it now !
 tHIS IS A GREAT RACING GAME , ON A TV COMMERCIAL IT SAID IT IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES TO BUY FOR cHRISTMAS 2003 SO IT HAS TO BE PRETTY GOOG OR THEY WOULD N'T OF SAID THAT SO PLEASE GIVE IT A TRY YOU WILL LOVE IT !!!!
 tHIS IS A GREAT RACING GAME , ON A TV COMMERCIAL IT SAID IT IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES TO BUY FOR cHRISTMAS 2003 SO IT HAS TO BE PRETTY GOOD OR THEY WOULD N'T OF SAID THAT SO PLEASE GIVE IT A TRY YOU WILL LOVE IT !!!!
 I ca n't give enough praise to Kart Racing games all of them are totally awesome . Crash Nitro Kart is one amazing kart racing game . I saw the screenshots for it and they are beautiful and very well done.CNK has very detailed godd lokking race tracks as well some that zig-zag and some that twist upside down like a roller coaster . So with each track being different you will never get bored going in a straight line . This is by far the best Crash Bandicoot game yet to date . So hurry and go buy it you will have hours and hours of good Kart Racing Fun !!!
 I got the game , did a race , thought I was going to die . There was not a way to see what is in-front of you ! I tried a battle with my friend , and thought the area was pretty bad . Team play is just bogus and the whole game is pretty bad . Also , it crashes every 20 minutes !
 I got the game , did a race , thought it was pretty cool , then it crashed . Crash crashes . I have to restart the GameCube almost every 20 minutes ! The battle fields just plain stink , the computers are not the best team play is just bogus the arena editor is worth crap . Do n't buy this game it is a waste of money .
 The game 's awsome!Only I did n't unlock all the secret characters yet though. : -LRB- Anyways , people to the world!FOr gamecube it 's great!Buy it now !! Oh , and probably buy the game boy advance game too.I do n't have the gameboy advance version of crash nitro kart but still !
 I am a big crash fan , but this game disappointed me . The control sucks . When you turn you lose all of your speed . You have to powerslide every single turn to come in a decent place . Ever since Naughty Dog stopped making crash , the games have stunk . The two for gameboy were horrible . So easy it 's not even funny . If you want a good crash game try the first , second , third , or CTR . VICARIOUS VISIONS RUINED CRASH FOREVER ! SCARRED HIM FOR LIFE !
 i wish i never bought this . it stinks . i thought it would be fun like crash team racing or mario kart but it is nothing like them .
 The tracks feel like Wipeout 3 , but it does have a bit of an F-zero look to it on the GameCube , with those transparent tracks . But it 's not like F-Zero . It 's like if you crossed Wipeout 3 with Akira , then sped it up and drank a cup of coffee.I have n't had a rush like this since Wipeout XT . It 's so fast , I 'm still cranked up from the adrenalin while I write this.The career races are structured like this
 The fastest racing game I 've ever played and it has weapons , to boot ! Was looking for a good racing game for the Cube , since they do n't carry Gran Turismo , and ran across XGRA and Hot Wheels World Race . Played Hot Wheels once and then I put XGRA in ... I have n't touched Hot Wheels since ! This is one fast racer and the powerups for weapons and shielding , etc. add an element that makes this much more than just another racing game . Graphics and sound are both top-notch here - when your cycle hits mach-1 , you really get the sensation your moving that fast . Good stuff !
 I love the XG series and this one for being the final closed game for acclaim really makes this game a great acclaimed title ! Music is fabulous with Celldweller and much much more ! I love the soundtrack so much I went to Vgtunes.com and downloaded it to listen to it on my iphone . A really really great game ! graphics are superb for its time and the gameplay ad controls are somewhat tricky but once down you will know your XG vehicle and be best friends with it as if you were in the game ! one of the fastest racing games I have ever played . But XG is known for its high speed action so to me its the fastest racing series with badass music of all time ! I only wished acclaim got more recognition for what they have created .
 This game is what you must have for your real need for speed ! -LRB- I bet that the game series with such name , altought they 're great , did n't satisfy the gamers ' speed needs . -RRB- XGRA combines supersonic speeds and great weapon violence . Do come in with your plasma-powered bike with tons of weaponry ! When you play the sonic or supersonic class -LRB- mostly at the second one -RRB- , you frequently experience supersonic booms . You only hear the music and speechs . Motor and weapon sounds are gone at this point . You can do that easily charging up an `` ion accelerator '' , and then ride over a dash plate ... ZOOOOOOOOOMM !!! And you check your speedometer reaching up to 1000mph -LRB- and beyond ! -RRB- . Unfortunately to become this a success , you must complete Invitation , Subsonic , and Sonic class . And if you finish all four , you get the freakin ' ultrasonic class!Sound FX are great.So are BGM , but there 's few of it -LRB- but great -RRB- Graphics are wonderful.Controller config , well if I could use weapons with sth like X or Y and to control the view with C stick ... , but here you are just limited to use the presets.Visual FX are amazing ! Explosions , HUD , tracks ... Weapons -LRB- secondary ones -RRB- used at the game are so thrilling , especially the last one -LRB- I got fear with it -RRB- . It 's bad that the primary ones are different for each bike , I mean , it 's not the same dropping bombs than firing rockets , and so.Multiplayer mode is great.It draws 20 blocks of your Memory Card , keep so in mind , no matter what you do.Gameplay action
 You ca n't beat the price for this game . This is one great value . I ordered mine and from what I read in other reviews this game is awesome ! I ca n't wait to play !
 omg !! this game is da bomb . I mean hot girls and bakinis , what more can you ask for.Controlls are easy , but , game is hard to master.One thing that is really cool is if you move to one side of the court your teammate moves too !! the game is fun . But i do n't get what the beach house is for ? They do have boys in it which is good because a girl could be cute guy , and a guy could be a hot girl . the grapics are awesome . And i was surprised at the price . Heck it is real cheap , it 's a bargain . It has a good selection of songs . The mini games are fun , I 'm looking foward to getting the other two . The game is really addicitive , i mean really addicitive.the girls are hot , even thought it 's a game.I really like the fact that they put a training mode so you are not totally lost.Also a very good thing is , one point you can look at vcr replays and you can get closeups of the girls ... sweet ! . Akklaim i love this game come out with more .
 This game is awsome!Anyway , I think that the beach house is therefor a reson.For people to rest or go buy some stuff.When pickingteams , I saw one girl.She 's a girl like me.She wears a pink suit.Her mane is Abbey Beckingham.She 's from Australia , her power is8 .2 . Her control is 6.4 . And her speed is 5.5 . And adding it all upis 18.8 . I always pick her.Good luck with tips I gave you !
 this game is da best . it is the only volleyball game for ps2 . the x box volleyball games are both mature . my friend who is on my volleyball team has a xbox and he wants a volleyball game for it but he isnt aloud to get mature games which is what all xbox 's volleyball games are . any way back to the game in a little while i was spiking the ball and serving it.the graphics are great . the girls are hot . i got cheats and got better players and more bikinis for the girls . the mini games are fun too . the best part is the tournament you play all over the us . that is why i gave this game 5 stars
 Pros + Price - -LRB- $ $ -RRB- + AI controls your partner , you only need to focus on one player + A `` touch '' analog system - the longer you hold the button the better your hit . + Only volleyball game on the PS2 - for now + Easy to learn , tough to master -LRB- my 5-year old loves it -RRB- + Unlockable extras add replay value + Good assortment of characters with different skill levels for Power , Control , and Speed + Graphics are 8/10 - good character models and realistic looking sand . Some courtside backgrounds are a little goofy . + Can co-op play against the computer + Ability to turn off music selections you do n't like + Player animations are generally tasteful -LRB- rated E for everyone -RRB- Cons - Repetitive soundtrack and commentary - Long load times between screens -LRB- as long as 30 seconds -RRB- - No way to advance the skills of characters - Could be a repeat game for Xbox DOA players -LRB- since I do n't have Xbox , I ca n't say -RRB- - No create-a-player option - No create-a-court option - Beach House gets tiresome after initial tour - should allow a text shortcut to the extras and trophiesOverall , I enjoy playing the game . It 's pretty satisfying to spike the ball into the corner - even better when you execute a clean block for the point . Definitely worth it . If you doubt it , rent first .
 This game is really fun and very addicting.Controls and rules of the game are very easy to get the hang of.I recommend playing the easy training level first , then just start playing some volleyball games to get the hang of everything.Having different serves available to determine the distance/power is also nice and keeps the game from getting repetitious.Graphics are beautiful , and the women look really , REALLY good!One thing I thought was strange though ; this game is obviously geared toward guys ... . so WHY have all the diffrent buff guy players available !? Stick with the chics Acclaim ! Oh , well I guess you could play this game with your girlfriend too.Music soundtrack was selected well and goes with the fun mood of the game.You are also given the option to skip , change or repeat songswhich is always nice.There are a few minor downfalls to this game though that gives this a 4 star rating.First off , I really agree with the one reviewer who said that you should be able to buy the bonuses like in dead or alive as opposed to winning them.The main reason is that there are over 200 locked goods in this game , and in the begining it seemed like all I unlocked for winning was so-and-so 's sunglassess ... OOOOO ! ... or worse yet , some dude 's khaki shorts - ugh!It also says on the box that you can `` dress these honeys any way you see fit '' . Well , that 's not entirely true as all but two outfits are locked in the begining.So in short , to get all of the diffrent options , outfits , playing fields , players and videos you have to unlock them all by playing , playing , playing and playing some more !! I 'm STILL trying to unlock that Pink video ... Too much stuff was locked in this game , and unless you 've unlocked quite a bit , the beach house aspect is pretty much worthless.The mini-games -LRB- well I 've only played one as the other two are locked -RRB- are ok , although not the game 's strong point.Whack-a-nerd sounds funny ... but I really could n't see who or what I was supposed to hit.Yeah , hit a nerd . . sounds easy!But there are cats , balloons , trashcans and all sorts of other junk.Hitting some give you points while hitting others takes points away , and the instructions do n't really explain anything on this.I dunno ; are cats nerdy?In the end this game was nicely made and is alot of fun esp . with two players.This game can also be bought new for a very reasonable price which also helps sweeten the deal.Have fun !
 I played this game for about 4 day so far . The graphics are great and so is the game play . The controls are simple to learn but the game is difficult to master . The game is basically 2-on-2 beach volleyball . The game can be played as a single player with an AI teammate . The game supports up to 4 players in Exhibition mode and up to 2 in a team in the other modes when you are playing against the AI players . The game is fun to play and addictive . If you live in a place -LRB- Detroit , MI -RRB- where you can mostly dream of being at the beach this is a fun way to get away . I highly recommend this game .
 I did n't think this game would be that fun , but when I first played it , it really is , so many unlockables , really gives you the feel of a beach volleyball game . And it 's a very cheap price for a game , highly recommend for those who are in to sports games .
 I did n't think this game would be that fun , but when I first played it , it really is , so many unlockables , really gives you the feel of a beach volleyball game . And it 's a very cheap price for a game , highly recommend for those who are in to sports games .
 I decided to give this game a chance based on its price and the thought that it could be fun . I was suprised . This game plays a lot better than other volleyball games on other systems and has a decent soundtrack and many unlockables . It is hard to put down once you start playing . I would definately reccommend this game to anyone looking for an inexpensive way to have some fun over the summer . Go Beat the Heat and buy Acclaims new volleyball game .
 I love and appreciate this game , which I have been playing for longer than 5 years . I love the women from different nationalities , music , background stages , etc. . This may be similar but not as better than Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball -LRB- Xbox -RRB- and Dead or Alive Xtreme 2 -LRB- Xbox 360 -RRB- . Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach VolleyballDead Or Alive Xtreme 2Dead Or Alive Paradise
 And a whole lot more ... Great game , easy to learn , with beautiful women to boot . However , I wish the ` extra ' features were a bit more like Dead or Alive , where you can buy the items you want , instead of being ` rewarded ' with them . Other than that , this game is great multiplayer fun ! 4 Stars !
 The Sega CD version of Space Ace is definately better than the SCD port of Dragon 's Lair , I will say that .
 I thought the coolest part were the fireworks and the New Years Eve bash option . Santa also shows up if you leave cookies out for him . But then he hangs around Ho-Hoing for hours ! LOL . Kind of annoying , like Santa okay , take off ! I did not expect much out of this pack , since Family Fun Stuff and Glamour Life truly stunk . Not only that , I downloaded those off the EA downloader and since they updated the system I permantly lost the games !! I am trying to get this fixed . I need to email EA as I do n't know if they have a number to call . $ 40 worth of stuff packs down the toilet , though they were not that great to begin with . There are also lots of holiday decorations and watch out for those Xmas trees . They catch fire , but there are now sprinker systems to take care of that . I just bought Open For Business , and I hope it 's good . Sometimes I just like the expansion packs for the new items and new decorating options alone . I just wish Sims would come up with more food options . I 'm getting tired of the same old dishes . They need a stuff pack that has new recipes ! That would be ultra cool .
 This is by far the best game ever ! The Holiday edition is so much better then the original version . With all the added bonus of the holiday deco , its a much better steal . This is a much better buy then the regular Sims 2 and a lot cheaper .
 When I heard there was a Sims 2 I was so excited , but when I heard there was a Sims 2 Holiday Edition I was shocked with joy ! The Sims 2 Holiday Edition is basically The Sims 2 but with holiday items . You can celebrate Christmas , New Years , Halloween , and Easter . It 's way better than The Sims , you can age your Sims , add make-up , and a lot more . The Sims 2 Holiday Edition is a Christmas Must-Have !
 My Grandchildren were so happy to get this and after all the company left could n't wait to get it out to play . Very excited
 I am not sure why some people are so upset about how this version of the Sims 2 was marketed . As with all the Sims expansion packs it will say `` expansion pack '' on the box or in the title if that is what it is . This version does not call itself an expansion pack so why would you assume it was ? It clearly says it 's the Sims 2 Holiday Edition and pretty much says it 's the original Sims 2 with extra Christmas and Holiday stuff on it . The expansion packs all have the Sims 2 listed under system requirments - this does not ... just another clue that it 's not an expansion pack . And last - the price should tell you right away it 's the entire Sims 2 game . The Sims 2 is one of the coolest games and gets great ratings . -LRB- take a look at the ratings under the regular Sims 2 to get an idea -RRB- Some of these folks give it a low rating because they did n't pay attention to what they were buying . Rate the game and not your common sense .
 You guys are like such little kids ! Yes it does come with only 40 new items , but the nightlife and university dont come with much more ! -LRB- besides new places to go -RRB- . im sure that most of you have read all of these other reviews , so if you think what sounds go to is true , then go with that . Just dont take it out on us .
 I first started playing the sims when it first came out with The Sims in the year 2000 . The first ever sims game . And I been hooked on it ever since than . Well I have ALL the sims PC games and I just think they are wonderfully . I can created my boyfriend in the game and later married him and than kill him and take all his money and marry his best friend . Well This is a great game and i think that you just try it out .
 I love the sims2 and it is a very cool game I was very surprised when the sims2 came out buy it buy it .
 I really do n't understand what so many people are upset about . Ever since this game was announced , it was CLEARLY STATED that The Sims 2 Holiday Edition is the base game plus holiday items . It was also CLEARLY STATED that the Sims 2 Holiday Party Pack was just the 40 holiday items , which you can download from the website for $ 14.99 . Admittedly , you can get 12 of the items for free , but there are 28 left that you buy with the pack , so I really do n't think this is a rip-off . I think people are just mad at themselves because they were n't paying close enough attention to what they were buying . And that certainly is n't EA 's fault . They are not trying to rip anyone off . They are a business , and the main goal of a business is to make money . What 's wrong with that ?
 The sims are trying to cash in what all of the SIM website has been doing for years . They should have just offered these on their website for free to download . There is really no `` changes '' to your sims just they now have some d&eacute;cor they can add to the house , it is the SIMS2 Packed Different . You might just want to find a website that you can go to and download for a small fee or free . There are some SIM artists on the web who created better holiday things too . This was a quick how can we make money for this holiday ? At least that is how it feels to me.The way it was marketed was like a NEW ADD ON , not the full game . I already had the full game . It just still seems like a joke . But I guess there are some suckers out there . *************** MY FAMILY who does n't play would n't know the difference and think they were getting me the greatest thing ever for the holiday !! *************** VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 Before buying this edition , please understand that it is not intended to abe an expansion pack . Even though it looks different , all it is intended to be is the same , basic Sims 2 game -LRB- the first one that came out -RRB- . It has a few items in it that sims can purchase that are n't in the regular Sims 2 program , like some holiday decorations , but it is still only the original Sims 2 game , repackaged . If you already have the Sims 2 game , the number of items involved probably wo n't be enough to make it worth buying a second copy of the game.On the other hand , if you do n't have the Sims 2 original game , then this is a good buy . Sims 2 has great graphics and is fun even for adults -LRB- I 'm a 39 year old female and I enjoy it -RRB- . It can , however , run sort of slowly at times - and causes my system to crash occasionally . But it 's worth it . Just make sure you have the minimum system requirements and then some before buying .
 This is the best game ever ! I ` ts worth all your money ! You can do so many new and cool things ! You can create toddlers , children , teens , adults , and elders ! There are tons of clothes , hairstyles , and make-up . You can even choose between fat and skinny Sims . They get older and have wants and needs . The aspiration choices are family , knowledge , money , popularity , romance , and , for kids and toddlers , grow up . They can cook lots of different things and have a new skill
 So many cute holiday stuff on this !! I was kinda disappointed that I could n't install this since it has the original Sims 2 and I already have the original Sims 2 on my laptop . I gave it my sister-in-law and she loves it ! All is good !
 Fast great service ! Product was just as described . Thank you ! I love playing this game it really adds an extra fun touch to the game play .
 This product was purchased as a gift , and the recipient seems pleased with it . Even though it is an older game , it installed perfectly and plays well on a new computer .
 I just got a new dell computer , because i heard the sims 2 was the best to use with dell -LRB- from a friend -RRB- . I made sure i bought enough memory to at least have it work on it . The game works , but if i try to have a lot of families at once , it seems to freeze up more . So i recommend if you have a slower computer and want this game , to only play 1 or 2 families at a time . Other wise , you will get frusterated . I ended up having to re-install the game and start all over when the screen went blue and i could n't find a way to fix it . Guess i got too carried away with making most of my sims pregnant and making several families at once . lol ! But still , it is a fun game , if you like role-playing games and want to start families . Just be careful !
 -LRB- Writing in a hurry -RRB- I know some people said this pack is horrible but that is onl because they already had the sims 2 . If you do n't have the sims 2 yet you should get it . If you do , do n't . Last night I went looking for the sims 2 and could n't find it anywere and then found it in toys r us . I almost got the sims to and then I saw the holiday adithon for only four cents more so of coarse I got it . Here is my rating : grathics :10 / 10I do n't know how it looks on other computers but since I have a Radian 9050 I have everything on full.Family creater :8 / 10A big improvment from the sims 1 but could be better . Like how can old grandparents have perfect teeth!Items :6 / 10There are hardly any items to choose . Be preperared to spend atleast around $ 70 - $ 100 dollars to have a decent amount of stuff.Being a teenager and having hardly any money after buying a new burton snowboard and an Ipod video I only have a limited amount of moneyOver all 8/10 . there are other stuff I did n't talk about but if you have a powerful computer and have atleast $ 100 to spend then this is for you . -LRB- If you buy all the sims 2 packs its $ 180 -RRB- I hope this rewiew helped
 The game concept is the same as the Sims . The navagation around the house is so much more convenient . I love the new camera options . Also , building is more complex and tools have more options . The aspiration addition is interesting for heightening your sim 's life or destroying it . The life bars still get in the way of playing the game the way I want to but cheating is much more useful in Sims 2 .
 I bought for my cousin who NEVER played the Sims 2 game and she loves it . I already have all The sims 2 games and went to EA and downloaded it . Stop giving the game bad reviews because you guys did n't read the box before buy it . No where on the box dose it say `` expanion pack '' .
 Okay , I feel a duty to write this review , because if you 're going to buy this game , or are even thinking about buying it , you should know that all of the holiday content is available for FREE on the official site . I actually bought the Holiday Pack -LRB- the one meant for those who already own The Sims 2 base game -RRB- and was SEVERELY disappointed and angered when Maxis began posting this same content on there website for FREE . That meant I had just wasted FIFTEEN bucks on something that , if I had just waited a week , I would 've known that I could just go download this stuff without having to pay ONE red CENT.There is MUCH more they could 've done with this pack , INCLUDING not charge what they did . I STRONGLY advise AGAINST buying it !!!
 I was very unhappy with the idea of buying this game when I already own the original sims 2 . Why would I want to buy it twice ? But then I discovered that if you go on the official maxis website you have the choice of just buying the add on for 15 bucks . You can even just download it instead of waiting for it to arrive , although if you feel more comfortable having the cd in hand they are offering free shipping . Just go to www.thesims2.com click the link to buy the sims 2 holiday edition and then choose the option of getting the holiday party pack for people who already own the sims 2 . The website is even offering some of the downloads from the game for free if you have registered your game with them . I 'm really glad I found this because I , like many of the other reviewers , was starting to feel cheated by maxis .
 It 's not that hard guys . The Sims 2 Holiday Edition is the whole Sims 2 plus 40 holiday items . For those of you who think that it 's a big holiday rip-off , you 're not that smart . I 've gone to the store and seen the Holiday Edition sold side by side with the original Sims 2 . They both sell for the same price . If you want the version with holiday items , then get the holiday edition . If for some reason you want the version without holiday items , get the original Sims 2 . In the end you 're only ripping yourself off if you get the regular Sims 2 when the holiday edition with some extra items is the same exact price .
 The Sims 2 Holiday Edition is a fantastic game . As long as you read the front , you 'll notice that it is not an expansion pack . I have the Sims -LRB- 1 -RRB- and really liked it , but the Sims 2 is even better ! There is much more to do . The holiday items help to make the game even more lively . If you have already bought the Sims 2 and would like to receive the holiday items , just go to TheSims.Com and you can get free downloads or buy all of the holiday items for around $ 15 . This game is awesome and keeps me entertained for hours at a time . : -RRB-
 The Sims 2 Holiday EXPANSION pack -LRB- available for online download on the EA website for $ 15 -RRB- is a great mini-expansion that is well worth the small price tag . There are many festive holiday items from Christmas trees and lights to pumpkins and costumes or a Santa outfit . It really is a must for any Sims fan.However , this product is The Sims 2 complete game with the Holiday Expansion built in . This is NOT for anyone who already owns The Sims 2 ! This gift would be perfect for anyone who does NOT own this game already , since it sells for a smaller price than buying the game and expansion pack seperately . *** This is NOT an expansion pack ! It would help if people reviewing this item would have mentioned that instead of giving it a poor rating !
 The first SIMS game was amazing . I thought it would be hard for Sims 2 to top it , even with the aging systems and the increased usefulness of diagonal walls . I was as wrong as I could get . The Sims 2 is a new angle on the Sims concept , taking the game to new levels . Sure , it 's more or less the `` basic '' Sims game all over again , but look deep enough and you 'll find massive improvements . Stairs can have more than one Sim on them at once , social interactions have multiplied like rabbits , and more than half of the objects have multiple colors and/or styles . The original Sims had one option for each bed , chair , etc. . Some beds in Sims 2 have 7 woods and 18 sheets ! That 's 126 possible beds under one option . Do n't like the one you chose ? Need it to fit a redecorated room , but you do n't want to buy a new one ? No problem ! The designers were smart and included a `` Design '' tool , which lets you change the look of any object/door/window / plant that has multiple choices for a mere 15 Simoleons . Naturally , I 've barely scratched the surface , but playing through generation after generation of your Sims , seeing how their facial features you gave minute adjustments to are passed down to their children , grandchildren , and beyond ... of course , with so many generations possible , your Sims wo n't live forever -LRB- two exceptions -RRB- ... they 'll eventually grow from babies to toddlers to children to teens to adults to elders ... then it 's off to the big luau in the sky for them . There 's so much more I want to talk about , but I do n't want to write a review that would fill up three screens on your computer ... this special Holiday Edition also lets you summon Santa Claus/St . Nicholas to deliver presents for your Sims , as well as providing special decorations and outfits to fit Christmas and Easter themes . Have fun Simming !
 I picked up the Holiday edition because I have been waiting for Sims 2 to come down in price -LRB- Um , 50 bucks for a game is ridiculous -RRB- and saw it in the store for $ 35 with all the bonus items that cost those who bought the original version an extra 15 to download online . There 's nothing wrong with the game and the bonus items are pretty neat , I like the Halloween decorations the most . -LRB- Huge and gaudy , but cool nonetheless -RRB- Just remember
 There is a Holiday Party Pack add-on for The Sims 2 . This is not it . If you already have The Sims 2 , the additional holiday features can be obtained at the EA Games website either as a download or as a CD for $ 14.95 . This version , The Sims 2 Holiday Edition , simply give new The Sims 2 purchasers the ability to get these extras for free . For more information on the core product , check out the reviews for The Sims 2 .
 Let 's start this review with this - This is the full edition of the Sims 2 game with some added bonus material thrown in . If you do not yet have the base game this is a great way to go!The game itself is a blast !! A great interaction between the characters and a huge leap beyond the original game but still has a bit of a nostalgic feel to it.I had been watching this game for some time - I wanted to buy the Sims 2 game , but just did n't want to spend that much for it . After watching things for a while I saw the Holiday set go on sale to a very reasonable price . I feel it was definitely worth it!So before you are thrown off by all the negative comments think about the game itself ! -- This is a FULL version of the game -- You do n't have to bother with downloading the extras from the internet -- It is typically priced LESS than the `` full '' version -- The game itself is a LOT of fun !!
 To anyone who purchased or is considering purchasing this as an addon to the Sims 2 , DO N'T . It 's not an expansion-pack . It 's a re-release of the original game . It has additional content , but you can also obtain that in the Holiday Party Pack -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- most of the additional content was also availible on the Sims 2 Website.If , on the other hand , you do not have the Sims 2 and are considering buying the original release , you should get this one instead .
 Please be aware that this is a `` Holiday edition '' not a `` holiday expansion pack '' NOWHERE on the package does it say it is an expansion pack . Anyone who purchased it simply was n't paying attention . Do n't blame EA for your own careless mistakes.If you already own the Sims 2 , the `` Holiday extras '' are available for download -LRB- or to to be shipped -RRB- for 15 dollars from the ea store exclusively.The objects include christmas and Hanukkah decorations including : christmas lights , wallpapers , ginger bread houses , window and door treatments , candles , wreaths , clothing , furnishings , food , and many other items . there is also fireworks that can be used for New years and the fourth of July.The objects are nice addition for any sims player who likes storytelling , moviemaking , or simply enjoys the holiday season .
 Really , if you do n't have the Sims 2 already this is a fantastic deal ! But if you DO already have Sims 2 - then you can get just the holiday items from the EA website . But to slam the company just because you did n't read the fine print , no wait , LARGE print on the package , seems silly . It is not uncommon in this day and age for a company to re-release and/or bundle things together . Read the product descriptions to avoid confusion - simple as that !
 If you read the box carefully then you know that there are only 40 new items and that it is just the same game as the Sims 2 . However if you do not previously own The Sims 2 and you get this item then you have a deal .
 Seriously . The Sims 2 is a great game . Buy this game if you do n't already have the Sims 2 because it 's the same price and comes with extra items.Anyone who thinks/thought this is an expansion quite obviously did n't look at the box . It 's pretty much a bundle for people who OBVIOUSLY have n't gotten the game yet and were thinking about picking it up . It 's the game . With extra items . For the same price.Anyone who complains about there being two versions of this and calling THIS ONE the rip off is really not that smart.It 's like someone who buys an X-BOX core system and then the X-BOX deluxe bundle and then complains about the fact that the X-BOX deluxe is the same X-BOX just with more stuff.Honestly , the other reviewers who said not to buy this are retarded.If you do n't have the Sims 2 already and you want it , there 's really no reason not to pick it up and if the person you 're planning on giving it to -LRB- if it 's a gift -RRB- does n't already have it than it 's also a great Christmas present being that it ` sthe SAME as the Sims 2for the SAME pricebut with EXTRA stufffor the SAMESTARTING cost.Seriously.DUH .
 Harrison 's for handspring is great . I 'm a medical student and this product helps me on the wards on a daily -LRB- hourly -RRB- basis . It 's more concise than the real Harrison 's -LRB- thank god -RRB- , but still contains all the essentials
 At first glimpse , one might jump to the conclusion that this is a storage case for your Game Boy Advance SP system . However , this is not the case at all.It consists of two levels . The bottom row contains the link cable , SP space , SP cord , Headphone adapter , 2 `` 2-game holders , '' 2 screen protectors , headphones , and FM radio accessory . The upper level has two mesh pockets for the car adapter and magnifier.The case itself is wonderful . Beautifully crafted , sturdy , as if it could plow through 18 brick walls and then some.The magnifier is made of a cheap , lightweight plastic which has a `` McDonalds Happy Meal Toy '' feel . The screen lid does n't stay up very well . Also , I find it more difficult to use the magnifier than to play without it . Although , for people with sight-problems , this is a blessing.The relatively long car adapter does what it promises . Although , I bought a much better adapter that does n't feel like it was given away for free at some party.The game link cable delivers what it promises as well . Though not my top choice looks-wise , it is still an average-looking cable that is well built and does n't have the cheap feel of the rest of the items.The Game Boy Advance SP cord does n't seem like it would be of much use to me ... but wearing things around your neck seems to be very popular in japan . That must be the reason behind ths carrying cord , as I do n't think I would be caught dead wearing a Game Boy around my neck.The game cases come in two colors
 This product is worth every cent it cost . I was expecting the case to be flimsy , but to my surprise it is very well constructed . It has the feel and durabilty of a hard side briefcase . I purchased this for my 7 year old son for our trip back to the states . If by chance he needs to open up his carry on for airport security inspection things will be easily displayed . Considering ordering another one for my daughter for the same purposes . This is perfect for anyone old enough to play GameBoy Advanced SP . As some of the other reviewers have said it truely comes with almost everything you would need to make your GBA SP expirence enjoyable . It is a perfect size for a backpack , and holds eveything nicely !!!! ... BUY IT !!!!!!
 This kit has the Link cable and the car adaptor . It has screen protectors , the screen magnifier AND a neck strap . It also has 2 game cases to hold your games AND the FM radio adapter WITH earphones , not to mention an ALMOST buletproof case with room for your Gameboy Advance SP . There 's room for the AC charging adaptor too , IF you 're careful !
 There is nothing misleading about this unit !!! In regards to a comment that was made about not having a place to hook up a headset , the case comes with an adapter that plugs into the unit so you are able to hook up your headset . It comes with everything you need for your gameboy and it is well worth the money . I highly recommend one of these if you own a gameboy . . GREAT BARGAIN !!!
 This is a gamer 's dream . This case is big enough to fit all sorts of accsessories , and small enough to fit inside your backpack or other bag . Plus , this case is ultra-stylish and ultra-durable . As soon as you hold this baby , you 'll know what I mean . Plus , this comes with like a million other great items ! It includes four game cases , a lens protector , a Game Link -LRB- R -RRB- cable , a car -LRB- DC -RRB- adapter , and GBA SP headphones . Now , if 40 dollars is more than you want to spend , than do n't buy it , though I think this is an excellent deal for an item this excellent .
 Actually bought 2 of these and both children just love it ! Sturdy , nice looking , protects and holds accessories to their GBA 's and is even padded where actual GBA fits to protect from bumping around . Nothing but good things to say about these kits . . great purchase .
 I recently purchased this for my daughter , it is great . It is tough and I do not have to worry about her breakig the GBA . She keeps everything together in it . Everyone who sees it asks where it came from . The accessories come in very handy . She loves it .
 This is the best thing I ever bought besides the actual GBA SP itself . It is great ! It has a lot of compartments to store your stuff in and comes with a ton of stuff also . This is a great investment . I would definately recomend it to anybody .
 We purchased this kit for my son -LRB- who is 10 -RRB- and he has been very pleased with it . The case itself is very nice . It is very sturdy and gives lots of room to carry his gameboy console and extra game cartridges and the accesories . The kit includes several items including headphones , screen protectors , and game cartridge cases . However , the two that are the most useful and helpful are definitely the car charger and the gameboy console connector . The car charger allows the gameboy to be plugged into the car 's cigarette lighter for power and the gameboy console connector allows my son and his sister to connect their consoles and play multi-player games together . These two items are especially useful on long car trips when batteries often run out of power or people get `` bored '' playing by themselves . When we ordered this kit I believe we got it on sale for $ 15 or $ 16 and it is definitely worth that price . If you have any avid gamers in your family who own a Gameboy Advance SP , then I can definitely recommend this product .
 this item looks great and i am thinking about a purchase twords it . does it realy allow you to listen to fm radio -LRB- as one review stated -RRB- and how is it praticaly bulletproof its aluminum -LRB- unless you are talking about a b-b gun -RRB-
 I should of just bought the $ 20 case that Amazon offers . Because I never touch the accessories . That was $ 20 wasted . I thought I would use the car adapter . But , I do n't because I get sick playing the GBA SP in the car . I guess it 's because I am not a kid.The only way I would use the adapter for the car would be just to charge my GBA SP . Like , if I am going somewhere to spend the night & do n't want to charge the GBA SP when I get there I can charge it in the car to save gaming time.Overall , I would give the case it self five stars & I would give the accessories one star .
 I have had both the sp and the gba set . They both are quality and great.Beware though the sp has other sets other than this one and I got sent the wrong one . . but not the brands fault was the sellers for not checking the inventory to the invoice . I wanted silver and got blue and got no ac/dc but a radio instead . and HUGE cases not as shown . But the brand is good and what can I do it was either that or go without till after xmas they said , I will not do business with returnwarehouse again.But hey it 's not the products fallt that it was wrong and I pd for fast shipping and it came 3 week later almost.Enough said . . : -RRB-
 THIS IS MY SECOND ONE OF THESE I HAVE THE SP AND THE GBAI FOUND BOTH TO BE QUALITY BUT I WAS SHIPPED THE WRONG COLOR AND KIT IN MY SP SHIPPING.THE PRODUCT IS GREAT ON EITHER CASE/ACCESSORIES HOWEVER , BEWARE THERE ARE NUMEROUS KITS OUT THERE BY INTEC AND MY SHIPPER -LRB- NOT AMAZON OR GAMESPOT -RRB- GOT MY ORDER MESSED UP I NOT ONLY WAITED WEEKS FOR WHAT I PAID FOR FAST SHIPPING RATES BUT I GOT A BLUE AND NEEDED A SILVER COLOR . AND WITH THE BIRTHDAY NOW SO CLOSE TO XMAS I HAD NO CHOSE BUT TO KEEP IT . THEY DID NOT RESPOND TO EMAIL NOR PHONE . TOO BUSY ... . TOO BUSY I AM NOT SURE IF I CAN STATE THE COMPANY JUST BEWARE OF SELLERS ON AMAZON I WOULD PAY MORE TO GET THE RIGHT ONE . . BUT THEY HAD GOOD FEEDBACK AT THAT TIME -LRB- NOT SO NOW I SEE -RRB- . BUT THE PRODUCT IS GREAT !
 HI , I PURCHASED BOTH SETS SP AND GBA AND USED THE GBA FOR SOMETIME NOW . IT WAS AS STATED AND WAS GREAT.I GOT THE SP AND GOT DELIVERED THE WRONG KIT -LRB- WAS BLUE AND NOT AS SHOWN IT HAD NO AD/DC ADAPTOR NOR DID IT HAVE THE GAME CASES SHOWN BUT 2 LARGE ONES THAT HELD FOUR . I DID GET A RADIO -LRB- BUT IT WILL NEVER BE USED -RRB- IT CAME WITH AN ADAPTOR FOR THE EARPIECE WHICH WAS GREAT ... AS ALWAYS FROM INTEC . AND THE MAG WAS GREAT JUST THEY DID NOT SEND THE COLOR AND WHEN I ORDER SILVER . . I WANT SILVER . SO BEWARE OF OTHERS SELLERS ON AMAZON BESIDES AMAZON ULESS YOU BUY IT IN PERSON AND KNOW THE KIT YOUR GETTING . I WAS TOLD IT WOULD BE THE ONE SHOWN HERE AND IT WAS FAR OFF FROM IT.HMM DID NOT KNOW THEY HAD ANOTHER KIT OFFERED IN THIS CASE STYLE.I DID GET A GOOD DEAL BUT THEN I PAID FOR FAST SHIPPING AND IT TOOK TRIPLE THE TIME AND NO DISCOUNT ON MY SHIPPING . NO RESPONSE TO EMAILS OR PHONE CALLS AT THE PLACE I GOT MINE . . SO STICK WITH AMAZON ... BEST TO BE SAFER.THANKS ALL I GOT TO SAY . . BEWARE OF SELLERS BUT A GREAT KIT .
 This is good product to have dont get me wrong but they should have made a flame and onyx color but i understand but it is a good kit to have to be listening to the radio and playing super mario bros 3 . now i bought a ultimate pak and it was only $ 50.00 and it is a whole lot better .
 This is `` the box '' my two kids take everytime we travel . They have owned it for 2 years . It protects both GBA units and several games . There is also storage for the adapters . Buy it for the case . The extra stuff it just a bonus .
 THIS ALUMINUM KIT IS PRETTY GOOD.IT 'S ONLY MISLEADINGBECAUSE IT COMES WITH HEADPHONES BUT THE GAME BOY SPDOES N'T HAVE A SPOT TO PLUG IN THE HEADPHONES.BUT THEGAME CASES ARE GOOD FOR PROTECTING YOUR GAMES FROM GETTINGDAMAGE.BUT ALL IN ALL IT 'S GOOD FOR ALL GAMERS .
 This kit keeps your Game Boy organized and more fun to play . I reconmend it .
 I found this great , take your GBA on trips and to school . you can keep it safe in this ! Nice aluminum case really shabby . Buy THIS !
 This is so much fun I alwys wanted one of these . But Too bad they do n't have it in other colors . But overall It 's Good .
 This is A Great carrying case and package it comes with all u need and your gba sp is still in good condition and your games are protected with game cases this a GAMERS dream case and it has a fashionable look it is platinum color with makes look like a brief case so nobody needs to know whats inside !!!
 Really enjoyed this classic FPS . Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed . i highly recommend purchasing . Graphics are great , story-line is solid -LRB- and not so short -RRB- , audio is excellent and the price is right .
 This is a great game and it 's very challenging ! I would recommend this game to anyone who needs a little brain teaser .
 Another winner from Her Interactive , Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake is an exciting addition to the Nancy Drew PC Game canon . This one is a bit scarier than some of the other ND games , but there is nothing so creepy as to scare a young child too much . The game itself follows the usual layout of other ND games
 This game is like all the other mystery games . You need to find the clues and interigate people . I have always enjoyed the Nance Drew Series . This is not my favorite but it was ok . My daughters enjoyed this one more . The clues are easier for them to figure out .
 My sister and I have finished every Nancy Drew game we have except this one . First , I could n't find the Red-Tailed hawk . It was very hard to get the dog statues in place , and it was hard to learn how to run the boat ! The boat blew up the first time I tried it !!! I DID N'T EVEN KNOW IT COULD DO THAT !!! I rate this game about 4 stars .
 Hounded by a pack of shadowy dogs , a dreamy summer cabin at Moon Lake becomes a nightmare for Nancy Drew ! The lake 's residents tell tales about a notorious gangster who lived there long ago with his beloved pets . Are the dogs still protecting his secrets ? They 're getting closer ; should Nancy run for her life or risk their bared fangs in her search for the truth ? Once a hideout for a notorious gangster , this lakeside cabin may hold clues to his villainious past . There is nothing modern about Moon Lake . Rely on old-fashioned sleuthing skills to solve its mysteries . Listen closely in the forests and fields as you sniff out clues . You may hear the answer in a bird 's distant call . Hidden deep below the sunnny skies and crystal-clear lake are dark caverns where secrets are safe from prying eyes . Folks living around Moon Lake seem friendly , but someone 's hiding a secret behind that down-home hospitality . P.S If you need help with this game , please post a review titled `` Dear Nancy , '' I will try to respond as soon as possible but please be patient and check every day . I ca n't give you any direct answers as it would spoil it for other people . I hope to hear from you soon ! : -RRB-
 This Nancy Drew game is one of the best software that HerInteractive has made ! The puzzles are not too hard , but challenging enough to be fun . The setting is fun and the characters are never boring to watch . I am ten years old , but that does n't mean that adults or other younger children ca n't play this game . My friend 's sister is five years old , my brother is nine years old and they both play this game .
 One of my two tied favorite Nancy Drew games , this is a game for everyone . You , as Nancy , are visiting a friend , when two things happen - a tree falls behind your car , meaning you ca n't leave , and the friend ins n't home . She calls from her car , but breaks up , leaving you to wonder just what she meant by Malone 's dogs ... Basically , you need to figure out just what is going on with the ghost dogs . Are they real dogs , belonging to a cunning criminal ? Or are they truly the dogs of a long dead ganster , trying to keep everyone away from his house -- the house you 're staying in?This game has many cool features such as some of the best graphics I 've ever seen , calling friends -LRB- Bess and George -RRB- for tips , and a second chance feature that allows you to continue from right before you goofed.I recomend this challenging game to anyone , boy or girl , kid or adult , who enjoys a good mystery and a minimal violence , educational-value game .
 This is the first ND game I ever played . I got it when I was eight but at that time it was a little too scary and challenging . But when I picked it up at age eleven I was hooked . Me and one of my best friends play it over and over again loving it each time.So basically Nancy goes to visit a friend in her cabin by the lake . Haha no movie refrence intended for anyone who caught that . Well anyway your friend is n't there and a tree is keeping you from leaving . So Nancy sets out to discover the mystery of a gangster Malone and his dogs that just wo n't leave . Yes-I mean ghost dogs . You go through this game with fun challenges such as finding your way out of a burning shed , or other challeneges that prove to be well-challenging ! I garuntee you 'll love this game even though it 's an old one . There 's no way you 'll be able to put it down so it 's well worth your money ! I started playing it when I was eleven and I still replay it now that I 'm thirteen ! -LSB- I reccommend ages 10 + -RSB-
 This game is good like all other nancy drew games but , this one is more creepy and erie . I recommend this to anyone who wants to play a nancy drew game or any adventure pc game that is quite easy to get into . This was one of my favorites . Hope this helped .
 To give potential buyers a guideline , I 'm 42 years old and educated.I enjoyed this game very much . The only reason I gave it 4 stars for `` fun '' was because searching for the bugs and birds was a little monotonous and aggravating . Overall , though , it was educational , the puzzles were challenging -LRB- but not impossible -RRB- , and it had a complete storyline .
 It was great , just scary enough to make it fun but not too scary for kids . A lot to do , the characters are well done , they add to the story line . Up to a certain point you 're always wondering who and what is really going on , until it all comes together . We really enjoyed it !
 This is a great game ! Now , I 'm looking for another because I 'm hooked on the games ! It 's not too hard or too easy , and I love the setting . A great ending , too !
 love anything ND havent played it yet but i bet it will be awesome just like the rest of her games .
 As with all of the Nancy Drew PC games , it is addictive . Set aside a weekend because you are not going to break away until you solve the crime . My daughter , now leaving for college , and I have played every one of these games together over the years . Thanks Her Interactive for great girl time .
 Personally , I am not one to play puzzle games , but this puzzle game ca n't be exactly defined as a normal puzzle game , it 's fast , there are enemies , different levels with different ways of playing , multiple 1 Player modes , multiplayer modes , and ending bosses . I do n't know about the rest of you , but this game screams action game . This game was created by the same game designer as the mario smash bros. games , so you know it 's gon na make a hit . Another great thing about the game is the soundtrack , every planet has it 's own theme song and sound effects . Also , the game has a ton of replay value , there are different endings that depend on you 're score , path , and ability to complete missions in one mode , and there are a ton of unlockables , like planets you can use in the main game as in the multiplayer , and the soundtrack from the planets that you can listen to in the extras section . I seriously reccomend this game to puzzle fanatics and any other gamer out there .
 This game is simply jaw dropping . i have never had so much fun in a puzzle game not even tetris -LRB- which was my favorite puzzle game 'til now ! -RRB- . words ca n't describe this beautiful puzzler . this is definatly one of the best handheld games ever made especially if you luv puzzle games .
 one of the best puzzle games i have seen for the ds . even though tetris did not come right away this was the perfect substitute for it . the game is like crack . once you try it you never put it down . new worlds to unlock and items to use to fight planets with.you can also fuse planets and items to fight meteo . i hope you enjoy the game as much as i did
 I bought this game several years ago , and I still consider this my favorite DS game of all time . Every now and then , I get the urge to play it again , so I pick it up , delete all my saves , and unlock everything again . I 've probably deleted my save files at least three times . This is the most fun , addicting game on the DS . In fact , aside from Portal , this is my favorite puzzle game ever made . It 's really that good.The gameplay is simple . You try to move blocks up and down with your stylus to get three in a row . But when you get three in a row , those tiles turn into rockets that boost everything on and above those blocks toward the top of the screen . If they make it to the top , the blocks are sent into your opponents ' screens . Your opponents are doing the same thing as you are -LRB- and you can watch them do so on the top screen -RRB- , so you are constantly getting bombarded with blocks as well . If one column of blocks reaches the top of your screen for too long , you lose a life.I can not express how fun this gameplay is . One of the game 's creators was the director of HAL laboratories and created Super Smash Bros. . This is very evident in the game . There is a TON of unlockable content in the form of new worlds , items , and music.Speaking of music , the music in this game is top notch . I 've sat around and just listened to Meteos music before . Really . It 's great . When your planet is calm and does n't have very many blocks on it , the music is also calm . Then as your screen gets halfway filled up , the music gets more intense . Finally , as you 're about to die , the music is really fast and frantic , making you want to move your stylus even faster.Again , this is one of my favorite games of all time . You should at least give it a try .
 Normally I 'm not a huge fan of puzzle games . But there 's just something about this game that makes me love it . Maybe it 's the music , which is different on every planet and is directly controlled by the gameplay . Maybe it 's the tactile sensation of the stylus based control . Maybe it 's just fun to launch things into the sky . Whatever the reason , this game is very , very fun . Essentially , meteors are raining from the sky in the shape of squares , and you use the stylus to align them into groups of three vertically of horizontally . Once they 're aligned , they ignite and launch upwards , taking with them all the other Meteos on top . The twist is that every planet has a different gravity . Some favor horizontal launches , some favor vertical . Some make you start other ignitions while the Meteos are mid-air . The stylus controls are very good , and it seldom moves the wrong block . The game is surprisingly deep , and adds a layer of replay value in that you unlock other planets by buying them with Meteos you 've launched . You can use these new planets to play a single player game to earn more Meteos or to play wireless multiplayer . Both of which are very fun . Basically , Meteos is a very solid puzzle game that 'll leave you addicted , and has great replay value . Give it a try . Even if you do n't normally like puzzle games , chances are you 'll like this game .
 i mean it . i have 2 cousins -LRB- 14 and 9 years -RRB- tha hateD puzzles , but well , this game is kind of puzzle-action . whatever , i borrowed this game to them , and i think it washed their brains , because now they love puzzles -LRB- speccialy this one -RRB- . this game is perfect for everyone , being lover or hater of puzzles .
 I admit , I hate puzzle games . But they mixed up action and a story in Meteos , which makes it really fun . You use te touch screen 100 % of the time -LRB- inless you want to use buttons at the menus -RRB- . There are lots of planets to destroy , but teh game can be easy sometimes . Overall , this is a great game . YOU should buy it if you have a DS
 It 's a fun puzzle game that gets you addicted real quick . Each world has its own gravity , its own atmosphere , and its own amount of space for the meteos to land , so every single puzzle is different and you have to know each one to be the best at it . the controls are easy to learn , yet its still challenging . Also the fact that you can play with someone that doesnt even have the game is a big big plus . If you liked tetris , you 'll love this .
 the concept of this game sounds simple enough , colored blocks are falling and you must line up three of the same color in an attepmt to get rid of them . But for some odd reason something so simple is stupidly addictive , i simply could not put this game down for a very long time . With many planets to play on and each one having a different style of play , you must adapt quickly or fall under the crushing wieght of a screen full of meteos . each planet starts out slow to let the player get the hang of it 's specific gravity quirks but will gradualy speed up until it simply becomes inhuman to continue . So all in all it is a simple yet highly addictive puzzle game that is an absolute must have for any DS owner .
 This game is great if you 're a fan of Tetris or Bejeweled-type games . It has a very small plot behind the game itself , but it does n't affect the gameplay any . Use of the stylus feels natural , and you can play as fast or slow as you want . It has excellent replay value as you can unlock various levels and items to further the gameplay experience . I love that you can play a short game or a long game , and you still earn points towards unlocking other things either way . Overall this is a fun game , and it does n't stop being fun even after you 've unlocked everything .
 If you 're a fan of puzzle games like Tetris , then you should certainly give Meteos for the Nintendo DS a try . It 's rather like Tetris with a dash of Lumines thrown in.For those who somehow missed out on Tetris and Lumines , both are falling-block style puzzle games . Tetris is famous for being the first , and Lumines has recently garnered praise for its gorgeous soundtracks and style themes . Meteos does n't have quite the graphic flair of Lumines , but it does come close.In essence the `` story '' involves you launching attacks in space . The blocks fall down from the top of the screen , as usual in these games . Instead of trying to rotate the blocks though , they fall singly and you can then only drag a block up or down in its column to form rows or columns of matching colors . You can do this with the buttons but it is FAR faster and easier to use the stylus to do the dragging.The Lumines-style themes for background and block type start out with only a few options , but as you work your way through the game you unlock more and more . Some are simple , with classic single-colored blocks that look vaguely gem-like . Others are really wild , with little squiggly characters in each block . I find it really makes a big difference in how quickly I can get through a level , depending on which block set I use . Some are easy to see color combinations with , while others can make it quite a challenge.Once you get three of a color to line up , they do n't vanish as in other Tetris style games . Instead , they `` blast upwards '' , pushing up any blocks that happen to be higher in the stack . That is , if you have three full stacks of blocks and cause the bottommost three blocks to all be green , those three full stacks will start moving up off the screen . Sometimes they go right off - but sometimes they are sluggish and start to fall back downwards . You must then match up other threesomes in that stack to give the rockets extra `` energy '' to continue leaving the playing area . Once you get enough rocket blasts launched , you move on to the next stage.For Tetris addicts , it takes some practice to get the hang of only sliding blocks up and down , never left or right . Your mind keeps seeing patterns that you simply ca n't make . However , once you get your brain re-trained to think in up and down movements only , it really is quite fun.Part of a frustration factor for some people is going to be the controls . Pointing to the exact block you need with your stylus - and dragging it up or down to the exact right position - is n't always easy . Trying to use the controls instead is simply too slow . The game really rewards the dexterous , but will be quite annoying for those who do n't have fine motor control.That being said , I really did have a lot of fun with Meteos , and am glad I got it!Rating
 I was looking to buy this game for quite awhile after hearing and reading all the good stuff about it . I finally did and I have not been disappointed . For a game that does not come with online play you can spend a ton of time playing it by yourself . The modes that are available are vast in their replayability.If you do not know this game is a different take on tetris . Blocks fall from the top of the screen and it is your job to line up 3 alike horizontally . Once you have done that they will fly upwards , depending on the level your playing on they will fly off the screen . This will create a bunch of blocks on your opponents screen . The blocks will first appear as nothing but eventually change to the normal blocks . If at any time one of the rows of blocks gets full to the point where there is no room for another to fit you/your opponent will lose . This is the basic premise of the game , and its terribly addicting .
 When I bought this game and started it I did n't really give it a chance . Now that I picked it back up I have found a new love -LRB- and hate ... get to that in a moment -RRB- for the game . The only thing i would recommend would be to use the stylus to control it because if you use the d-pad then the game is much too hard . Now the thing i hate about it is that i ca n't sleep at night after playing it ... i see the meteos in my head and still play it even if the game is n't in front of me . Excellent game and one I 'm glad I gave a second chance .
 I love this game . It has elements of other puzzle games but is different -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . I usually turn off or turn down the music in games as it gets repetitious and annoying , but I love the music in this game . Meteos is addictive and scalable in difficulty . It can be easy or very challenging and you get to decide .
 Both me and my fiance had difficulty picking this up to play . I 'm ashamed to admit it , but we actually had to look at the game manual . Once we got it down we 've had a lot of fun playing this . We 're still not sure exactly what we 're doing , but we 've been making new planets and going cross-eyed and having a blast doing it .
 This game is very difficult and is up there with Tetris . I actually think it is much more difficult to keep up with Meteos , but it 's a great game and you 'll definitely enjoy playing .
 Meteos is a really fun and addictive puzzler with plenty of unlockable features that will keep you playing for hours on end . The premise of Meteos is simple , you line up blocks of `` Meteos '' , -LRB- which are basically meteors that rain down from the evil planet Meteos -RRB- either horizontally or vertically and blast them back into space towards enemy planets . What really makes Meteos unique and fun are the diverse levels , each level representing a certain planet . I found the level designs -LRB- levels range from mechanized planets , an earth like planet , and even a bubble planet -RRB- and music -LRB- music ranges from classical style to techno -RRB- unique and the more you play Meteos the more chance you have at unlocking more planets and other features , such as music , weapons , and new elements . Each planet also has its unique set of gravity which effects gameplay.There are various modes of play in Meteos . You can play Simple Mode , where you basically play until either time runs out or until you lose , there is also a Star Trip mode , which is basically a story mode that pits you against various planets and depending on the route you take , you can see various endings . There is also a multiplayer mode , however I have yet to try this out . All in all , I highly recommend Meteos to the DS player , its gameplay is simple yet highly addictive , it offers loads of unlockable features , replay value is high , and the level designs and game music really take this game to a whole other level .
 this game is really cool but the adventure is way to short . even 5 star mode is easy but the really fun part of the game is multiplayer that is what made me get the game . buy this game if you have cool friends with nintendo ds and metoes buy it but dont get it if you are a nerd that has no friends so over all BUY THIS GAME
 I Love This Game ! This Puzzle Game IS GREAT ! And I Love The Music In This Game ! It 's so GOOD ! I 'm proud I bought IT ! : -RRB-
 This game is very hard to describe when trying to make it sound as good as it is . Many people might say it 's Tetris like , which it is to a SMALL extent , but it 's far more . The basics of the game is trying to line up 3 falling blocks of the same color -- when you do , they fly up into the sky and blast enemies . There is a little bit of a story line , but mainly , you are just trying to line up those blocks ! The fun comes in that there are many different playing field to do this with , and each is a little different -- different gravity , different strategies that work best , different kinds of blocks . And wildly different music -- I am not someone that usually is that into music in video games , but this music is GREAT -- it ranges from a country twang to a outer space sound to almost classical , and it really gets you into a groove . The other cool thing is that any block you manage to shoot into space gets added to your store of blocks , which you use to unlock more planets , and to unlock special kinds of blocks that do things like clear the board . You can play multi-player against the computer , but I so longed to try this in real multi-player mode I actually broke down and bought a second DS . I think I 'm going to buy a second copy of the game , too , so I can use all the multi-player options -LRB- with one copy , you can play a limited version two player -RRB- This is the kind of game that makes you want to keep playing just a little more , to try to get a new planet , to try to make a new goal , just to see what the next area sounds and looks like ... a TERRIFIC game !
 I definitely am amazed at times to what makes games so addictive and fun , especially puzzle games . To me , they are just the most addictive video games ever in the world . Since the days when Tetris and Dr. Mario reined supreme , they have spawned so much more within the linking chains of virtual puzzles . That also has been the case with the Nintendo DS . Although they have tried to make the status of must have puzzle games with Polarium , it really did n't add up all the way . However , when the thought of putting puzzles into action and space came around , the battales became uniquely outrageous.Meteos for the Nintendo DS is a really , great puzzle game that really tests your memory , thinking and the movement with the stylus in the blink of a eye . The object of the game is for you to defend you spacecraft , and try to connect three of the same , exact puzzle blocks across or vertical for you to launch missles at the mind-controlling worlds . Unlike most handheld games , Meteos really is all about the control of the stylus . Although you can try to use the d-pad and buttons in this game , they arguably wo n't be as easy or skilled as the stylus . The graphics in this game are incredibly unique and vivid not just with the worlds , but the fact that the blocks are specifically designed to test you through each one of the worlds . That makes you feel like you absolutely are n't playing the exact same game . The music also has the feelings of space-like conditions of Star Trek through a blender , and carries out fairly well with each turn of the game.Meteos is definitely one of the most addictive puzzle games I 've ever played in years . This is absolutely the must have of all puzzle games for the Nintendo DS . I definitely love it , and you 'll definitely enjoy it , once you start to play this gem.Graphics
 Ever since Tetris made it big in the original Gameboy , several clones have come . Dr. Mario , Columns , Blocktris . . You name it.This game , while inspired in Tetris , is another thing upon itself . Sure , you have the same setup
 Curse you , Tetsuya Mizuguchi ! Unleashing Lumines on an unsuspecting public was n't enough ? You had to make another incredible puzzle game?Much as I 'm loathe to admit it , Lumines drew from that Tetris vibe everyone is so fond of . I 'm not saying that 's a bad thing , I 'm just saying that it really was n't that original . -LRB- Not that there are very many ways you can make falling blocks seem interesting . -RRB- Meteos , in contrast , does n't really have any games you can compare it to . It 's also probably the only puzzle game with a plot of any form , let alone alternate endings . Basically , a giant eye is out killing planets by spewing blocks on them , and you 're the only one who can put a stop to it.Unlike most other games in the genre , you do n't get to control the blocks as they appear . They just fall and fall , faster and faster . What you do get to do is use the stylus to move the blocks either up or down . Match three of the same kind of block -LRB- vertically or horizontally -RRB- , and you jettison all of the blocks above them into the air . You 're basically in constant peril , because when there are n't a lot of blocks on the screen you 're hard pressed to find a match , and when there are you can easily find a match but have nearly no time to do so . In short , I find playing to be exciting ! Challenging , to be sure , but I can respect that.BOTTOM LINE
 Pros : - The music is very impressive . Each of the 30 or so planets have different music.-10 / 10-The graphics are very clean and good looking.-10 / 10-Multi-player can be multi-card or single card play , I had so much fun playing with my cousin ! -10 / 10-The control is the best I have seen for a puzzle game -LRB- yes , better than polarium . In fact , polarium was a huge bust compared to meteos . If you are deciding on which games to get , completely rule polarium out . -RRB- Anyway , control gets a 10.-Replay is very good . It is not really repettitive , unless you do the same planet over and over and over again . Then the music starts to sorta get to you , but other than that , this game is one I play very very often , so if you beat games quickly , you will be ok . 9/10-The difficulty can be changed , 1 being the most easy , and 5 being the hardest . -LRB- like you needed to know that , -RRB- Starting out can be a little difficult until you get how the game works . Yes , I do recomend the tutorial.-10 / 10-did I mention how great the music is ? Well , the music is the greatest reward in the game . I think that the music is the best motive to do cool combos . Well the music is superb.Well . I guess I got everything unless you count those people who put stuff like `` gliches '' in there review . -LRB- Which meteos have none that I can see . -RRB- Yah .
 Meteos is a game that stands head and shoulders above most of the other puzzle games on the DS . When you consider just how many puzzlers exist for the DS you 'll realize that 's a pretty strong statement , but of all the puzzlers I 've seen and played for the handheld system I 'd rank Meteos very near the top.Audience
 I mean it , I was up until 3am some nights playing it , and needing to be up at 6am made that a bad choice . I 'm in my thirties , and I hate tetris -LRB- find it dull -RRB- someone else compared this to tetris , it 's more like the 3-in-a-row games like puyo puyo etc. the way it 's hooked together , the unlocks , all of it make you keep playing.It was a little too hard to control the impulse to play -LRB- seriously -RRB- , so I sold it on eBay . If I did n't have a family to provide for I 'd have kept it , but it was affecting my productivity at work .
 Meteos is yet another spectacular , exclusive title for the DS that takes full advantage of what Nintendo 's dual screened portable system is capable of . Best described by a previous reviewer as being Tetris on crack , Meteos is a fast paced , alien world themed puzzle game that features a variety of playing modes and options , each doing something different with every play . Using the stylus to shoot matching , lined up blocks into the sky , Meteos ' innovative gameplay comes off as being surprisingly addictive , helping the game become one of the early flagship titles for the DS . For puzzle game veterans , Meteos may not be as challenging as some may hope , but above all else , this game promises on what Nintendo promises for all of their first party DS titles
 This game ... wow , what can I say ? This is the best game I have for the DS , one that I find myself going back to over , and over , and over again . The premise is simple ... combine like-colored `` meteos '' in an attempt to launch them into space , should the planet 's gravity permit it . It 's a creative , fun variation on Tetris , and offers a ton of unlockables , several different modes , and a multiplayer option that is incredibly intense and enjoyable . The graphics are great , with bright , vibrant colors , and the music , believe it or not , is actually quite good , with different tunes for each planet . In short , a great puzzler , perhaps the best game out there for DS right now ... get yours today !
 This is definitely one of the better games out for the Nintendo DS . I 'd highly recommend this for anyone looking for an addicting puzzle game . Very fun multiplayer , lots of unlockable features , and a quick , engaging single-player mode as well.The game play is quite hectic at first , but give it a chance , it will grow on you .
 I bought Meteos because I wanted a game that would let me truly break in the touch screen capabilities of my DS . Using it to jump worlds and use my backup powerup in New Super Mario Brothers just was n't cutting it.I 've owned it for a grand total of 5 hours and can declare it to be one of the best games I 've ever played.The object of the game is simple
 One of the greatest games i have ever played . Addictive and very very quirky . From the creator of the amazing game Lumines , how bad can this game really be ? Let me start by saying , im not too avid at puzzle games . As a matter of fact i tend to hate them . But this one instantly hooked me with its cleverness and unique style . I urge you to go to a DS download station and try this game more than once , because at first it seems stupid , but then you are hooked . Trust me . I havent gotten a chance to play multiplayer with real people yet , but playing against the computer is simply amazing . My DS lite has never been more fun to play .
 Meteos is sorta like Tetris and Cubix 2 -LRB- The game on msn -RRB- rolled into one with a hint of the DS game , Nanostrike . Basically , you line up different colored cubes -LRB- Some are green for herb , blue for water , red for fire ect . -RRB- as they are falling down . You can line up 3 or more cubes vertically , or horizantally . But you have to line up 3 of the SAME colored cubes . Then , they `` blast off '' off of the screen . Its sorta like Tetris since if the screen fills up , you lose , and your planet dies . But this is n't the only thing . You have weapons to use to destroy the blocks . They come randomly , and sometimes not at all , but its fun having the feeling that your loaded with weapons for an added feel of sofistication.This game is hard to describe as fun , when I 'm writing the review , but the game itself when you play it is 10x more fun than what it says in my review . Once you play it , you CA N'T GET OFF !!!! I 've been playing soo much that my vision is starting to dull . But as soon as I see my Meteos game in my DS , I forget about that and start playing . This game is really addicting , and I 'M WARNING YOU , do n't play it when somebody 's talking to you , because you : A
 this game is one of the best puzzle games iv eever played and it never gets boring
 I 'm addicted to this game , so it was worth the wait and was sealed and perfect . But the vendor did n't mail it right away , and it seemed to take forever for it to arrive . They must sell a lot of product and ca n't mail items daily . But it was a good buy and exactly what I wanted .
 This game is a puzzle game . I personally feel that the reviews are too over-rated for what it 's worth . It 's kind of like Bejeweled except you can only line up blocks vertically , and not horizontally , which kind of bothers me . There 's not really a storyline ... it 's not incredibly fun , but will probably last you a fairly good ten minutes of game play . It 's really the effects when you line up the same colored blocks and the sounds and graphics that give you that `` high '' of the game .
 This game is great . Even my Mom likes to play it . I 'm 9 and got a meteos!My brother is 13 and loves it too . great game .
 This is a good add-on to Microsoft 's Combat Flight Simulator -LRB- The European Theater -RRB- by Abacus . It adds a dozen airplanes and China scenery , including the F2A Brewster `` Buffalo , '' which was so maligned by Marine Corps pilots at the battle of Midway but was valued by the Finns against the Russians . Anyway , it was interesting to fly the game version . It snap rolls nicely . Last I heard there was a squadron of Buffalos flying on line , I think on Air Warriors.The scenery and graphics are on a par with Microsoft 's best -- well , maybe CFS2 is better -- but does not equal Jane 's WWII Fighters . So far , in my experience , nothing equals the graphics and scenery of Jane 's . Flight modeling is as good as most , and better than many . Altogether a good buy at the price . I wish I knew how to transport some of these airplanes from CFS to CFS2 , but if there 's a way I have n't heard of it.The simulation runs well on my AMD-K6-2 -LRB- 350 MHz -RRB- with 64 Mb of RAM . I 'm running Windows ME for an Operating System , and have a Flightstick Pro with rudder pedals . Nothing fancy . No problem loading or running it.Joseph Pierre , USN -LRB- Ret -RRB-
 This title is ` the ' reason to leave Microsoft 's CFS on your hard drive ! Aircraft details , flight modeling , Artificial Intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- , ground detail and damage modeling are all vastly improved over the original CFS . This review is based on approximately 15 hours with this simulation.Installation was a snap
 If I had n`t found Abacus the Japanese would have won the war ! Seriously it is an excellent , trouble free addon . I would also suggest some of their other aircraft which you can download -LRB- and try for free -RRB- at their web site .
 It 's like Combat flight Simulator , only it 's better . It 's got new planes and better enemy pilots .
 As many others have said , this is what Heavy Gear I should have been ! It 's great fun , but VERY hard - I 'm having trouble getting past the fourth mission ! A 3D accelerator card is mandatory for this game , but it 's well worth it ! Squad management is a bit tricky , and the missions where you need to sneak past enemies can be right frustrating - doubly hampered by a lack of an in-game save , which is really necessary in some of these missions - but if you can invest some time on this baby , it 's great fun !
 This game is awesome , graphics , gameplay , sound , this has it all . Kick A envirinments including lava and Zero-g . This is the best game ever sequel to the worst game ever
 Loki did an excellent job bringing the world of Heretic II to the Linux operating system . The graphics are beautiful and the game itself becomes engrossing after playing through a level or two . While there were some bugs and glitches present in the original release of the game , these have been resolved in a patch one can download from Loki 's web site . I 'd highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a first-person adventure game -LRB- kind of a Tomb Raider in a fantasy setting , although it uses the Quake II 3D engine -RRB- to play on their Linux box .
 Gameplay is smooth with X4 .01 and Nvidia 's 94 linux drivers . Gameplay became addictive during a rainy weekend . There was some crash issues though . Be sure to download the new patch at -LSB- the website -RSB- .
 This game is phenominal , you 'll love it ! Yes it will install AND run perfectly under Linux . All you need to do is read and follow the tutorial on installing and running it at http://www.freelink.cx -LRB- click on `` Resurrecting Heretic II '' -RRB- . It takes about 10 minutes tops . Seriously it works fine.Cheers !
 This is the most exciting enjoyable video poker game around and I think I have all of them . If I would have found this one first I could have saved a lot of money and aggrivation -LRB- in installing new software -RRB- If you enjoy video poker this is the one for you . You 'll love it ,
 I was intrigued by the variety of machines . The graphics and sound are good , and I feel as do all of the others . This is one of the more diversely varied video poker games I have , and that includes several . My only complaint is that other than the jokers , the wild card are n't marked as such as they are in my other games . So one has to pay close attention and keep in mind what game they are playing or else , cheat themselves out of a winning hand . For this reason , I do not give the full five stars . Technically , I could n't get the full screen without changing the setings on my computer . This is a hassle , but otherwise the game plays well , and the strategy guide is first-rate . Compared to the 100 Slots 2000 , This one 's a keeper ... END
 I think this is a great training tool to use to improve your Video Poker skills . The graphics are nice too . Its a lot of fun and you learn as you play . Thank you Mr Cardoza .
 This video has a variety of video poker machines . It is a lot of fun to play and the payoffs are very similar to AC as well as Vegas . We are spending time playing these games even though I do not always agree with what they tell us to do . Fun for Video Poker enthusiasts .
 Good graphics , fast paced and easy navigation . Offers a choice of many varieties of video poker .
 The heroes can gain levels , a wide variety of powerful spells , and raise skill points to magnify the power of the spells . The economy scheme is simple because all you have to do is to take over resource mines and keep them . This can be quite challenging because it becomes a tug-of-war between you and the computer enemies . You have a wide variety of castles to build up each possessing unique terrain characteristics that give native monsters bonuses and unnative negatives . Certain monsters do better against one kind of monsters , however , can be easily eliminated by another species . You have to recruit a perfect combination of creatures and build up a powerful heroes in order to win . The best part of the game is that you can develop such a powerful hero , that he or she becomes almost a God or Goddess in the game and no AI will stand a chance in your way ! This is one fun monster bashing marathon !
 Overall this is a nice game . I downloaded the demo and thought it was curious . I do n't think I found this game as addictive as Civilization , but even to compare it is high praise . The multiplay is good although it can be a bit of a wait for the other player to finish . Some aspects of the game are a bit contrived and make it a little difficult to maintain a strategy . All in all the game is a bit whimsical , I would n't describe it as a hard core strategy game . Like a lot of games this suffers from the problem that the game can be decided early and then it just a matter of many hours of playing to finally resolve it . The greatest strength of the game is its novelty . Not that I 've seen game there is to see but I had n't seen anything quite like it . And on Linux too boot!As to the Linux port . This is the only full version of a Loki game that I 've tried and I was very impressed . I 've tried the SM Alpha Centauri demo and am anxiously awaiting the final version . Oh , and if you have n't play Jagged Alliance 2 , I heard a rumor that Loki was going to port that too . Another good and different game .
 This game is amazing . Totally addictive . Graphics are quite well done . Installation was simple . Awesome !
 This game is a lot of fun . My husband and my 5 year old step daughter and I play this all the time . Its a great family game for sure .
 This game never gets old . You can choose between 8 town choices . The castle -LRB- example creature : angel -RRB- , the rampart -LRB- example creature : unicorn -RRB- , the tower -LRB- example creature : genie -RRB- , the inferno -LRB- example creature : devil -RRB- , the necropolis -LRB- example creature : skeleton -RRB- , the dungeon -LRB- example creature : harpy -RRB- , the stronghold -LRB- example creature : ogre -RRB- , and the fortress -LRB- example creature : gorgon -RRB- . There are countless scenarios , and plenty of neutral creatures . It 's a must for any strategy gamer !
 Great game . Designed so you do n't play the same campaign the same way twice . Very technical though - i 'd say it 's really only for players with a love for pure strategy games . Also the multi-player option is by email only .
 For some reason this was lauded as one of those greatest `` one game too far '' in franchising history . But this is a great game . I remember playing this game for hours on-end . It requires solid combined arms tactics . And the mechanical units gave it an extra dimension . The complexity level was just right for a light wargamer like me . The fantasy background allowed the creators to make focused , storied scenarios that are easy to grasp . In contrast , the other games of the series were bound to include so many units to be historically accurate that the scenarios are daunting to look at , requiring you to study the map for a good half an hour before even making your first move . Guess what , I could 've blasted two or three fun-filled scenarios in FanGen .
 Could n't believe that I found the game with everything in it 's original packaging . I did have problems playing the game originally because my operating system is wayyyyy beyond what 's needed to play this game . I had to find a special program online to play it using a windowed dos . But , the game itself is a lot of fun .
 I 've had this game for a few months and continue to enjoy playing it . I 'm a retired senior and it helps fill in my extra time with enjoyment and laughs . It 's uniquely unlike other fishing games . A real fun twist to fishing . Never fished like this in real life .
 I 'VE PLAYED A LOT OF FISHING GAMES BUT THIS ONE IS A BLAST TO PLAY , IT 'S VERY ADDICTIVE . I RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ALL WHO LIKE TO FISH , AND HAVE A FUN EXPERIENCE DOING IT .
 This product runs on my windows vista and is a great fun product for the money . Watch out for swordfish though
 I bought this game , wanting my PS2 Horse Video Games collection to grow . This is probably one of the best you can get , I love this game , you can have six horses , take care of them , train them , and then compete . This is a great game and you should add it to your collection ! If you like this game , you should also try
 This game is absolutely gorgeous !!! It has no story-line , but those are my kind of games - unlimited play . You can have up to six horses , and you have to earn better equipment and stuff . It has the best graphics I have ever seen , too . it really looks like a horse it 's so realistic . You can not free-ride on trails or anything , though . So I just take my horse on the Cross Country course and walk around most or all of the jumps . It is the best game ever , and all horse and 3-day event lovers should own it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is soooooooooooooooo fun !!!! you get to choose your horse and add to it 's stats after each show or good training session . Also if u do good in show u unlock show outfits and tack . I would highly reccomend this to all ages . if u are a parent looking for a great game for your horse luver BUY THIS FOR THEM !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is probably the most realistic game i have ever had . I cant stop playing it . I love the events . Although the controls are hard to get used to.Even though i love it , the game doesnt last long . -LSB- . . -RSB- . I would HIGHLY reccomend this game . Although i would prefer it if you could walk around the farm rather then just be able to scroll around.If none of this made sense to you then it basically says
 I bought this for the kids for Christmas and decided to test drive it myself first . It has great graphics , several levels , realistic courses and is the best I 've seen on the market . I could n't make them wait until Christmas so we 've been playing it now for almost two months . The older kids -LRB- teenagers -RRB- beat the game in about a week but still find it entertaining by creating new horses and starting over with their new horses . The younger kids , ages 7 and 10 , are still working their way through the levels . I 'm very pleased with this purchase !
 My daughter is extremely horse crazy . We had bought several PC games for her to play , but some were not compatible with our computer . After 2 games being returned I decided to look for a PS2 game , because that is what my son plays his games on . Long story short she loves the game and competes with her freinds in something that she absolutely enjoys . Graphics are good and game content is good . We are very satisfied .
 This is a great game , and I have been trying to get my hands on a really great horse game for a very long time . When I read over the reviews for the game , I wanted to get it right away . Once I got it , I started to play it in my car because I loved it so much is basically what I am trying to say . So to sum it all up , BUY THE GAME !!! It is so fun and you sould know for yourself .
 I think overall that this game is perfect for horse crazy people . However I have just one glich on the game . In Badminton , four star , on jump seventeen I ca n't jump over it . I have tried going over it with my horse at several different paces . Eventually though I found out that is I run my horse at a canter around the jump for twenty times , and then tried to jump , I could . Hope that this can help someone if they have the same problem .
 This game is really cool ! I wanted something realistic and not cheesy , as I 'm an older gamer , and not pre-teen . I love that this game has all of it . The jumping , the dressage , and the cross-country . Like all games , it 's not PERFECT , but it 's pretty darn close ! I really liked this game overall .
 Allow me to begin by saying that of all the horse-related video games out there , this is one of the best . It is based on English-style riding and competing
 This is a pretty easy game . Not fast moving . I would compare it to a car racing game where you can build your cars and open new tracks .
 Should I ? Out of what I heard it rocks . I am a horse freak and ride -LRB- western -RRB- . But still I love love horse ENGLISH games . I would not get this game if you could n't take care of your horse . BUt in saddle up time to ride grooming your horse gets in your way . If someone out there has this game is there a mystery ? I do n't care either way I want it . Well I said way to much for someone who did n't get this game yet . HORSES ROCK ! Whoo !
 My daughter loves this game . She 's just 14 almost 15 . It 's more realistic than some other games . It 's more fun also .
 Purchased for my 10 year old daughter who takes English riding lessons . She loves the game . Her first reaction when she started to play was `` Mom , it 's so real '' . She has no complaints about the game execpt when I tell her she has been playing long enough , now go outside for awhile !
 for all you english equestrian fans this is a five star game , it is the best one to have , it is totally worth the price , excellent .
 this has great graphics , and the music isnt anoying , it can be finished in a week , but its fun to retire horses and get new ones ! I love this game , im 14 and this is like THE BEST if you cant find a good game BUY THIS ! its sooo good
 This is the best horse game ever ! This game was purchased for my 10 year old who is very much into equine sports and she loves it . I 've played it myself and find each of the levels very challenging . The graphics are wonderful , even the sound effects of the horses snorting as they exert effort is there ! I would highly recommend for anyone -LRB- child or not -RRB- who is interesting in horse eventing .
 This game is really addicting and a lot better than many of the other horse games out there . I love it !
 I bought it for my 10 year old daughter . She loves this game . It is the best game yet . Graphics have come a long way , challenges are there .
 I love this game i had 1 be4 but i over used it so i bought a new one the shipping didnt take long and its the best horse game ever all other r nothing compared to this one .
 I like this game . You compete in 3 day events , based off of real courses . You create your own horse , so you can model the horses off of horses you know . Its not a game that you can play for hours on end I do n't think , but its nice every now and then . It also has a screensaver mode that you can access by going to the `` paddock '' menu and leaving it there . The horses plays around in its paddock . I recommend the game for sure .
 The game has great graphics , but I was done with it in two days . It was way to easy for the advanced gamer .
 when i got this game it was so fun i loved to play it i still do well ive ' got alot of horse games
 I love this game sooooo much !!!!! But there is one problem . I 'm on 4 star and have all blue ribbons , but on Cross Country my horse ALWAYS refuses the same jump no matter how mant times I try ! I LOVE the graphics and everything else !!! A GREAT kids game !!!!!
 It is REALLY good , BUT , on the last level , the 4 star dressage is HARD , I have bad hand coordination , so , thats the only problem . Otherwise , it 's the best horse game i have ever had .
 This game is probably the best horse game you can get ! The graphics are great -LRB- they actually LOOK and MOVE like real horses -RRB- . The controls are very easy to learn . You wont get bored with this one . You can continue to play it , because you can have up to 6 horses to train and compete with . I was very impressed with this game , and I would recommend it to anyone who loves horses !
 This game was a gift for my cousin , but I played with her . The graphics are much better than I expected -- the pictures do n't do the game justice . That said , they 're not top of the line , nor is the game . There is a lot of customizing that can be done for your horse , which is very fun . The two main complaints I have about the game are the steep learning curve and the lack of variety . I realize that it 's a horse game focused on one style of competition , but I think that they could have offered a bit more variety ... I found myself starting to get bored after playing for a while . Still , it 's a good game and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes horses and horse games .
 Oh how I wished for a game like this when i was a kid and actually competing in three day events!This game is fairly solid and easy to figure out . I like having the different eventing levels to work towards . The controls take a little getting used to at first , and sometimes it is frustrating when your horse refuses a jump , but I like this as it is realistic . If you are riding in real life and come at a jump too fast or two slow , or at a bad angle , chances are , the horse will not jump it.I would like to see more details included - for instance , falling off if you do something goofy , or having to take a break because you 've pushed your horse too hard too quickly . Thigns to make this game more realistic.It is irritating sometimes that the horse canters on the wrong lead , but overall , a fun game . I really wish I 'd had this growing up , I think I would have gotten even more enjoyment out of it.I agree with whoever said it would be nice to walk around the stables , barn , etc , instead of just scroll through the options.The only thing that really annoys me is the amount of time you have to spend brushing and petting your horse . I do n't play game a lot , so when I do get to sit down and play , I want to play ! To me , sitting there and electronically petting your horse , then electronically brushing your horse for 5 minutes each , then watering and haying , is too much time . I believe you should have to click the button , which would signify that you did brush , pet , feed , water , etc , and then get to go about your business.All in all , a fun game . I 'll bet there are tons of young horse lovers that would love to play this .
 I got this game as a gift that I had asked for , for many months . I think it is overall a very well put together game . My favorite part was the show jumping . Dressage seems tough at first but then you get the hang of it and you end up loving it . Cross country is great but it seems that in one part the horse will always refuse . It is in the 4 star stage I think the second competition down on the list . The 18th jump , you approach the horse will refuse even if you speed up , slow down , aim straight at it . I think it helps to go at it in an angle . But besides that I really enjoyed the game a lot and it will be many hours of fun for anyone who loves horses .
 This was a great game ! It is not jest a girl game , you can have a male chracter . That was a great , concitering i am a male . the only thing that was not so god was when it cantered , it was on the wrong lead ... that relly bugged me . In all , every thing was good
 I really have a lot of fun with this game ... I wish they made more like it !
 Plain and simple this is a handy little controller if you like to play basic games on the go . I use it for Nintendo and Sega emulators . It 's small and compact so it 's easy to fit in a notebook bag either freely when snapped shut or more flat when in the padded plastic case that comes with it . The retractable USB cord is convenient and can be used with other peripherals as well -LRB- I use it with a PSP for transferring files to the memory card -RRB- . It feels a little cheap but it works well and has stood up to me playing with it on many different games . No installation needed with Win7 , just plug and play which is nice . It has a directional joystick , four buttons on the right side and four `` r '' '' buttons . I have n't found a game where the `` turbo '' button works and ca n't configure the two middle buttons in Windows but the rest work well . I would suggest this item for anyone who occasionally plays a game in their spare time and needs a small controller that does n't take up much space . Serious gamers will most likely look elsewhere .
 I bought this game about a month ago . And my exam was last week . But I could n't study beacause this game took me too much time . This game is so great !!
 This game is not even fnished and it is already looking great . It seemlessly combines RTS elements with RPG elements and is a must for any true gamer . Even if you hate RTS 's and RPG 's you will love this game . I have only played the demo , but it is great .
 First of all , the graphic of this game is awesome . Since I once was a huge fan of Starcraft and Warcraft II , this game has some similarities and differences with those games . This game has the Heroes , which make players of this game get in deeply involved . Also you can play as RPG mode like Diablo II . The movements and motions of the characters are very smooth and realistic . Sound ? A + + ! However , this game is quiet similar with Starcraft . Nevertheless , special moves and magic attacks are fantastic , thanks to advanced technology . This game is not perfect yet , but some future patches will definitly make this game a big hit ! Caution , this game is highly addictive ! I play about 2-3 hours daily . Over all , I strongly recommand this game !
 Kingdom Under Fire was a really good game and , I enjoyed it immensely . Unfortunately I lost the CDKEY and was unable to reinstall it after my computer crashed so , I have n't played it lately . To me it was an equal to the Warcraft games and , I would play it again if I could only reacquire another key in order to get the game to reinstall .
 If you like the fantasy genre then you 'll like this basic game . It has it all , the young warrior passing through a village that is attacked by an orcish horde . Conversely , you can be the very orcs that attacks , burning and pillaging the same exact village . Blending RTS and RPG works fairly well be prepared to play long into the night once a battle is started because there is NO in game save ... however master stratigists neednt worry for the AI just sit back kick your feet up and watch the cut scenes and immerse yourself in this fantasy realm .
 Kingdom Under Fire
 I first got intoplay with this game after seeing my friend play the demo and after getting into it , soon enough I thought `` Wow , this looks like an exhlirating game ; I have to buy it '' So about months later I did , and I have to say the Single Campaign mode is pure awesome , real time effects real depth and background to the character and the RPG modes andinterfaces have been done really well , e.g when you are searching for the Drwafen Leader with Curian '' . YheROG modes are just specifically for the heroes , Kiether , Rick Blood etc etc. . Unfortunately the let down is that in the Custom Campaign mode you can have no allies and 1 type of gameplay which is `` Melee '' , when in battle all the AI players are automatically aligned withe ach other so if you had 8 people including yoruself , it would be a 1v7 match.Though it is still good for an RPGS RTS game , it takes Age of Empires style to a new level being able to cast magic , summon demons etc. . You can have allies in the Story Comapiagn mode though.If you like the odds against and like fidning about the heroes and casting magic , then this game is for you .
 If you like the Warcraft series and the Diablo games than you 'll like this game too . It basically combines the two formats into one and creates a worthwhile gaming experience . It 's nothing original as far as the gameplay but it is still a very fun and exciting game .
 If you like the fantasy genre then you 'll like this basic game . It has it all , the young warrior passing through a village that is attacked by an orcish horde . Conversely , you can be the very orcs that attacks , burning and pillaging the same exact village . Blending RTS and RPG works fairly well be prepared to play long into the night once a battle is started because there is NO in game save ... however master stratigists neednt worry for the AI just sit back kick your feet up and watch the cut scenes and immerse yourself in this fantasy realm .
 I bought this game about a month ago . And my exam was last week . But I did n't study beacause this game took me too much time . This game is so great !!
 After having played Gundam Wing Endless Duel on the SNES , I thought that all Gundam fighting games were going to be as boring as that one . To my surprise , this game is a wake up call to all Gundam fans . Featuring suits from Wing , 0079 , 0080 , 0083 , Z , ZZ and Char 's Counterattack.The story mode is a little bit hard to beleive . It take place in the year After Colony 19X -LRB- What ? No Universal Century ? -RRB- . Im guessing this took place in AC 197 , since there is some talk of Zechs and Trieze here and there in the story . But other than Wing Gundam , there are no other suits from Gundam Wing . While playing in Story mode you get to see a lot of BIG suits like the Phsyco and Big Zam . The versus mode , however , is extremely fun to play.The graphics are pretty much Street Fighter Alpha graphics . It 's 2-D , but the mobile suits move around in a natural manner . You can even blow off different parts of the mobile suit . The mobile suits look beautiful especially with such bright suits like the Qubeley and Hy-Gogg . The music various from pulse pounding action music to classic SNES music . The sound that moves with the graphics are excellent , giving the game an arcade feel to it . Nice touch.Overall , Gundam Battle Assualt is one heck of a great thumb-bleeder fighting game to play over and over . Worth buying .
 Gundam Battle Assult is the American version of The Gundam Battle Master 2 . They replaced a suit known as Hamma Hamma and put in Wing Gundam , so fans of Gundam Wing would know someone . This game is pretty much Street Fighter meets mechs , -LRB- no not Cyberbots -RRB- . There are two suits from Gundam Wing , Wing Gundam , and Hydra who is from a Wing Manga called G-Unit . The others are from Z , 0083 , 0080 , ZZ , Chars Counterattack , and Original Gundam . This game is great if you love old school Gundam . But it 's still weird playing as Heero in Zeong going against ZZ gundam . It 's fun to play but later the computer can get really cheap , -LRB- especially Psycho Gundam MrkIII -RRB- . But still its a fun game , you can boost around the screen , use beam sabres and pull off super moves .
 This is a great game because of all of the characters and pilots you can choose from . Plus , it 's a good challenge -LSB- and sometimes a frusterating one -RSB- . You can also unlock secret characters with GameShark . I know it 's 2D fighting , but what the heck ? It 's still a great game .
 I own this game and I love it ! It is so much fun . I always play as the gundam GPO2a and if you type in left up right down square triangle circle at the title screen you get the awesome Char 's zaku !
 This Game Is Awesome ! I am a big fan of fighting games . When I saw this on the shelf , I looked at it having No Idea Of what gundam was all about . The pic ` s on the Back cover looked good and it was the last copy it the house , so i bought it . . I am Pleased with the purchase > The game play is is not 3-D , Its a 2-D -LRB- Side-View -RRB- That Pans In & Out during play , Very Nice feel ... smooth control with large cartoon style graphics . . There are a variety of gundam ` s to choose from all with there own moves and combos . . If You are thinking to rent or purchase this one , Go for it !!
 I never have liked bandai games very much , but i have to admit this a great game . Although I was dissapointed about the lack of gundams -LRB- wing zero , heavyarms , tallgese111 , etc. -RRB- this is still a fun game . The controls are easy when you get used to them . The old 2D game play does not bother me one bit . Also , the game is just too easy . I beat it the night I got it . I would suggest to rent this game before you buy it .
 This game is awesome ! It follows pretty well the show , which airs on cartoon network . The controls are good , but could be better . Bandai did a great job in making this game . Overall I give it 10 of 10 , because of the fact that it flows so well .
 Gundam battle assault is a 2d game so the graffics are not the best but the old school style is really cool . It would be nice to be able to use Deathscythe , Heavyarms , Nataku , and Sandrock , but their are alternatives to those gundams so dont get discuraged . For `` the money '' its worth it .
 If you like Gundam 0079 , 0080 , 0083 , and Gundam Wingyou will `` LOVE '' this game . My favorite mobile suie isSazabi and if you want all the characters you have toget the Game Shark so you can get characters like Hydraand Psycho . I only got this game a few days ago and Ica n't stop playing . So if your a big Gundam fan like meI definitely think you should buy it .
 first , what I do like about the game is the difficulty , it is way harder than the average fighting game , most fighting games I just rent because I take them home and beat them in 5-10 minutes , this is the only fighting game that I have played and not beaten it in the first night I have the game . The only problem 's I have is the game engine is obviousley outdated and they just put the face of Heero Yuy on their to piggyback the success of gundam wing , but the game looks and sounds better than 90 % of the ... out thair .
 i know a lot of people are going to hate me , but it 's true . in the game there is only one gundam wing pilot and that 's heero . the other pilots are from different gundam series -LRB- 0089 , gundam z , gundam zz -RRB- . the game is good but as far as i can tell they could have included more gundam wing pilots . if you are a gundam fanatic buy it , if not at least rent it just for the sake of controlling the wing zero .
 A great game indeed . Not the best graphics in the world but still good . Even if you dcould n't tell Wing ZERO from Gundam ZZ you should buy it if you are a hardcore fighting game lover .
 The plot will make any Gundam fan seethe , Hiiro Yui is a slimeball , and I get very angry when he takes the controls of the Zeta . The plot is utter nonsense , as it seems that since the story takes place in A.C 19X , that there was some large dimensional shift , dumping characters from Universal Century 0079 to 0093 on said Slimeball 's doorstep . As it 's been said in every review , Hiiro is of course , not an original character to this game . The dialogue is absolutely atrocious , as respected characters surrender to `` The Perfect Soldier '' . It seems it was written by a person who had never seen any of the Gundam series , and had no idea of who these characters are . Sometimes I feel so guilty about people like Char or Hamarn losing to Hiiro that I just lose on purpose . No , I really mean it . I especially like Camille 's ending speech . That 's Camille Vidan , The Strongest Newtype Ever . Well , play it for yourself and find out.Well , how does it play?It 's an average fighter game . The number of moves are highly lacking , and not especially original . The screen 's are a bit on the small side , for a mobile suit battle . The suits can fly around , but not for very long , which is , well , silly . The beam saber attack takes way too long to charge up , and it 's weak . Again , that 's silly . It would be nice to be able to set a match length , as the fights are one match bouts.On the other hand , the animation is quite well done . The movements of the mobile suits are true to the show . You know how the beam saber is stored in the Qubeley ? It 's the same in the game.Contrary to a previous review , this game has a lot of replay potential . There are some fun characters to unlock.And another thing . The Mobile Armors are tiny . They are very tiny in this game . I mean , they 're big , I suppose , but not at all to scale . They are tiny.This game has fun to it , but it sure put me off Bandai 's localization work for a while .
 Well , I own the Game and some other friends of mine as well . The game is GREAT ! The gundams look very cool as well as the graphics . If you are a Gundam Wing or Gundam Fan , buy this game , you wo n't lose your money , I recomend this to all the fans and to those that like mechas .
 Now , let 's get one thing straight right off the bat . I have NOT played this game , but I have heard a lot about it . Yes , the game does have all of the main characters from the U.S. hit Gundam Wing . Originally , when the game came out in Japan , it starred other Gundam characters , but was redesigned for the United States . That is one reason it has taken so long to get here . The only draw-back that I can find is that the game is not 3-D , like Gundam Side Story , but 2-D like older fighting games or arcade games . But I do n't think that the fact that it 's a two-dimensional game will affect the game play or quality . Other than that , I have heard that the graphics are great and pretty realistic . What I mean by realistic is that the Gundams do not all move fast and smoothly ... they move how a big hunk of metal -LRB- or Gundanium , for that matter -RRB- would move . Some are faster than others , while some have more fire power . All in all , the pros and cons equal out . This game sounds like a lot of fun and a real blast !
 This game is great !!!!! It has many gundams to choose from . This game is easy to get into and has lots of replay value if you and a friend try to recreate those classic Gundam battles . The only Gundam Wing characters in it are Heero Yuy and Treize . The only Gundam from Gundam Wing in there is Wing 0 . I know about all the Gundam series so I know all the the Gundams . My favorite Gundam is GP02A Physallis he is so cool ! . It has great graphics and gameplay . Some people complain that the Gundams move too slow but they are giant robots . The creators just wanted to make it as real as possible . It may seem boring to some gamers but it is a good game , especially when playing with a friend . If you like the old Gundam series and fighting with giant mechs . If you love Gundam you should get this game .
 The American version of Gundam
 I just received this game , and as far as fighters go , this is a throw back to Street Fighter 2 , Marvel vs. Capcom type games etc. . If you are a Gundam Wing Fan , Heero is the main character , but only he and Wing are in the game . The other pilots come from the U.C. timelines as far as I can tell . I am a Wing fan , and the game is still enjoyable . The graphics are good , the sound is n't so good . The gameplay is slower due to the fact that these are machines not people . I would recomend this game more to fans of the Gundam series , rather than others , because the slowness , and old school style may not appeal to newer , and unfamiliar gamers . For those of us who love the series , not a bad purchase if you have an extra ... to spend .
 I recently purchased this title , and I got a bit more than I had originally expected ... I was n't blown away by the slower than usual gameplay or graphics , and I was slightly disappointed by the character selection . I 've only seen Gundam W , so I only recognized one of the suits , namely Wing . I was surprised to find out that Wing was n't originally in the game . A suit called Hamma-Hamma was replaced by Wing . There are a few hidden characters , but thats all the extras you 'll get . Among them are the first Gundam , N Gundam , Hydra piloted by Treis Khusrinada from Gundam W , Psycho Gundam , char 's Zaku , and a few others . In all , there are about 20-21 characters , about average for the established fighter lines . Overall , this game is what we 've come to expect for anime-to-game ports . I recommend this to Gundam fans , you 'll most likely love it , for a couple hours at least . Any fans of mech fighting in general may get a few minutes of enjoyment out of this .
 I like 2-D fighting games a lot . I think this game is really cool because it has a lot of my favorite suits
 from what I have read in the other reviews there has been talk of the characters from gundam wing in the game I have already bought this game and the only wing character is Heero and there are a bunch of characters from the original gundam series and others . to clear things up only heero is in this game . Duo , WuiFei Quatre , and trowa are not in this game . Sorry to dissapoint you .
 I bought this game about 6 months ago , but it was recently that I got into the game . Great detaled 2D game play and a Great group of Mobile suits Like Hy-gogg , Sazabi , and the Z Gundams . And if I missed your Favorite Mobile Suit i 'm sorry . There is n't a very good story to the game , the game play is slightly unusual , and theres not that much strategy when it comes down to the mobil suit itself not till you figure out there weakness then theres strategy . But then if you are wondering wy I gave this game 4 stars -LRB- it 's really 41/2 Stars -RRB- ? It just comes down to just plain kicking each others -LSB- rears -RSB- . So thats My Review you be shure to read other reviews from me and other Critics .
 The game is NOT slow , like most people say , the battles go quickly , and game play takes getting used to , but overall a worthwhile buy .
 First , Answer for John 's Q ? There is a PC Game base on Techi , but sorry man , it is in Japanese . Now About the Gundam Wing Battle , put it in a simple way , this game is pure fun . It takes a gamer to know it !
 Yes this game is probably good but how do you know ? It was not released yet . I do have some questions too . Is it like Gundam Wing the T.V. show ? Does it have Trowa , Quatre , Heero , Duo , and Wufei with there Gundams Heavy Arms , Sandrock , Wing Gundam Zero , Deathskythe , and Natuku ? If you know E-mail me at Rockstar632@aol.com I am sure it would be a good game even though if it is not like the T.V. show but if it does n't have the characters and there Gundams from the T.V. show from cartoon network 's toonami I do not need it . It is on Cartoon Networks Toonami on weekdays monday threw friday 4:00 to 6:00 P.M. it is also on the Midnight run 12:00 at night it is also uncut ! I think acual time it is on is 12:30 at night after Dragon Ball Z which in on 12:00 at night .
 I dont really have this game but it sounds fun.I was just wondering what kind of game this is.stragity , fighting , exc ...
 What type of game IS this ? Is it a fighting game ... is it an adventure ? rpg ... what ?
 this is a good game.the play is good but it would be better on the n64
 I think this is a rockin game I LOVE the show BUT at first i HATED it but after i watched a couple times i startes to like it . I now have all the models and I think this is a GREAT game for all you Gundam lovers out there
 I think this game is really tight.There lots of characters -LRB- gundams -RRB- to choose and play and battle with.There secert characters and other stuff too.I would recommend this game to a gundam fan.This game is great for a lot of people that like Gundam like me .
 The only bad thing about the game is that it does not have all of the Gundams from GUNDAM WING only Heero Yuy and Wing Gundam.It has lots of other unfamiliar Gundams from Japan.It is still fun but many sites gave false info pertaining to Gundam Wing Gundams being in the game .
 Get a grip ! Not everything 's supposed to be sooooo realistic . You 're just too lazy to really buy it and play before -LSB- griping -RSB- . And the MSyou do n't know are from the pillars of Gundam ! You do n't kow the Red Comet 's Sazabi ? Maaan ...
 This game is based on the game `` Gundam
 What else is there to say about this game ? You have a simi-nice gundam game . Although the controls are hard and walking to your opponit takes forever this game is somewhat worth while . If it were n't for the EXTREMELLY short game play -LRB- beat it in 10 minutes -RRB- this game would be a very nice item . And for all the hard core anime fans out there , no doubt you have to get this . But if beating the game in 10 minutes , and then game over would n't satisfy your gaming needs , I suggest you look for another game because you will only be throwing your money away on this one , for the amount of time you would spend playing it .
 This game is just awsome.The killings are very realistic and the weapons are just just killtacular everyone should get this barbie game .
 My daughter is 9 and she has enjoyed all the `` Detective Barbie '' games in the past . We own the first 2 games for the PC and purchased this one for our Playstation . Both my daughter and my son -LRB- 6 - almost 7 -RRB- love solving the mysteries . I think Mattel should just `` up '' the age on this game . It is way too hard for a 5 year old . I agree with the other reviews on this point . In my opnion , most barbie games are good for 7 & up . -LRB- Secret Agent , Super Sports etc. . -RRB-
 I sat down with my two daughters ages 5 and 3 and played this game WITH them . We had a great time with it . They loved the adventure and I helped them to understand how to look for Ken and follow the clues . Now that they have been through the game they can play it alone . Especially my 5 year old . All of the clues change for the next game . I give it a thumbs up !
 My niece and her friends have a great time playing this game ! They p , ay it every chance they get ! It was the hit of her birthday sleepover !
 You just ca n't go wrong with Barbie ! She is such a classic that anything Mattel does with her -LRB- as long as her body stays out of proportion -RRB- is just fabulous . I am going to buy a copy for each of my kids . They each get their own !!
 This is a nice port of a pc game to the DC something I would like to see more of . In this game you play a sword wielding , turban wearing adventurer who must pass the most perilous of tests . The game plays alot like the tomb raider series . It is 3rd person perspective and is full of alot of purple hues . There are several puzzle types throughout the game and countless sword swinging encounters with baddies . There are many areas to explore and goggle at and the length of the adventure is adequate . The sound and graphics look great on the DC , and the controls are fairly easy after a little practice . If you played the original POP or are looking for some action adventure video gaming pick it up you will enjoy yourself .
 If you 've played any of the PofP games , this one is outstanding , the best ! Be prepared to use thinking and obversation skills , this is not just a game of sword fighting . Oh yes , there is sword fighting , but I consider that secondary to the main game which is to navigate through the levels avoiding the endless booby-traps and trying to figure out how to get from one place to the other and using the objects you find . Music is very good , matched perfectly with the events in progress . I crave this game and hope more are on the way . But , not everything is perfect , you can only save at save points and the sword fighting is a bit clumsy although you can get used to it .
 Prince of Persia
 This edition is a waste of money , but yet it is worth every penny . Unfortunately you ca n't wear the helmet over your head . However , you can duct tape it to either one of your shoulders and you can feel like you 're really fighting right along side the Master Chief . FIVE STARS !!!
 anyone who spends $ 130 on and freaking video game is a idiot . i dont care how much money you make or how much time you have to kill thats ridiculous.the game is really fun , just get the regualar version save like $ 70 dollars !!! i mean cmon people ... the only helmet this game should come with is for the any retard that wastes this much money
 This game was very fun to play . The packaging is a poster . You ca n't wear the helmet , but it looks realistic . The first Essentials disk has a mini game called Warthog Launch . The rest is bonus features , themes and gamer pics . The second Essentials disk comes with Halo and Halo 2 cut scenes . You also get a bestiarum , This Spartan Life and Red Vs Blue episodes . This is for MAJOR fans only due to the price .
 Part three of the greatest video game in human history ... check.Many additions without subtraction in the ongoing process of best game design ever ... check.The thing is , if you ca n't describe by the meter where the cave people in the game are , you probably would n't pick this up . If you can , you probably already have it.But if you 're somehow on the fence , I 'll take a shot at describing what the Legendary Edition provides .1 . The Helmet - Wow . Appx . 9 inches of Master Chief goodness . A nice display size without being intrusive . It might seem that an all-plastic Spartan head would be lame and fake looking . But it ai n't . My only issue is that it 's so close to being actual size , why not make it actual size ? 2 . DVD extras - Worth the price of admission alone
 Halo 3 legendary edition has the following components in them
 The reason I say save your money is it is just a plastic helmet . Buy the game by itself and use the saved money to get another game . The helmet is cool looking but that is about it . Eventually you will grow tired of it , take it to Gamestop to sell it , and they wo n't even want it . I love the game , but the helmet is no more of a collectible than my empty bottle of Halo 3 Mountain Dew .
 I got this for my kid and he loves it . I was very surprised to see all the goodies that came with it . The helmet is not adult sized which is why I didnt get one for my self but it is a good sized helmet .
 It 'd be better if it was actually a helmet you could actually wear ... I 'm sure that would add to the price by hundreds though .
 The box is amazing , the helmet is an awesome collection center piece , and the game itself was awesome . Definitely a must have for any Halo collector .
 I ordered this because I be loved halo and everything that comes with this set is insane the helmet is a lot bigger than I thought it would be I m very pleased with my purchase
 I 'm a Halo fan and collector ; really happy to claim this master piece item or should I say ... Master Chief Helmet . hehehheeh ! Best price evern spend on and the packaging wast truly taken care of . Ca n't wait for Halo 4 on end of this year !
 As a Halo fan , this is a must have . The helmet is really cool , and even the behind the scenes making of DVD was really awesome to watch . Not much needs to be said about the game in itself since it did after all come out so long ago , however the game is really amazing too . Halo 3 was actually the very first of the Halo series I played through . That is all it took and then I was hooked.Another buyer reviewed that he did not get a helmet with his shipment , I am assuming he must have purchased the wrong item because I purchased the Legendary edition in New condition and it came fully sealed with the helmet and everything .
 I bought it on sale , same price as the regular Halo 3 . and I would n't buy the Legendary Edition for full price . The extras are cool , but pointless . The game is addictive , fun , and Halo . They did n't change a whole lot , which is good . But it gets left behind by some more innovative games . Halo 3 let 's you ` finish the fight ' and it does a pretty good job . but online multiplayer is what this game is about .
 There have been enough reviews of Halo 3 the game , so this is just about the Legendary Edition . Quite honestly , if you are not obsessed with Halo , Think plastic helmets are cool , or have more money than you need ; then you do n't want to buy this . It 's twice as much as the game by itself and you 'll probably end up putting the helmet in a box and forgetting about it anyway . NO you ca n't wear the Helmet ! -LRB- Unless you have a very small rectangular head -RRB- . If you 're looking for another piece of gameroom art , then it might be worth it , but most people will be better off just buying the game !
 one of the best game francises in the history of games just raised the bar with awsome graphics , musicial score and perfect gameplay packed with spartan helmet you ca n't beat that
 Great deal from Amazon ! This game was at the top of the kids Christmas list and they never expected to receive the legendary edition . I never would have purchased it if it was n't such a great price . Very Cool and it sparked my recent addiction to Amazon 's daily deals ! I do n't play the game myself , but I have n't seen the kids for 3 days as they 've been playing non-stop !
 i pickedup the halo legendary edition for a savings of 70dollarsat amazon . cant get an better then that , and oh what a great game .
 I purchased this for 59 dollars which is a great price since it originally sold for 129 . The helmet is totally cool and the game play is great . Playing online is still the best thing .
 Halo 3 itself is an amazing game . I have been a fan since Halo Combat Evolved -LRB- Halo 1 -RRB- and followed it through till this 3rd game.Now , the only thing I have to say bad about it is this ... if you are new to the Halo world , Halo 3 is n't very nice about explaining back story . You could play Halo Combat Evolved and Halo 2 to get a good idea but games are n't cheap!The Legendary Edition is for the ultimate Halo fan , but no , you ca n't wear the helmet . Great bonus features disc!If you are new to Halo , just get the standard edition version -LRB- just the game -RRB- and be sure to get XBOX Live.The campaign side of the game is ok , good enemy a.i. , excellent graphics and neat story , but after you beat that , which I 'm sure you will with relative ease -LRB- I did it on Heroic by myself -RRB- , you have to hop on XBOX Live for multiplayer ! That 's where this games shines!Oh , and it really , really , really helps if you have an HDTV . I got a 32inch Vizio from Costco for $ 599 but they have it at Walmart too . Get that HDTV and your XBOX 360 will look way better !
 I believe that Halo 3 is a great finish to the Halo series . In continuation with the other Halo games , single player is not all that special , however multiplayer , whether it be local or on XBL is what makes this game special .
 The perfect gift for the Halo fanatics . The Helment is made as a trophy and it holds the games perfectly . Terrific Gift !
 Got this for my 11 year-old son . He loves the Halo series and this was a special Christmas gift . It 's all for show , but he loves it .
 It 's an amazing game but a little pricy considering the helmet is n't wearable . The multiplayer is as good as it gets , and the single player is n't too shabby it 's self .
 This game is a blast ! The replay value of this game is amazing as well . I am a huge Halo fan and I am glad to have this game in my collection . The replica helmet that comes with the game is a great conversation starter too !
 I believe that this game is probably one of better games that I have ever played . The campaign is pretty intense , and it really draws you in to play more . The multiplayer is pretty fun as well . Be that as it may , since this game has been out so long , there are people who play this game constantly and are quite good at on Xbox Live . If possible , get a friend to play the split screen mode and practice before you go out and get annihilated by the true gamers on Xbox Live.The only downfall to this game is the fact that it takes too much time from your regular life ! It is highly addicting , and is sure to keep you entertained for long gaming sessions whether you are playing along with someone through Xbox Live , or even solo on the campaign or shooting up other players online . The new Forge mode allows players to build there own custom maps , and is really a good time killerI have been one to play a lot of Halo games , but very few come close to this . I have never been so into one of their games as I was when playing this . It truly is one of my favorite games out of my whole collection that I own , plus I think the helmet looks way cool on the shelf ! XD
 Halo as never seized to amaze me.With each game the graphics get better and the story grows stronger , Not to mention it come with a spartan helmet!Sadly it is not wearable unless you modify it.If you are a halo fan , this is a definite must.But if you want to buy it to wear it then this is not for you.Halo just gets better and better .
 Most of you have probably already played the game and want to know what comes with the Legendary edition.The things that come with the Legendary edition are great . It Comes with the regular game of coarse , but also comes with a second case containing a DVD on Commentary of making Halo . It has like 2hours worth of footage which gives you a lot of information on the making of Halo and Bungie . The DVD also comes with 3 free themes and gamerpicture packs that are really cool . It also contains some Machinima epsiodes including Red vs. Blue and commentary where you actually meet the Red vs. Blue creators . The Spartan Helmet that comes with it is Life sized , but the disappointing part is that you ca n't wear it . It 's meant to be put on the Halo 3 stand that comes with the packaging , but it makes a great edition to your room . Overall , I think this game gets a 5/5 , and if you have n't played halo before , or did n't like Halo CE or Halo 2 , you should at least give Halo 3 a chance . The Forge and Theatre mode make the game stick out from the series and it 's just plain a pretty cool game . Halo Reach is also coming out in only a couple months so take a look at that too .
 it 's been out for some time but i guess i just wanted the new one . it was worth the money i paid and i ca n't believe their are still un openned boxes of this game .
 First off , let me say that this game is absolutly brilliant . It 's by far one of the best , if not the best , 360 game out there . Here are some pros and cons of the game itself.Pros-Great story and campaign.-Campaign is challenging , but not frustrating.-Custimization in multiplayer is fun , it makes you want to do stuff to unlock new peices of armor . Very satisfying when you have the coolest armor in your match.-Vehicles are fun , and theres a vehicle for everyone , whether you want shear power , -LRB- Scorpion , Wraith -RRB- speed , -LRB- Mongoose , Ghost -RRB- or a mix of power and speed -LRB- Warthog -RRB- . Theirs even some aircraft too , like the Hornet and Banshee.-Good ending to the seiries.-Forge can only be descibed as EPIC !!! Cons-Campaign is good , but pretty repetitive . I swear i did like , 5 missions about rescuing Cortana . That could have been shortened.-AI in campiagn are retarted , they dont ever help you once.-In multiplayer , if you do any team event , you get EXP based on your team . This sucks because if you do amazing , but have a horribe team , you get nothing for it.-Forge controls are a bit shaky . I really wish you couldnt knock over you stuff . Many of my creations have been ruined when i accidenly hit a block causing an entire tower to collapse.-Weapons are a bit repetitve , the Brute Spiker is basicly an Assault Rifle but more powerful , and all the explosive weapons are basically the same.-New weapons suck , the Gravity Hammer if great in close quaters , but from range you just get mowed down . And Setinal Beam absoluly sucks . It has no power , and little range.On to rating Legendary Edition.Pros-Great for a collector or fan of the series.-Cool downloads like gamer pics and themes-Helmet is amazing , i sometimes just stare at it.-The behind the scenes and stuff is cool . You find out some neat stuff.Cons-A bit pricy , seeing as the helmet serves no real pupose . No , you cant wear it to protect yourself from the upcoming Covanent invasion.-If you have the new xbox experiance the themes are basically obsolete.-Helmet is made of plastic , which is fine , exept the price is way to steep for plastic . For close to $ 130 i would really like it to be metal.-And , obviosly , the price.Overall , Halo 3 is a must buy . The Legendary Edition , not so much . But , if youhave the extra cash , i highly recommend it .
 The shipping was fast and every thing was there . Halo 3 legendary edition rocks and everyone that loves halo should buy it and its a good price
 I 've played every Halo game so far and it just keeps getting better with every iteration . Halo 3 is my favorite First Person Shooter to date . The helmet is pretty cool and looks great in my game room . Get this if you have not already . Everyone who has an XBOX 360 should own this game .
 It arrived before it was supposed to.It wAs in perfect condition and , it was totally worth it
 Great game made even better with the included helmet . Graphics are amazing must play to see . Amazon has the best price I could find anywhere .
 Halo 3 manages to stay original despite being the third of a trilogy . The first Halo game on the Xbox 360 , it has incredible graphics and sound , exceeding expectations.Given that the multiplayer is the most important feature to many users , I can assure you that it has seen improvements as well ; the Forge -LRB- build a map -RRB- and Theater -LRB- replay matches -RRB- modes are incredible additions to the series . A must-own for 360 owners.The special features included in the Legendary Edition are fun , although it 's up to you as to whether they 're worth the extra money
 This game is for my kids and they love it and think the hole halo helmet thing is really cool to .
 why should you buy this -LRB- if it 's not already sold out -RRB- ? well , you should to get the helmet . not because of the game or the bonus disks that give you extra icons you can put on your xbox live account , or the fold out poster from the box that houses the set , or the countless hours and sleepless nights replaying the game , or the little comic book insert the extra dvd holds . no . it 's for the helmet . that 's it . if you do n't agree , then go frag yourself with the common people 's edition of halo 3 .
 Let me please start by stating this will be the game of the year hands down . If you like either Halo or Halo 2 , you will definitely love this game . The improved controls and faster gameplay give the game an edge over competing games . All the movements seam to flow together much better than on Halo 2 , and you will love the Live play against people worldwide.I lucked out and caught a huge sale on the Legendary Edition for only $ 69 with free shipping from Amazon , but I see that the sale ended rather quickly . Regardless , after comparing my friends normal Halo 3 , I much prefer the Legendary Edition . There is no `` action figure '' of Master Chief in the package -LRB- some people inquired about it -RRB- , however there is a fairly realistic model of his helmet . The helmet can be removed and the DVD & game dics can be placed in the middle stand * or you can use this for a nice little hiding spot * . But to be 100 % honest , I could 've lived without the helmet and extra DVD , but this was on sale . Why not buy the special edition if it costs the same as the regular ? Either way , go out and buy yourself this game if you own a 360 , it 'll be worth your many hours spent online and away from life . ENJOY !
 The extras in this game are phenomenal . The helmet reproduction is fairly large and is a great centerpiece for any gameroom . It also serves as a disc holder . Additionally , there are designer and production stuff , and extra themes and gamerpics . Now to Halo 3 , the game itself ... the game is basically an extension of Halo 2 with prettier graphics . Overall , if you buy it for the extras and the helmet , you will be happy , but if you buy it for Halo 3 , prepare to be somewhat underwhelmed and maybe disappointed .
 I stumbled upon the 59.99 deal for the Halo 3 legendary edition and I was trying to figure out what the catch was . Heck when I was at one of the box stores earlier in the week I was going to spend the 59.99 just for the game itself so I was afraid that the legendary edition was just the helmet not both . But when the package arrived yesterday I was pleased to see that it not only had the helmet but the game and then another dvd with bonus footage . So I 'm definately thrilled over the bargain I got . Now would I pay the 129.99 that it 's going for now ... No ... But now I have a cool game and my nephew has something neat that he can put on his book shelf .
 Great game . Packaging is WAY over the top , and not worth the extra expense unless you like the conversation piece head .
 Fantastic is the only word to describe the game . I have never had trouble with Amazon and the only issue is the slow processing , but you get what you pay for , in this case nothing . And the money saved is easily worth the wait . Along with the fact you do n't have to pay sales tax . Love the game and still addicted to Amazon .
 This game truly is remarkable . The storyline is very well planned out and surprisingly fits very well into the Halo trilogy . I decided to put th extra buck into the legendary edition , so i could have the mementos . I only ranked the the fun level of the game a 4 because if you do not have xbox live , this game loses its value . However , playing campaign is still a blast and will surely satisfy you over and over again as you try to find all the ` skulls ' . I greatly recommend NOT just finding their locations online , it really would take a lot out of the game . Anyways , really fun , really well made game , a Halo we 've all been waiting for.Kudos Bungie
 If you want to play campaign . If your just in it to play multiplayer on Xbox Live then get Halo 3
 Normally I would n't get the `` HALO-3 Legendary Edition '' , but since it was on sale for the same price as the deluxe edition , ... : -RRB- In the end the helmet is definitely for HALO fans , ... it 's a cheap piece of plastic made in China , which is not even wearable.Having said that ... Fans will enjoy having it ... ! As for game play and graphics ; I actually expected something more of the quality level of graphics as seen in Half-Life and Unreal Tournament , but the graphics is nice none the less . As for game play ; those of you who are Half-Life or Unreal tournament fans - this game will be a little disappointing . Limited interaction with objects makes it feel `` less advanced '' . Going through the levels , I have a strong feeling that this is almost like a cheap copy of what Half-Life is about . Even the bad `` alien '' like levels -LRB- at the end , Half-Life has the same flaw -RRB- . However , after playing it for a while , I can say that I did enjoy the game , but ca n't wait for the next Episode of Half-Life though .
 i only bought this version of the game because i got 40 % off which is like 10 bucks more expensive than the normal . if it had costed $ 120 i would n't have . basically the same and you cant wear the helmet
 This game is awesome and so is the Legendary Edition . The helmet is cool cuz u can use it as a hold for ur game .
 The packaging on the legendary package was great and I 'm loving having the helmet , it 's a nice add to my living room entertainment center.The story line of this was good but it was pretty short , I only played it for like half a days worth and it was over . I even found 4 of the skulls in that time . The multi player aspect of the game is were it 's at though . The best of any game out IMO.It 's been rumored that there is another Halo in construction but it may be a movie . We 'll see what they do . I would like to see this go to a H4 but IDK if they will be doing this , there is a slight possibility but they did kill some of the game for me , so we 'll just have to wait and see .
 I have not yet arrived but I think the videos I 've seen is fun and fascinating
 Great game , but you got suckered if you thought the helmet was either full-size or in any way functional . This one gets my 2007 CON OF THE YEAR .
 My son loves this game . He does all his chores so he 'll be allowed to play . And he looks forward to it . A very good motivator . Plus he likes the helmet too .
 It was so worth the money just for the extra videos on the 3rd disc ! Also the life sized helmit looks cool too
 halo 3 is an awesome ending to an awesome story arc . The game was great from beginning to end . The legendary edition is awesome as well . It has alot of bonus material , but I feel there could have been more . I still do n't regret buying it . The helmet is sweet !
 If you just want to play the game and nothing else buy it , it rocks . The 2 + hour movie of the last two halo games was cool too . I was not thinking about buying the legendary halo 3 , but after my friend bought it for me as an early Christmas gift I have changed my mind about the price tag . Sure it did n't cost me a thing , but if you have the money and you love halo , then buy this . The picture of the helmut does not do it justice . On the web sites I thougt it looked like a 5 inch bust of the Master Cheif , I was wrong . Even my wife was in shock by the almost life sized helmut . This has my vote for best video game collectable ever .
 Extremely addicting and very fun.It is seriously worth buying an Xbox 360 just to play this game.The online part of the game is amazing .5 / 5
 I got lucky and happened to run across the Legendary edition of Halo 3 on sale for 60 bucks . I like Halo 3 a lot , but I would n't call myself a fanboy or nothing . I do n't think I would 've bought the legendary edition for regular price for what is included with it . I 've seen the Spartan helmet on ebay for around 40 bucks . The extra content is okay , but I do n't think it 's worth that much . It would 've been nice to include something else like a plasma grenade or action figure with it . All in all It 's still an awesome game , and hopefully next time Bungie does something else with the franchise they include a lil something extra with the `` legendary edition '' of whatever it is they 're making .
 I think alot of people were thinking about amazon when it came to Halo 3 legendary edition i was mad when i couldnt get this legendary at Game Stop because i didnt pre-order it but amazon is a great way to BUY it . Its a great edition must BUY game edition its worth the price completely . and it ships really fast i choose free shipping for 8-9 business days but it came 2 days after . SWEET ! . So if your thinking about getting Halo 3 this is your best choice the special features discs -LRB- 3 discs total , 2 special features discs -RRB- is great all the Halo 3 videos including `` Starry Night '' and all the Vidoc videos and never seen videos . GREAT BUY !!!!!!!!!
 The halo 3 Legendary Edition is the best collection you ever have . It may cost more than any games out there , but it worth your money . It worth it , because this 's the Last Halo Game , you wo n't find any thing like this . Beside if you buy it , you get master chief Helmet , art book , and the game itself . And there a serect in Legendary Edition like behide the Master Chief mask DVD -LRB- making of Halo3 -RRB- . If you just wanted to play the game , but dose n't care the extre , just rent it or Buy the $ 59.99 standard Edition -LRB- if you have the first two games -RRB- . Halo 3 have many features like 1080p , 4 co-op on online and story mode , adjust your maps , new armors and helmets of your choice and many othersyou should find out yourself . Halo 3 Have the greatest story ever , all you know is finish this fight , but you have play the game and find out what happened to Master chief at the end -LRB- do n't want to spoiled -RRB- . The cut-sence are like top 10 Hollywood Best viual Effect Movies . The multiplayer is great , but do you remenber Halo 3 Beta ? Will is nothing like Halo 3 beta at all . There other weapons to know about , and the new feature of map-making like buy objects and place it in the map , you custom your spatan and Sangheili Armor and helment . And many more.If you are real fan to halo games , this is something you should n't Miss.Three word -LRB- A must buy ! -RRB- . P.S. Like I tell you there a serect in the Legendary Edition , Serect with Peter Jackon -LRB- humor -RRB- .
 My advice to you
 With the literally thousands of reviews of Halo 3 available throughout the internet and print media , I 'll let you decide for yourself . Instead I will focus on merely THIS edition of Halo 3 . First off , if the price tag did n't let you know , this is for serious fans only . If you 're a casual fan , or maybe you like having the occasional local match , youd be better off with the Limited edition , or just the normal . This is purely for those who live for Halo.The packaging is mythic . It 's a hell of a lot bigger than it looks in these pictures . The helmet is the size of an adult 's head , plus the base . The box is wrapped with a VERY cool Legendary Edition poster , so be careful opening it . Inside it 's pretty straightforward . A helmet , a Base , and two DVD cases.The helmet is beautiful . It 's plastic , so it wont weigh a ton , but man , it looks the part . it slides over the base , which is also quite impressive . on the back of it is a serial number.The discs . first off you get the game disc in a black dvd style case with a darker cover art than the other editions . this disc is identical to all other editions.the other dvd case has two dvd 's in it with special features . one is the same as the limited edition , with behind the scenes , interviews , etc etc. lots of fun there , very comparable to Halo 2 's special eidtion.the 2nd bonus disc has a few features on it , like the voice of cortana going on a PR tour , bonus episodes of Red vs. Blue and This Spartan Life , and a full bestiary which was really cool for any fan of the canon.the base has a lot of room for DVDs in it . I took out the bonus dvd case and keep halo 1 2 and 3 all in there , they fit nicely , with room to spare.i think the legendary was originally going to get the metallic case like the limited edition , hence the wider space in the base.Was it worth $ 130 ? yes , but barely . The helmet is what really sells it . the extra bonus features are cool , especially the Red vs. Blue episodes , but unless youre a MAJOR and im talking friggin MAJOR halo fan -LRB- as in accounts on halo.bungie.org , read all the novels , own the soundtracks , have downloaded every movie on XBL , and have a Halo 3 Zune -RRB- then its not necessary .
 Halo 3 is the game to buy right now . One would think that would n't be the case with that monstrous ad campaign that 's made it 's way not only to Burger King but to the sides of Pontiac cars but believe it or not , this game lives up to the hype and surpasses it in just about every way imaginable.Whether you play the game in single player mode or online against or alongside other people , you 're pretty much guaranteed to be entertained from start to finish . I particularly enjoyed the storyline to the single player game this time around as Halo 2 was n't exactly the most fun I 've had playing a single player campaign . Not only that but you can play with up to three others online in cooperative mode and it 's a lot of fun if a little too easy , even on Legendary difficulty . Graphics , sound and control are all exactly what you 'd expect from the franchise and they 've added so many bells and whistles to all the modes and all the new modes that what you 're left with is an astounding package that is pretty much guaranteed to give you plenty of entertainment for the next couple of years , no question.Now ... . here 's the question
 Halo 3 - Circa 2007GOOD : - Four-player online -LRB- or offline -RRB- co-op Gameplay allows two ; three , or four players play through the game from start to end . A co-op player can come into the game at any time and leave at any time -LRB- note only one of you will play as the Master Chief , while another will play as the Arbiter , and the other two players will be Elites that work with humans -RRB- - Great looking graphics and animation , that look even better then Halo 2 , F.E.A.R. and just as good as Bioshock , while these graphics might not look as good as Gears of War do to some people these graphics still are some of the best seen to date . - Intense multiplayer action online through Xbox Live with matches as small as one on one and as big as 16 players -LRB- and offline with out using Xbox Live using either spilt screen , or system link -RRB- . Halo 3 is set up similar to Halo 2 in the sense that you 're given a rank when you play multiplayer -LRB- this rank can go up or down at any time -RRB- this rank is representative of your skill and your matched with others of your skill type , that way new unskilled players and hardcore veterans will not often play against one another , unless they make a special match themselves that ignores rank.BAD : - Confusing plot to new players of this franchise - Playing Pervious games and read the Halo Novels will fill you in on the details , if you are incline to learn them . - No Clan Support -LRB- like in Halo 2 -RRB- - This might get fixed in a future patch - Game is considered short to some -LRB- Campaign Story Mode -RRB- . IF IT FITS YOUR TASTE : - A Sci-Fi First Person Shooter with quick pacing and vehicle combat . - Co-op and online versus/team games is the big draw here . - NEW MODE
 The Game : I am not a true gamer . I 'm 34 and just ca n't keep up with the kids . :-RRB- Still , Halo is the most fun I 've had in years . The music is wonderful , and everything about the game seems to work well together . It 's obvious there was a lot of time put into polish and balance . The first time I finished the campaign I could n't wait to play again . Halo 3 has enormous depth and replayability . As a huge Firefly / Serenity fan I was absolutely thrilled by ... eh , I 'm not going to spoil it.The Legendary Edition : The helmet is much higher quality than I had anticipated . It 's solid , put together with screws -LRB- not simply snap-lock -RRB- , and the paint has real depth . The packaging , while larger than that of the 360 console is good , but not great ; it 's obviously still paper and cardboard , with some less-than-legendary rough edges and downright cheap molded plastic positioners inside . Microsoft should have hired Apple 's packaging designer for this one . The DVD case insert for the game disc is different -LRB- and cooler -RRB- than that of the standard Halo 3 package .
 The game is the game , nothing different . You can find reviews of that all over the web.The other special features , like behind the scenes , etc. , you can find those all over too.The HELMET
 The actual game review : Graphics
 I am not going to review the game because you can get that anywhere ... IF you are a Halo Fan or a collector the Legendary addition is great for one reason . The Helmet ... larger and better quality than I expected . I do n't normally fall to the hype of games but the Legendary addition is worth it for the helmet alone ...
 Im very , very happy that i bought the legendary edition because for big fans and no fans the package is just beautiful , the helmet is a perfect replica of master chief 's and the extras are worth the extra money.The game is the best one in the trilogy and the ending is awesome i really liked it a lot , it was worth the wait to have this beautiful game.If you liked halo 1 and 2 like i did dont hesitate in buying the third installment is a great game great graphics and to much fun , and i strongly recommend to you to buy this edition believe me is a very beautifull edition with great extras for all halo fans . this edition is worth the extra money every penny .
 I played the campaign first and I would have to say that I still do n't understand the game . I never played the first 2 games and when I played Halo 3 , I did not do the missions in order due to friend 's availability . From the beginning you start and have an elite with you as a partner and then you have bad guys fighting along side you in certain missions and then you have the flood everywhere . Next is the little ball that tried to kill you in the last mission and nothing ever makes sense . Ill leave it at that . If you co-op the campaign , 2 people are Master Chief and the other 2 are elites.The reason I bought this was for the helmet . I have a stand next to my TV that has the Modern Warfare 2 night vision goggles and the Batrang . The helmet is not wearable and the stand has space to keep some games or movies in . The helmet matches the color of my ODST controller that I have.I am very happy with my purchase at half the price than what it came out originally . I would definitely recommend this item to anybody since you can still find them new and the price keeps dropping on Amazon .
 A lot of peaople ask me this , and well i alredy answer . . no you cant wear the helmet , other than that , its a terrifict pack , and now with low price , the helmet looks great the picture doesnt help much . And about the game itself , ... . well there is not much more i can say about it , ... . ITS HALO 3 !!!! .
 I recommend you buy this awsome game . Multi player and Xbox live rock.You have to buy Halo 3 . Get the Legendary Edition.I mean it
 Awesome design , looks great on my desk and all the goodies included worth every penny , get it if you are a fan !
 The packaging , the spartan helmet , the extra content cd ; all smokin ' . The game could have been longer , but let 's face it , the reason you bought Halo 3 was to play online ... did n't you ? This game is awesome online , except for the occasional team killer . I would have given it 100 if there had been a few more levels .
 Price was just too good to pass up . I was going to buy the game anyway and this deal let me get the legendary edition for the same price as I was going to pay for the game by itself . Additional disc and helmet are very cool and would have been worth paying a little extra for if price would have been higher . Thanks Amazon
 I managed to snag one of the deals for this product at $ 60 in December . The reason that I am only now writing this review is because I felt the need to thoroughly test it . At $ 60 it 's a great price , but at $ 130 , no way . One thing you can do is look at the other merchants at Amazon selling this game -LRB- look under the like-new section -RRB- at a lower price . Now onto the product itself . First of all , the inside of the outer cardboard piece is like a poster of Master Cheif , except for the fact that if you cut it out , master cheif 's head or legs are severed . In the box , there is the Halo 3 game disc , Halo Essentials -LRB- commentary , making of game , themes for the 360 dashboard and some pics -RRB- , the Mark VI helmet -LRB- does not fit on anyone 's head ! , and is used as a lid for the container it rests on -RRB- , a container that can hold the 2 game cases along with another one . The game has an excellent storyline , multiplayer interaction -LRB- though I 'm not sure how long people will be playing that -RRB- , and many bonus game add-ons -LRB- such as Forge , where you can construct and build your own map , then play on it , and Theater , where you can review and edit any game on halo you 've played -RRB- . My final review is that unless you strongly like the Halo series , do n't get this product unless it 's under $ 80 .
 I was n't one bit interested in the extra footage or informaton on Halo so I ended up selling the extra content and used the helmet case to house all 3 Halo games . Seems fitting and looks pretty cool on the shelf . To each their own I do n't have any comments on extra footage but as a case this is pretty neat .
 packaging is awesome and well done ! but i have to say other then the helmet its not as spiffy as i thought :p if you are a HARDCORE halo fan GET THIS otherwise pass :-RRB- or wait for when its cheap again :D if they ever do : x
 every thing i expected . Great game , cool case thing . not worth the regular price but worth what i paid.Peace
 Halo 3 Legendary EditionThis was overall an awesome deal for an amazing game !!
 This review is dedicated to my Xbox playing brother . This is the best version of Halo 3 on the market . It comes with the game itself , a DVD , a model of Master Chief 's Helmet , and a display stand to display the helmet and hold your games . I think you can modify the helmet so you can wear it . This is the last of the trilogy . In the last clip , you see Halo take his helmet off . The carboard that the box comes in forms a poster of the Master Chief . I recomend this to ANY Halo or XBox 360 fan .
 This is a must have game . I have playing this game sens HALO 1 after 5 + years it is still fun to play online .
 this review is given by my sonI was entertained for hours just by the bonus cd 's . The multiplayer is as good as the adventure .
 I do n't personally have this product , but my boyfriend does and he is -LRB- like most guys I know -RRB- very much into Halo . I would say that I would totally recommend this to others just from seeing how much he and his friends -LRB- including my son -RRB- enjoy it .
 awesome game , like the extra helmet too , the updates make it a lot more enjoyable
 this was a pretty short halo episode , but it 's a sweet online game . the legendary edition extras are well worth the extra cash
 i 've had this game for a few months already ... , and to me , this game is probably one of the by-far most talked about game in recent ` history ' . the graphics are pretty intense . story line is good too . i have n't heard of much bad opinions about this game at all . to me it 's another microsoft success.while playing the game , it gave me the feeling as if i 'm in the story . sometimes to the point that i get dizzy because i 'm too into it . perhaps because i do get slight motion sick if i concentrate too much into the whole environment . i had to put down the controller a couple times to rest . this whole package -LRB- legendary edition -RRB- basically includes the game , the making of the game dvd , as well as a commemorative helmet which you ca n't wear -LRB- although it 'd be cool if you could -RRB- . definitely makes a great gift ; i 've given away a couple already.so lastly , like my title ... , it 's definitely not for the faint-hearted nor light-headed ...
 For hardcore fans , this legendary edition is the best game you can get for the 360 ! The extras are fantastic , and I highly recommend this over the two cheaper versions . It has n't been a big hit at retail so you can get it for just a little over the price of retail ... which is just a fantastic deal . There 's a load of stuff to explore and enjoy .
 I got this for my son and he just loves it and so do his friends . They think the helmet is `` wicked '' and the game is a lot of fun . Well worth the money spent .
 Amazon had a great price on Halo 3 Legendary Edition . You get a nice replica of a Spartan Mjolnir Mark VI helmet with display stand . Too bad ... it 's not full size . Oh , the game is good too .
 This is THE edition to buy if you have the money . Sure , people can complain all they want about how stupid the helmet is and all that , but just the additional features and the intricacy of the helmet design is awesome . You really have to see this in person before you can make a complete opinion of this edition .
 halo 3 legendary edition is the most have game of the year not only cause what it has but it can make for a great gift idea for the holidays holding every thing you need to finish the fight with the master chief and the scale replica of his helmet I know your gona love it .
 This game is very well put together . If you have not read or played the games or read the books . This game my seemed a little odd . The story line is very good if you have been following it . This halo 3 is not as long as the first two , but it does tie the series together with a good ending . Plus like most good stories they do leave an open ended where they can do another one maybe in about 2 years . Over all this game and product is good . For parents who think this game is to mature you are wrong . This game compared to games like Fear , KILLZONE , Doom and a few just like it . Halo is mild ...
 With the installment of Bungie 's Halo Combat Evolved First Person Shooters have had the bar raised high.With Great balanced gameplay and graphics Halo CE was and still is a great game , and to this day is still one of my favorites playing lan.As the years past though people wanted a contuation of there beloved Halo CE and a another taste of Bungie 's masterpieces.With the onset of Bungie 's Halo 2 many of the core fans were let down.Bungie tried to make a already Great game Better and in doing this failed.Changing things that should of not been changed made the game less fun and not as challenging . Im not saying that Halo 2 was a bad game infact its a very Good game , Im saying its a bad sequal to Halo CE.As everyone knows who played Halo 2 Bungie left us with a HUGE WTF at the end . As the years passed on people wanted to know what happend at the end of Halo 2 and so on September 25 Bungie Released the much anticipated HALO 3 . HALO 3 adds some of the good things of Halo CE and Halo 2 with better gameplay and much greater graphics than ever seen in any Halo game.Halo 3 adds new weapons and equipment to the gameplay to Halo and by doing that adds a new twist on how you play the game.I can easily say that this is a GREAT HALO BASED GAME and a Great Game To as well.BUNGIE THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN YOUR SEQUAL TO HALO CE .
 M$ does it yet again ! buys a company that makes a successful game and markets the daylights out of it ... it is a lot of fun and the graphics are stunning on an HD TV . New weapons and vehicles make the game a bit different but it 's still kill all the aliens ... well the bad ones anyway ... I was really hoping that the helmet would fit my little monkey 's head but the opening is only large enough to fit the stand ... guess it 's time for the dremel tool
 My son and all his friends say this games is how they say `` the chiz '' , `` super cool '' , `` killer dude '' and all that stuff , As I was checking out the game myself , I was very impressed with the realism of virtually all the scenery , the figures were very life like until they talk , it looks like until the game designers can put a human in the game the lips simply will not move in sync with the words , oh well a small price to pay for all the excitement.And unless you are going to store the collectors box and little statue in a safe place , only buy the game , the rest is pretty much a waste for the kids .
 A sequel should be incremental , and never a radical departure from the source . Pithy remarks about this being `` Halo 2.5 '' demonstrate a fundamental lack of understanding concerning interactive storytelling . This is in every way the perfect sequel.The Halo series remains one of the few console FPS games that I truly enjoy , and Bungie does that honor justice once again with Halo 3 . The graphics have been improved without losing the Halo style , something that could have happened had they focused overly hard on going ultra-realistic . The Halo games have primarily had two things going for them
 I 've been playing Halo since it first came out with my father , it 's why I have an xbox & 360 . It 's the best .
 Thought the helmet did something other than store the game boxes . Unles you plan on keeping the helmet as a collectors item , do n't waste your money .
 + + + + + First , do not read J. Rambo `` Bone '' 's review on the last page , for his review contains a spoiler . + + + + + + + + + + + + + Second , this game is awesome , you should really play it on Heroic or Legendary because that sets the perfect pace of gameplay . The helmet is well built , and serves well for displaying . If you are single , maybe not the best move , but if you are like me , married and have a Man Room in the house , then this full size helmet is an excellent decoration . It is very classy and is not overdone . As for the bonus material , that 's also a very nice extra , but not worth the extra unless you are seriously into the Halo universe . There are two bonus episodes of RvB on the Legendary bonus disc , as well as a lot of other nice content . Also , do n't be impatient , watch the credits all the way through , it 's worth it .
 One of the best video games I have ever played ! Anyone who surfs should get this game for when the waves are small . You may never paddle out again . Good for all you Kooks as well !
 This game was even better than I expected it to be . It 's easy to get a grasp of the controls but pretty challenging . You have a choice of some awesome O'Niell sponsored surfers , each with their own highlights movie you can watch . The beaches are solid and the weather controls really give you a chance to differ your environment . Good graphics are accompanied by a huge variety of camera angles so you can control the surfer from afar or see through the surfer 's eyes for a more intense approach to a wave . You 'll like this game if you like sports challenge games . Also , you can play with up to 3 other people so can rip on your buddies .
 Although the original MW2 pc versions -LSB- possibly some -RSB- have better graphics , but the music is crystal clear . The music can be played on you music player or CD music player -LSB- that is a true fact . -RSB- This is a game you will enjoy for ages .
 Max Payne is one of those rare games that does everything right . Great plot , amazingly fun , and it does n't take itself seriously at all . You are Max Payne -- an ex-cop whose family was killed by junkies . As the game 's plot unfolds , you are sucked into a conspiracy that takes you from exacting your revenge on petty mob bosses all the way up to those responsible for ruining you . The game 's Bullet Time system gives you the edge you need to defeat the hordes of mobsters , mercenaries , and more sent to stop you from discovering the truth about your past . I also highly recommend downloading the Kung Fu mod , which essentially turns Max into Neo . This game is worth every cent .
 if u like initial d at all , and you like games like gran turismo or forza -LRB- no xbox fanboy comments please ! -RRB- then you 'll love this game . got rid of my psp and still kept this game to play again later
 This game is exactly the same thing as the arcade game , just in your pocket !!!! OH AND BY THE WAY
 This game is great ! Its just like the arcade . This game is very challenging and the replays are awesome ! If you like Initial D and own a PSP this is the game for you .
 I imported this one from Play-Asia . I was really looking forward to it , as it is so popular in the arcades , and I 've played it on my Japanese Playstation 2 . Just about every review I read at gamefaqsdotcom also gave it really high marks . But it just was n't fun to me . I may be missing something from the different language -LRB- Japanese -RRB- but in general it was a real snoozer.I would recommend it , but have to say I personally did n't enjoy it.MC White said
 Mario Bros was an awesome arcade game back in the day , and it still holds up well today.The NES version plays , looks , and sounds like the original , only with minor edits.As Mario , you just hit enemies from underneath , and then kick 'em off ! Oh , and grab the coins , too.Things are especially fun in 2-player mode , in which the other player plays as Luigi.Overall , this game ca n't be missed by any Mario fan .
 Despite being a budget , throwaway promotional game for the nation 's second largest fast food chain , `` Sneak King '' delivers more shadowy stealth action than `` Splinter Cell , '' `` Assassin 's Creed , '' or `` Guess Who . `` The premise of the game is that you 're a maniacal monarch who 's fallen in lust with ... Well , someone . Although the game never makes it clear , this person , like Joseph Campbell 's hero with a thousand faces , is a constantly shifting enigma , continually elluding the King 's desparate cries for affection.Stunted from further emotional growth , the King resorts to sulking in alleyways , rummaging through garbage , handing out free Whoppers to passersby , and peering into the windows of suburbia in the dead of night , hoping only to catch a glimpse of his idealized man/woman/other . Truly , `` Sneak King '' brings home all of the stalker-like action of being the paparazzi , except with less cash , more fries , and the privilege of being royalty . `` Sneak King '' would have earned five stars , but alas , the X - and Y-axes are inverted and there is no setting to correct this glaring oversight . The King is greatly displeased .
 i have this game for Ds and i just want to be the first to review this and it is fun but if you like racing and speeding without getting a ticket you can even hit a police car without getting in trouble this is so FUNNNNN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 You can pick up a N-Gage for little money nowadays , and there are some great games for this system ! Pocket Kingdom is nicely addictive and has multi-player options.First , Pocket Kingdom bills itself as being the first MMORPG on a handheld . It 's amazing to think of any handheld game as being MMORPG capable . On the downside , in most areas there are few N-Gage players to hang out with.You can make several parties of 4 characters , starting with the basic warrior or mage types . As you roam around maps , you can send various parties into battle . The characters then auto-fight based on their abilities . You sit and watch , hoping that you equipped them well enough to defeat their enemies . In a way this makes more sense than a high level character 's defeat being caused by poor reaction timing of the person playing the game.Each character can wield one special item to help boost their stats . Instead of finding weapons , you find `` molds '' for weapons and have to track down the components . There are hundreds of items available for use.You can choose which types of battles to enter , so you can hang out in easy areas to boost your stats , or head into more difficult arenas to face a challenge . It 's pretty easy to get in a few battles while you wait in line , pause it , and pick up the game later on when you have time again.The game tries to be L33T in its gangster slang , which is at times funny and at times a bit silly . The sound has simple soundtrack backgrounds , and the graphics are simple but effective . This certainly is n't a game that holds up to PSP standards , but on the other hand the cost is incredibly less . I picked up this game for 1/10th the price of most other games on the market.Well recommended for any N-Gage owner who enjoys RPG adventure .
 The Untouchable by Creative Edge is an impressive digitized fighting game that features full motion video of real martial artists controlled at real time -LRB- 19 selectable characters ! -RRB- , zoom camera effects , 3D rendered backgrounds with multiple parallax scrolling , ` mad ' or ` explosive ' combo moves and a lot more !! Plus , this game has one of the best soundtracks I 've never seen in a game before !! It features famous people like Prodigy , among others.If you like fighting games , get it !!
 I started playing mahjongg at a free gamesite online while at work . I became so addicted to it that when I saw this package -- I HAD to get it . Then I started getting others in my family hooked on it too !!! They all went out and bought their own as well . It is great !! No patches needed and it does n't mess up your computer like other games can . I whole heartedly recommend this to any puzzle lover !!!!
 I remember getting Moraff 's World when shareware was the best method for a new game developer to get his/her stuff before the public . The Moraff mahjongg -LRB- and ringjongg and spherejongg -RRB- have long been the most fun and visually stunning games of the Moraff series of games . Not only does Moraff offer more than one kind of mahjongg but also different games within each kind of mahjongg while never playing the same game twice . You can use your own backgrounds for every game or even design your own tiles . I have spent a lot of time playing these games and wholeheartedly recommend this as a cut above the rest .
 I 've played Mahjongg for 15 years and this is by far the best Mahjongg game that I have seen . As the name implies , the maximum Mahjongg fun ! There are so many varieties of tilesets and layouts , and the tilesets are beautiful and entertaining just looking . I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys playing Mahjongg !
 great game almost addictive . very challenging . keeps your mind sharp . Moraffs masterpiece . I own at least 6 game sets and play them all .
 Search and rescue 2 puts you as a pilot of the dolphin rescue helicopter , your task in this sim/adventure is to rescue people in sinking ships , medical emergency 's or lost hikers and many more senario 's with over fifty diferent missions . You can play single missions and just practise flying or rescuing , or you can play a campaign mission which let 's you rise in rank.The game is great and very addictive if this is the sort of thing you like . There is a great many things you can do in this game such as landing on hospital roofs and ships at sea ect but once you have played all fifty missions and tryed everything it can get a little boring because there is no other aspect to the game , for example when your promoted nothing happens the game just stays the same . But like i said before if you like sims your probably love this.The graphics are great and the sound is realistic -LRB- the crew of the chopper talk to you but you ca n't talk back -RRB- . The chopper is easy to flight and the missions are very challenging . I have just heard that a search and rescue 3 is now avalible which is an improvment on 2 because it has over 100 missions to fly and three helicopters rather than one which you have in sar2 . Overall this game is Exellent for sim fans .
 This game is very cool . Flying all different kinds of choppers , saving and rescuing people , searching missions and much more , makes you feel an SAR pilot . There 's a lot of helicopters to fly and a lot of missions to accomplish . I recomend this game to people who have SAR 1 and that like piloting choppers .
 I think sar2 is a great game it is fun and being a jr firefighter it is a good simulation of what really goes on .
 Purchased this over a year ago because the original power source stopped working . Bought this one , and hav n't had any issues since . Definitely recommend .
 At first I thought a new power supply was going to cost as much as a new console , this power supply works great and is inexpensive . No issues with the Nintendo Wii at all .
 This product works as a cord for the Wii , but it is not made by Nintendo . I thought it was , but maybe I read the description wrong .
 Our Wii crapped out on us , and we realized it was the AC Power Adapter . If you try to buy this at Best Buy or most other stores , it ends up costing a LOT ... luckily I found it at a very reasonable price here on Amazon.com , and was thrilled that it got our Wii back up and running nice and smooth . It 's been working for the past ... I do n't know , probably year now ... no problems at all . I am happy !
 Needed a new plug for my wii . . this did the trick . Looks the same as the one that came with it . plugged in and as good as new .
 Well it did come on time and it seems to work well for the time i used it . Have not yet given it the grind which i will when i leave for India and use it on 220V !!
 I bought this power adaptor as a replacement after a storm fried the one that came with the Wii . I researched several different brands online and decided to take a chance on this one . I figured at less than $ 12.00 it was worth the gamble . It paid off . The power adaptor works great , I can tell no difference between it and the original .
 No need to pay three times more for wii adapter . It works as well as the original adapter .
 This item looks and functions just like the original ! If you compare the two dapters side by side , you could n't tell the difference !
 This product is great and does what it 's supposed to do , though the cable is shorter than the original AC Adapter .
 I needed this specific cord to replace my original wii charging cord after an electrical storm blew the old one out . It was a great price for a replacement product and has worked well for over a year now .
 I ordered this product for my WI because I was sort of troubleshooting . The console did n't work although the light came on . I still could not get any picture or sound on the t.v. . After ordering this power cord I realized that it was simply a matter of replacing the old cord . Problem solved .
 This item works as described in US . I have to test it on 240 Volts yet which i will be doing when i go back to India . This is much lighter then original power adapter though , it is working good so far & i hope will work as described when it will be used in India at 240V power .
 It 's not a game it 's the power adapter and it works just like I expected , arrived very quickly allowed me to put it right into use !
 it 's not a game . it 's the power cord for a wii . mine just stopped working so i ordered it from here . cheap and fast . brand new . i will buy from them again . i still cant believe how cheap i got it from here . like i said it came brand new so why would you buy it from a store when you could order it here for so much less .
 Great product ! Works perfect for the Ninetedo Wii . We were completely satisfied ! I hope this review will be helpful for you . Our adapter blew a fuse and this was the way to correct the problem .
 I purchased this power supply with some reserve based on other reviewers experience with distortion . I have a 50 '' plasma and it worked great . No distorion what so ever . Very pleased .
 Our wii adaptor got fried . I found it here on Amazon.com cheaper than anywhere else . It worked like a charm ! Good deal ... good product !
 Cheap replacement for the official Wii power supply . One reviewer stated it 's not rated for 240v input . The labeling on the transformer itself states ' 110V-245V ' . The male plug is a standard 120v two-prong plug though . So imagine if you needed it for 220V-240V you could either find an adapter or cut the wires and install a new plug . Although I have not tried this myself , so proceed with caution .
 great service for the price payed and great timing . I would recommend this company to anyone . the product works great
 This is a very good piece of the wii , I found it very good .
 I have bought the extra AC power adapter mainly because I need to relocate my Wii from here -LRB- home -RRB- to there -LRB- friends ' or relatives ' houses -RRB- . It works perfectly -LRB- although it is not an official Nintendo product -RRB- .
 I bought this power supply so I could easily move my WII from one room to another . I was nervous since the Wii is new , but it works great .
 This AC Adapter works just as fine as the original . So , you will save a few bucks going with it . I ca n't tell on the long run , but the original burnt on me after 6 months -LRB- electricity peak -RRB- . So far so good -LRB- has been 1 month -RRB- .
 I bought this to replace the original power adaptor destroyed by a power/cable surge . The box part on it is much lighter than the original Nintendo power adaptor , but it 's been working fine since October 2007 .
 Bought this since my adapter got fried from a surge . Works great as a replacement for half the price .
 I needed a power supply for my WII . . It was reasonably priced came in a few days and works . what more can you want ?
 When a storm 86ed my adapter -LRB- which was n't plugged into a surge suppressor -RRB- I figured I 'd get hosed for a new one from Nintendo . Leave it to eforcity to have what I needed at a great price !
 It 's great ! I could n't have enjoyed my Wii without it . Everyone should have one .
 The power cord for the Wii quit working . I ordered a replacement from this seller and it is working perfectly . Also was shipped in a timely manner . Thanks .
 This power adapter for the Wii works just like the original with the only difference that it fits just slightly tighter than the power supply that came packaged with the game system .
 This adaptor is great and eforcity service is even greater . My order was shipped immediately , it was on course to arrive in time , however the tracker suddenly mentioned address not deliverable . On checking with USPS they mentioned some mix up at their end resulting in package going back . I sent two emails to eforcity . Got reply in 4 hrs from both , confirming their intention to dispatch another piece and re-confirming address . They shipped without waiting for earlier adaptor to come back . I got my adaptor in time for my out of country visit .
 Works great and was shipped safely and quickly . Actually ordered this and another cable so we could more easily swap the Wii from TV to TV .
 We think it works fine , but it makes a super annoying noise when it is turned off . Does the job but drives us bonkers
 I needed it - and was glad to find it at such a great price . It is an exact replacement and Arrived in 3 days !
 Needed a replacement for our original ac adapter . Glad it works , and hope this one lasts longer . Kids love playing their Wii
 This replacement power adaptor for wii works just as well as the original that was damaged during power outage . No problems , great price .
 I got my original adapter burned when the voltage dipped to 110 -LRB- in India it is 220 Volts -RRB- and the voltage converter automatically switched to 240 volts . I was looking for a replacement adapter at amazon when I found this one.Now I need not worry any more about the input voltage . Very good one indeed .
 got my Wii working again no interferance price could not be lower ! so review needs to be longer but i said it all
 Goods came as discribed by seller . Fast shipping and I was able to use my Wee that evening .
 I needed a replacement for my wii because the charger fried out . I am satisfied with this one as it works just fine
 This served my purposes perfectly and replaced my OEM adapter , but it 's noticeably lighter -LRB- 1/4 the weight maybe -RRB- at the same size which gives me a little cause for worry . That said , after about 3 weeks it 's still working great .
 I had to order this replacement piece for our Wii . Our rabbit chewed our original in half , which worked with no problems .
 great valuemuch lighter weight than original but has been working like a champ for months now.really simple plug in set up that only goes one way so mistake proof and easy
 A good deal and would frecomend to other buyers , although I now do most of my small electronic purchases at monoprice.com .
 Bought this to replace one I fried . It 's been working fine for years , hopefully I wo n't ever need another . .
 The price was right ! The quality was the same as what comes with the wii originally . My kids shorted out the original cord so this saved us from buying a whole new system . A great buy !
 Our last power supply shorted out after a power outage . We replaced it with this and it has worked great . We have had several power bumps since , but have not come across any problems.The cable is a little short , but that is not a problem our particular set up.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a replacement .
 Obviously , this is not a game program , it is replacement hardware . The hardware -LRB- AC power adapter for Wii -RRB- works fine and it arrived within the timetable presented . What more is there to say ? Great price .
 This a classic great game back from the late 90 's and it is still awesome . I have the creatures Exodus and now with the albian years i have all my creatures games well ... at least till the new game comes out come 2013 .
 A gaming engine that was years before it 's time . Mingling AI technology , infinate possibilities and brilliant adorableness it 's a game you really wo n't want to miss . But beware , these little norns will capture your heart and test your willpower to put it away .
 One of the best games on the Sega CD system and one of the top side scrolling shooters , period !
 I spent about 4 hours so far driving the Biggetal Route and I love it . Coming from Germany a while back I must say the signalling , stations , sound etc. are excellent . This add on gives you the true feeling of a regional German route with all the bells and whistles . The activities are grouped from easy to challenging and there is a wide variety of them . Definately worth the money!Update
 I spent about 4 hours so far driving the Biggetal Route and I love it . Coming from Germany a while back I must say the signalling , stations , etc. are excellent . The activities are grouped from easy to challenging and there is a wide variety of them . Definately worth the money !
 This product is quite different from other game packs I have bought . It lets you create new games and then play them either online or against an internal opponent . So unlike say `` Hoyle 's Board Games '' type products , this one keep getting more interesting . A visit to the company 's web site showed hundreds of other games I could add for free . And more seem to get posted there each week.With all the violent games on the market , one devoted to the mind really stands out . And one that never grows old is even better !
 This software is amazing ! Great games that present a great challenge and oriental/exotic type games that I 'd never find anywhere else , too . The company 's web site offers hundreds more . This is certainly a game I 'll never grow bored with , that 's for sure ! I 'm impressed !
 This game is a little dated , but relevant for those owners of the classic Star Wars trilogy on DVD . The game features one of the most indepth looks at one of the most famous film franchises in history , with deleted scenes , trivia , and more.Unfortunately , if you 're looking for info on the prequel trilogy , you 're pretty much out of luck , as it only goes as far to provide a preview of Episode I.Hopefully , now that the entire film series is completed , Lucasarts can go back and expand this game with more information on the prequels .
 This will not work on windows 2011 7 64-bit . I need help , compatibility mode wo n't work and do n't want to bog down my pc into 90s defunked mode ! Please help me -LRB- Obi-Wan Kenobi -RRB- Your my only hope ...
 Star Wars Behind The Magic Encyclopedia discs are a treasure trove of information , far better then a web site or the extras in the DVD and BluRay movie discs . The user interface is detailed and keeps track backwards and forwards of all the pages you visited with multiple cross links . So much better researching with a mouse instead of using a remote to view a movie disc extra . Rare footage includes the lost video of Biggs with Luke . The amount of data stored in the pages of the discs is amazing . Find out each scene , character and ship in detail in how various props were created . All sorts of hidden Star Wars historical information is presented . Why does Han Solo 's pants have stripes , who is Biggs , what ship is faster then the Millenium Falcon , see Chewbacca 's family , the data just streams on an on . Wrap it up by answering a trivia questionnaire which has even more information.Behind The Magic runs in Windows XP , Windows 98 and Windows 95 . It will run in 64 bit Windows 7 only if the 16 bit Installer can be bypassed . The work around is to first install in an older Windows such as XP , then copy the BTM folder over to the Windows 7 computer . A simple update of the Windows 7 Registry allows the program to run.Note that only the 1st edition release of Star Wars Behind The Magic include the Yoda Art Lithograph .
 I had initially loaned my last CD of this game to an Amtrak employee who was frequently on the train route on which I travelled . He said He 'd copy it and give it back to me on the next trip upon which he was scheduled and found me . Well , He supposedly got transferred . I had n't made my own extra copy , so I am happy to have been able to purchase it here rather than travel to several stores to find it . It has so many games . My favorite is triple cell . Thank You Amazon.com
 This collection of Hoyle card games is really great . Good graphics , comprehensive in terms of all the games included . The only negative thing is it takes up a lot of space on your hard drive , but it would have to with all the features of the game
 Best price I found anywhere of this software . Arrived ontime and was what I ordered .
 I was nervous about buying anything off the enternet , since this was my first time , but the product arrived quickly and it worked . This program also will read autocad documents .
 Awesome mouse . SetPoint utility that 's included is great for assigning different commands for the same button while using different programs . People have complained about the battery life ; but that 's not an issue for me . It 's no problem to switch the battery out every other day . It takes all of 5 seconds , and ensures that the mouse performs optimally at all times . Plus there is no cord interference like with the G5 .
 This is a great mouse , I love it to death . It is very sleek and stylish , plus it fits very comfortably in your hand . As others have pointed out , it does n't have very many buttons . For me however , it has enough buttons to get me by . This thing is incredibly sensitive . I had to bump down the sensitivity for the highest level so I could control the darned thing . It has three levels of sensitivity that you control with two little buttons below the scroll wheel . In games , it is very helpful when sniping off in the distance . You can run around on high sensitivity , then quickly bump it down when you need that extra stability . I love that feature . My main problem with this mouse is the batteries . I love the fact that you can just pop them out and switch , but the life on the individual battery does n't seem that long . I know it 's lithium ion and I should n't gripe , but it seems like every few days I have to pop out the batteries and switch again . Overall , this is one of my favorite mice . Highly recommended .
 The Logitech G7 is well worth the money . I have been using mine for about an month now and I am thrilled with the seamless performance . The USB port that is on top of the charging deck is a really great feature so you 're not tieing up all of your other ports . The fast battery switch is extremely convient , especially for emergency times . Turbo charge is reliable and allows a decent battery life , while the normal charge time gives a fairly long battery life . Best mouse I 've owned . Wonderful for casual use and daily gaming !
 this mouse has been improved on every parts from MX1000 except one , the surface of the mouse make you fell very sticky if you have sweaty hands like me .
 I like this one easy to use battery easy to replace even during a game . I like the extra button . I use it with cod waw
 The G7 wireless mouse is an excellant mouse which I enjoy using . I have other good mice including the logitec MX518 , and the MS sidewinder game mouse , but this is my favorite one now.The G7 out performs all other mice I have tried , I actually had to use the software to slow it down on the higher settings . 2000 DPI is a little to fast for me . It has very smooth action on my mouse pad.The Logitech software works very well with this mouse allowing you 5 different DPI settings , however I find the 3 standered settings sufficent for 1st person shooter or regular work on the desk top.The only weakness this mouse has , and it really is n't that bad is the batteries life is around 7 hours then you have to switch to the back up battery which sit 's in it 's charger . This doe n't take very long and the mouse program will tell you when the mouse battery is getting critically low.For the current money -LRB- around $ 60 -RRB- I find this mouse an excellant deal .
 I bought this in 2006 when it was new and top of the line . I used it daily and constantly . Being able to swap batteries in the middle of a game was great . The application allows for speed and sensitivity settings which help depending on the game played.It lasted until earlier this year when it just went on the fritz . I think 2-3yrs is good for a mouse .
 I was replacing a wired G5 mouse when I purchased this one . The ergonomics of the mouse are excellent ; it really feels comfortable in your hand -LRB- sorry lefties . -RRB- Further , they include two batteries so you never have to ` dock ' the mouse ... you can just swap out the batteries when it stops responding . I also like the ability to change the tracking speed on the fly . All in all , I would repurchase this mouse and recommend it to anyone looking for a wireless solution . -LRB- Tracks as well as any corded mouse I 've ever had ! -RRB-
 Ive since owned this mouse on two different occassions . Once several years ago , used very low DPI , like lower than 800 . . seems like this mouse doesnt like lower than 800 . could be the game i dont know . Got rid of the mouse back then , then bought it for the girlfriend and decided to give it a go again . and finally decided to get my own again . read the review on what i though of the mouseIll explain the 5 rating in better detail below.i 'll start with the small negative 's I have first1 . The texture of the mouse , not as smooth as the MX518 , like i said small negative2 . The single back button the left side ... where is my forward button ? also why is it so far up the side.I have small hands , therefore im hitting it with the tip of my thumb .3 . I 'd say low battery life , but they last like 6-8 hours -LRB- or more , didnt pay attention -RRB- and you get 2 batteries , -LRB- kind of like a pro/negative when you look at itNow onto the positive1 . excellent response time . ive used an MX700 years ago , and you could tell the wireless lag in FPS games . there is absolutely no lag in this . -LRB- coming from years of MX518 use -RRB- I was able to play Counter-Strike Source with no problem .2 . The DPI button switching is flawless . . as many of you MX518 user 's can attest to , the switching was horrible . But with this mouse , it was done perfectly . Switches with ease , no changing back when it wants , and it tells you where it is . no longer guessing what DPI you had set it to .3 . Battery switching is almost instant . takes longer to take the battery out and put the extra one in then it does for it to kick in .4 . No Cord . no more pulling the cord in the right direction for you FPS guys , to get your game on .5 . Works great with Windows 7 -LRB- currently only release candidate is out -RRB- I ca n't think of anymore at the moment
 I was debating whether to get the G7 or the MX revolution . Since I do a little big of gaming , I decided to get this mouse and I have to say , I 'm pleased with it . I do n't have that many needs with regards to changing speeds , customized buttons , etc , so the functionality of this mouse is fine . It has a nice grip and feels comfortable in my hand for hours at a time.For gaming , I do n't notice any issues with it being wireless and lagging . The battery lasts for a little less than one 's day use for me -LRB- 8 hours or so -RRB- , but switching between the batteries is basically painless .
 This was a great deal the price was good even cheaper than the price from the official webpage , the product was brand new as advertised and the shipment very fast . I recommend it very much
 I 'm not a huge gamer -LRB- more of a developer and web nut -RRB- but I wanted a good mouse and this thing blew me away when I first plugged it in . The first battery had enough juice right out of the box that the second battery was finished charging by the time I needed it . The shape of the mouse fits my rather large hand incredibly well . You can tell someone was using their head . The adjustable sensitivity feature is actually quite nice depending on what kind of work you are doing at the moment . It 's just overall a great mouse even for the casual or non-gamer .
 this mouse is great . it feels nice in your hand and the range is very nice . the only problem is watch out if you have wireless . I had a linksys wireless router that ran at the same signal as the mouse and would make the mouse jump uncontrollably . I switched to a motorola wireless router and works fine .
 This is by far much better than the MS 6000 . It has a light , yet firm feel and the movement is great for games . The clicking is very comfortable , the grip is good and clean-feeling . Overall , the best wireless mouse of the four that I have owned .
 I have owned this mouse for over a year now , I have the green/silver in one of my computers and bought the black/carbon for my new one ... both mouse feel nice in your hand ... silver is smooth polished and elegant and the black gives you a better grip and looks high tech and modern ... resolution change buttons are great , battery life is good ... lasts a whole day and when you are warned that it is low it takes just 2 seconds to replace with the charged one ... buttons are really good , 4 directional wheel scroll is a really nice feature ... my only complaint is that the software it comes with , sometimes wont recognize individual settings for each program , but for me it is one of the less important things related to this product ... my advise ... get it , you wont be disappointed , G7 is worth every cent .
 I love this mouse . The way it glides is perfect and I love the fact it comes with two battery packs and that there is no cover you need a screwdriver and jackhammer to remove . The one complaint I have though is the center -LRB- or scrollwheel -RRB- . What is supposed to happen is when you press this button , it is supposed to activate some function , however it is nearly impossible to actually click . I am an avid fan of The Sims , and now The Sims 2 . I like to rotate the camera , but you can hardly get the scrollwheel to click making the free rotate function nearly impossible to use . Other than that , I have no complaint and am a great fan of logitech . Their G15 is a great product to check out if you are an avid gamer .
 This mouse is marketed for gamers , but I think the hot-swap battery should be a standard in all mice . I simply can not be any happier with the mouse.The onyl con is that the mouse charges through usb so if the computer is n't on the extra battery wo n't charge , but since you can switch batteries it really does n't matter . Besides , having another cord is the last thing I would want .
 I usually hate to go cordless - constantly having to change the battery or having to `` re-synch '' the thing . This mouse is great I have had it for over six months , have n't had to re-synch and the switchable batteries makes life so much easier !
 I 've been a gamer for over 20 years now and have gone through a number of mice over the years . This is my favorite by far . The accuracy is spot on , the cordless convenience is great without needing to sacrifice gaming performance . The time before battery swaps depends on usage - with a heavy day of gaming it 's once a day . With normal home usage its over a week . The black version of the mouse has a better surface feel compared to the first generation .
 i love this thing , awsome awsome . its only down fall is the battery . each battery last alittle over 24 hours on stand by . but it only takes 2 seconds to change the battery . to me this is the best wireless mouse on the market and worth every penny .
 This Logitech G7 Laser Cordless Mouse is everything and more than I had hoped for in a mouse . It is perfect in every way and tracks like a cat . The fact that you get two rechargable batteries is a blessing . You get warned on your PC screen that battery power is low . A few seconds later you have swapped the battery with one from your recarger unit and continue on your way . It 's worth every penny and more .
 Overall
 Product was delivered before the expected time . The G7 is an excellent product and much better than other mice that I have owned .
 Before getting this mouse I had the logitech mx800 wireless mouse . Which was a great product but it 's getting too old and worn out and the battery does n't hold a charge as long as it used to so I found this one.Pro 's
 I ve owned this mouse now for 2 years now , although not perfect in my opinion there is nothing better out there yet . The G7 comes with 2 batteries , after 2 years of playing BF2 every day for a minimun of 2 hours the batteries are not as fresh as before , swapping batteries takes 6 seconds or less , not a problem , I have called LOGITECH to order 2 new battery packs but they wont sell them to you , even though there is a part number right on the battery , they instead tried to sell me a `` refurbished '' G5 for half the price , totally unnaceptable . Another gripe is that when my PS3 is downloading files or demos using my wireless network , the G7 becomes twitchy and jumps all over the screen , so much for '' 2.4 Ghz bullet proof technology '' . Love the tiny USB transmitter , so easy to take with you to LAN parties , with my laptop etc. . Overall an excellent mouse , when the batteries were new they lasted about 6 hours per charge and takes 2 hours max . to charge . Excellent mouse , time for LOGITECH to replace it with the cordless G9 .
 I absolutely love my G7 cordless -LRB- I 've owned it for over 2years -RRB- ! I was reading the other , less generous , reviews and they 're mostly complaining about , `` omg , I have to change the battery every other day , with heavy use !!! '' But I do n't mind replacing the battery one bit , especially because it 's got that `` outta ammo , got ta re-load '' kinda feel on the quick release . As far as general performance goes , I 've never had a problem , it 's Logitech . In my experience , Logitech = Quality .
 This is the first high end mouse I have ever owned . I bought it because I needed a cordless mouse and liked the idea of on the fly resolution change and rechargeable batteries . Holy Hand Grenades BATMAN . This mouse is the bomb . I 'm a convert and am considering starting a G7 cult . Wow wow wow if you play and FPS 's get it . If you ... . get it . If you like the sweet sliky feel of a hot well endowed smooth skilled wild ... Opps wrong review ... . This mouse gets me so excited . LISTEN , just get the damn mouse OK . No I 'm serious GET THE MOUSE ! If you are reading this you have already decided . -LRB- And I do n't know what droids you are talking about -RRB- Only issue I can find is the price . Look about in those special internet places and you can usually find a decent price . -LRB- Amazon won this time -RRB- BTW
 This mouse is the second revision of the Logitech G7 wireless mouse and the changes that Logitech made were well worth it , including a newer textured grip that keeps you from loosing your mouse in an intensive online game , or frantic session with a spreadsheet.I have had six of these mice , including one of the prior release as I mentioned above , so they have gotten some pretty good use in the past almost two years . They are very smooth mice , with no jerking and a very configurable software that allows you to assign just about any button to just about anything . Gaming is surprising good , considering all the talk about how bad wireless mice are in gaming environments . I personally have tested the G7 next to other `` wired '' gaming mice and can say I have not seen any marked difference in game performance.The G7 also has a creative hot swappable battery recharger which includes two batteries , so you are always charging one while the other is being used which means you are never without a battery . I believe Logitech is the only one to offer this . The swapping of batteries is as easy as it could be , with a simple push of a button . In addition the G7 runs off a usb stick that comes plugged into the charging stand -LRB- which is small -RRB- . This usb stick can be taken off the stand and plugged into any usb slot on another computer , desktop or laptop . So you can effectively take the mouse and the usb stick on a trip with your laptop , leaving behind the charging stand - Another creative touch.Of the six units I have owned I have only had one go bad , the left mouse button stopped functioning part of the time . I can say that Logitech support was easy to work with and I had a replacement mouse within about 7-10 days . This is the only time I have ever had to use Logitech 's support and it went smooth.As one last , but not least , feature the G7 includes a couple of buttons on the top of the mouse that let you change the mouse dpi -LRB- called the in-game sensitivy switch -RRB- on the fly . Of course during a game this is excellent , for example you might want a slower cursor if you were playing a sniper , etc. . Along with this setting is a backlit battery life indicator so you can always see how close you are to having to swap out without going into software or anything of that nature . Nice touch.To wrap things up here are a few pro 's and con 's : Pros : - Fast , smooth tracking - Great feel in your hand - Hot swappable batteries , with two included - Excellent tactile side grips that keep you from loosing your mouse - Highly configurable mouse software - In game DPI sensitivy switchCons : - Batteries could last a little longer , mine only last 24 hours of use each -LRB- fortunately you have two -RRB-
 I have the newer carbon fiber style G7 but the mouse is identical minus the pattern.The feet on this thing are incredible . Glides great on most surfaces . stick a pad under it and you ca n't even tell you have a mouse in your hand when you move it . -LRB- recommend skipping the typical mouse pads or the gamming pads . hit hobby lobby up and get a fabric cutting mat , cheaper and can get different sizes all jsut as smooth as anything you can buy in mouse pads -RRB- The variable speed is great . I mostly use the variable speed for Battlefield games -LRB- FPS game -RRB- . Run around with one setting then when you get in a tank turn it up a notch . Can spin the turret just as fast as you can could spin your body . Zoom in and turn it up another notch . Can still spin just as fast as you could before.The other use of the variable speed is to turn it down . Run around with it at high speed and turn it down when you go for the kill shot to improve aim.Battery Life
 I 've wanted a wireless mouse for a long time , I finely got one that is my dream of a mouse that has two batteries 1 in mouse and 1 in charger at all times , and I got it for what I felt was a bargain price through Amazon .
 Logitech mouse fits comfortably in your hand and very easy to use . I would recommend to anyone .
 First , I have been using this mouse for `` gaming '' for over a year . I play intense 1st person shooters , that said , this mouse have Never failed me in the time that I have owned it . I love this mouse for everything I do on my computer , apps or gaming . I like the feel of a cordless mouse , it also came with 2 batteries and a charger . you always have a spare that with a quick flick of a button you can change batteries in a couple of seconds , literally -LRB- also has battery level light on top -RRB- . The feel is just right for me , not 2 heavy or 2 light , movement is great due to the slick `` feet '' , the grip is just right , and you can make adjustments on the `` fly . '' I have put this mouse through `` gaming hell '' and it keeps coming back for more . If I do manage to frag it somehow , I will not hesitate to order another , immediately of course and after an appropriate moment of silence ^ - ^
 This mouse offers exactly what I want in a gaming mouse . Fast response time , no cord to muck up my shots , adjustable sensitivity on the fly , and swappable batteries . I can usually make it through a couple gaming sessions before switching batteries -LRB- about 6 hours of intense use -RRB- , and the warning light gives me enough chance to get somewhere safe before swapping . If you 're a gamer who likes wireless mice , this is * the * mouse to get .
 I use this mouse for screen-based trading , and it works great . The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that it would be nice if the battery lasted a little bit longer . In general , I have to change the battery every day , but at least Logitech was good enough to include 2 batteries so you can use one while charging the other.All in all , a great mouse with excellent capabilities !
 Bought this so that I could get the performance of my G5 without the cord.Performance and response seems identical to the G5 . The batteries last for about 6 hours of Call Of Duty 4 online . Swapping out the batteries is fast.The only complaint is the the setpoint software is a little quirky . If the mouse is not powered on when the system starts then the Setpoint software does n't recognize it . You have to stop and restart the Setpoint software to get the advanced functions to work -LRB- again , only if the mouse was n't powered on when the system was booted , other that that it 's fine -RRB- . Having the the docking station connected will sometimes cause my system to hang at boot -LRB- ASUS Maximus Formula X38 -RRB- . Disabling Legacy USB support in the BIOS solved the boot problem , so not a big deal . Overall I think it 's a great mouse since it performs the same as the G5 and it looses the cord . I would have rated it 5 stars if it was n't for the Setpoint software issues with this mouse .
 Two of my co-workers recommended this mouse to me as I was building a new system for home . At first I was a little skeptical about spending that kind of money on a mouse and I was unsure if I would like the wireless mouse . Not to mention , but I had my doubts about the reliability of the battery system.Having said that , I am now totally won over . This is the best mouse I have ever owned . I 'm not a button nazi , so the two clicks and the mouse wheel are enough for me . When the battery goes out , just simply pop in the one that is charged and you 're off and going again . Simple to setup , very slick to use . I would buy again .
 Well I had the MX 518 before this mouse , and was completely satisfied . Having said that , this mouse blows it out of the water ! The 2000dpi is sooo nice . My only complaints are the texture of the sides of the mouse -LRB- my MX had soft rubber sides , and this has rough plastic sides -RRB- and the battery life -LRB- typically about 7-10 hours on a full charge -RRB- . Now , you are never without a battery if you straight exchange the batteries in the charger , but you are having to change the battery quite often , which can get annoying . Other than that , I would highly recommend this mouse if you are looking for wireless freedom and gaming quality .
 I 've used my G7 for gaming marathons daily during the month that I 've owned it.This is the first wireless mouse I 've ever used that actually performs as well as a wired version . I 've had absolutely no lag or dropouts.The 2000 DPI laser tracks perfectly , and the sensitivity -LRB- dpi -RRB- is adjustable by pressing a -LRB- + -RRB- or -LRB- - -RRB- button in the middle of the mouse . I 'm not used to it so I rarely use it , but it seems like a nice feature to have.The only negative with this mouse is the battery life . When playing an FPS like counterstrike it can drain pretty fast . This problem is easily solved by swapping out the second battery which charges while you 're using the first.In a nutshell , this is the best mouse I 've ever used . Buy it .
 Logitech usually puts out a good quality product , but they 've really outdone themselves here.Construction , feel , and performance are all top notch on the G7.The adjustable sensitivity works perfectly , giving you either normal response , extremely fast movement , or very fine control , which is useful for more than just gaming . Anyone working in an art program , for instance , my find this very beneficial when freehanding.The tilt and scroll wheel feels very comfortable and light to the touch , though the button function of the wheel is a little high on the resistance . Could have been just a bit softer , because I sometimes accidently turn the wheel while trying to click it . Just a minor nitpick , however.The thumb button is excellent , because it is default set to act as the back button on your web browser . If this does n't sound important to you , than you have n't used it . I find myself very upset using the mouse at work that does n't have this feature . It 's so natural and intuitive that you will instantly miss it when it 's gone.The LED display is very handy , showing sensitivity setting and battery life . The batteries are quick to change , and quick to charge , taking about two hours from a powered usb port when you run the charger in boost mode . The charger also contains an additional usb port , so you 're not losing a connection point when you plug it in.The usb stick for the wireless connection is tiny . It 's smaller than the sleekest jump drives I 've ever seen . Most importantly , the connection is very robust . You can use this mouse accurately from six or eight feet away ; a far cry from the last wireless I used , where I had to have the receiver plugged into the right side of my laptop , because it would n't work from the far side.Feel of the mouse in your hand is excellent , but lefties need not apply.The finish is extremely slick , but did n't make my hand sweat as much as I had expected -LRB- a regular problem for me -RRB- . Overall , a well thought-out , high-quality product . Definitely recommended .
 I 've been using this mouse for a couple of months now , and I have to say I 'm really happy with it . The response and feel of it are great.I tend to leave mine on all of the time so I need to change the battery every 2-3 days it seems , but it 's so easy to change and to keep the other battery charging that it 's not a big deal . Having two batteries is a real plus as I would forget to charge my last wireless mouse at times , and I 'd be stuck for 20 minutes waiting for it to charge . Always having a battery fully charged on hand has been great.No complaints , it works perfect for me .
 The installation was very simple on my Windows XP system . But , if you want to use the mouse 's selectable acceleration controls in normal windows programs , you must change the default setting . The software controls are well documented , intuitive and easy to use . The mouse is very smooth and offers a nice range of speed settings . However , for my particular application , I occasionally want for an even lower resolution setting , to allow very fine movement control . This said , this mouse offers the best control of any I have tested.The battery life , which has been mentioned in other reviews , has not presented a problem for me . The battery last for several days of moderate to heavy gaming use , and weeks of normal computer use . Since two Lithium Ion batteries are included , the battery change takes literally seconds , as well as the fact that the program warns you well in advance of the battery 's low power status , this is not an issue for me . All cordless devices require a power source.One thing that is a noteworthy issue is the fact that the battery in the base unit only charges when your computer is powered on , as it draws its power from the USB port . If you always charge your battery with the base in the `` Boost '' mode , it will charge from dead to capacity in several hours . But , if in trickle mode , this is an issue , as charging takes the better part of a day . If you are like me , and do your gaming at night , which is when my batteries tend to die , this is not optimum . I do not like to leave my computer on all of the time just to charge batteries . So , if the batteries die near the end of the day , they do not receive a full charge before my computer is switched off . If you have several days pass where you are only on your computer for an hour or two , this may result in two dead batteries . This is assured when using trickle charge , and possible even using boost charging . I should add that all write that charging in the higher speed setting does not have a negative impact on the battery pack 's charge level or longevity . This is difficult for me to judge . But , it would stand to reason that a trickle charge would be better , overall , for the battery . This problem would be much more serious of you were using the mouse on a laptop , or in another portable application . I 'd suggest that Logitech consider offering an optional powercube , and accessory plug on the base unit , or a simple wall cube/charger conbo , to allow charging without requiring USB power . This is a minor issue however , and being aware of it is usually enough to make allowances sufficient to avoid difficulties.Possible additions would be additional buttons , always useful for gaming.Overall , I 'd rate the Logitech G7 among the best I have tested , as a very high quality product and recommended .
 This is a great mouse . The response rate is amazing at the highest rate for FPSs and wonderful for business applications at the lowest setting . The mouse is very comfortable in my hand and the battery life is about a day , however there are two batteries and I have never had an issue since one is always charging .
 i replaced a microsoft wireless explorer with this and i love it . the battery life is decent and when it goes bad about 8-10hrs you swap out the other one . the ability to hone down on dpi if in a graphics program is sweet . i miss the extra side button for fowards and back . im not sure what the sideways buttons are on the top for .
 To start it off -- I 'm a gamer . My previous mouse was a regular Logitech cord optical mouse . I decided to buy a cordless mouse , and for the heck of it , I bought this one ... The fact that it is cordless relieves the annoying problem I had with my cord getting caught in my desk , restricting my mouse movement . But aside from this , this mouse is freakin awesome . Playing CS and WC3 on this mouse took some getting used to , seeing as how my previous mouse was extremely lighter in weight than the G7 . Also , if you have sweaty hands , the mouse could get a little sticky . The battery life is n't stellar , but you ca n't complain about it on a mouse like this . Another downside
 I usually do not write reviews , however this piece of art deserves one . I got the Logitech G7 as a christmas gift and I have to say this is the best mouse on the market hands down . Right out of the box I installed the software and installed one of the batteries , which has a small charge already , and started charging the other with the usb charge bay . I have a regular mouse pad from walmart and this mouse works flawlessly.I have had absolutely NO LAG from this mouse ever and I play games all the time . The battery charge lasts for about 3 days under solid use , this however is n't a problem due to the nice software that alerts you when your battery is low and then you pop in the charged battery and let the other one charge . The DPI change on the fly is a excellent feature that works flawlessly in games and photoshop applications . Excellent mouse and would recommend to ALL and especially Gamers .
 I got it last night and have loved it since I opened the package ! It worked right out of the box , no installation necessary on both my work -LRB- Windows 2000 -RRB- and home computer -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . It has worked on every surface I have tried too . It even worked on my clear glass coffee table at home -LRB- although it skipped a little bit -RRB- . I bought it for use with Battlefield 2 for the PC and am very happy with the purchase . Its pimp too!The charge on the batteries out of the box lasted about 4 hours but when I put a fully charged one in . I played games with it for 4 more hours and have used it for 3 hours at work and it still shows the battery at 80 % ! Love it !
 A summary of the issues with the G7 : Battery life - people have complained that each battery only lasts a few days before needing to be recharged . I do n't feel this as a big problem , because they give you two battery packs , so you can keep one in the recharger . It only takes a few seconds to swap , but it does add an element of extra hassle . There is little risk of running out of battery life at a crucial moment because there 's a battery gauge.Scroll wheel - Logitech added a left-scroll-click and a right-scroll click to their scroll wheelI . There have been complaints that it is easy to accidentally hit one of those rather than the middle downward click , and I found that to be true . It 's mildly annoying.I also do n't like the scroll wheel itself
 The Logitech G7 cordless laser mouse is quite possibly the best piece of PC hardware ever to grace my desk . I bought the G7 when it came out some time ago , and have used it tirelessly every day.I 've never used a better mouse . The teflon feet allow it to glide , without sticking , and the precision of the laser engine is astounding . The wireless convenience is definitely a plus.Battery life is not a concern for me - switch the packs every other day or so , and when I go to work , I take the mouse and the tiny thumb-drive receiver with me , leaving the charging station at home . Very painless.I also have to mention the primary buttons - they are one piece with the palm rest , and bend when you click , rather than having separate buttons . As a result , clicking is seamless and smooth , allowing for very rapid-fire clicking with a very short key-stroke . Definitely one of the little things that make this mouse the best mouse ever.A side note - the engine features a max resolution of 2000 dpi , something I rarely use . 2000 dpi is way too sensitive for most people , and I only use it when I play DOD and use the machine gun , which lowers your sensitivity -LRB- boosting the DPI counteracts this -RRB- . One downside to the G7 is the 1000mhz poling rate , its one point of inferiority to its Razer Copperhead counterpart . That said , the Copperhead is wired.I have two gripes with the G7 - not enough side buttons -LRB- I 'd have preferred two thumb buttons , rather than one , so I could have back and forward commands for my browser -RRB- , and the mouse is green . GREEN . Both blue or red would have been better to match people 's gaming rigs . Razer offers different colored models - why does n't logitech ? Oh yea - the G7 does n't offer a weight-cartridge system , and is too light for my tastes.I 've tried a lot of mice in my lifetime , and until logitech releases something better , I 'm sticking to my G7 . It 's the only wireless laser mouse , and a fine mouse to boot.If you 're serious about gaming or just serious about the peripherals , look no further for the best mouse on the market .
 I 've had about 4 wireless mice -LRB- MS bluetooth , Bluetake bluetooth , Logitech -RRB- . All previous mice never kept up with me moving the cursor across the screen . Bluetooth was the worst . This G7 keeps up at all speeds . The laser is accurate . The lights on top showing bpi setting and battery charge are really good . I use it mostly for browsing and some less intense games . I 'm sticking with my Logitech MX 518 for Counter Strike because it has two thumb buttons instead of just one on the G7 . I swap the battery about once a day . The battery switch is quick and easy . The grip is comfortable . I 've dropped it twice and it is still going .
 the mouse work and feel perfect , the oly problem is that you change the rechargeable batteries a lot but you have 2 of them -LRB- i swap them every other day -LRB- 6 hrs of none stop game play -RRB- . one more problem , some of the old games wo n't let you customize the botton like splinter cell 1 and 2 but it works on splinter cell 3 . I give it 8.5 out of 10
 My old mouse , a Logitech MX518 , served me faithfully for the past year and half . But the new G7 intrigued me , and I have always relished the idea of a non-lagging , gaming , wireless mouse . Even for regular applications , my mouse cord would frequently get in the way of things . Wireless is just so much more convenient.My biggest hesitation about purchasing the mouse was its battery life as many have mentioned . My parents had an older MX700 , and this would just suck the juice out of AA batteries everyday . So I was wary about this G7 . However , since using the mouse , I find battery life to be pretty good actually . I can get by on about 3-4 days of regular usage -LRB- no games -RRB- on one full charge , and for heavy gaming , I can get by on ~ 12 hours . I especially appreciate the inclusion of an on/off button , so that when I go to sleep/work , I can turn off the mouse . With two batteries , the mouse is good to go.Construction
 I switched over to `` gaming '' mice when I first bought the mx700 . Took me a while to get used to the shape of that , but once I did , I loved that mouse . Finally it died and Logitech replaced it with the MX1000 . Honestly , I liked the 700 better than the 1000 . The 1000 's shape was n't as comfortable to me , the middle button was hard to press , and its laser did n't work on the rough side -LRB- very well -RRB- of my Steelpad 4d . I waited and waited for the G7 . It 's an improvement in almost every way over the mx1000 . The charging base is cool , the detachable receiver is an excellent idea -LRB- although I do n't think there 's any reason to remove it really ... -RRB- and the sensitivity/battery indicators are nicely done . I do n't miss the app switch button or the forward button , as I 've just bound my side scroll tilt to forward/back . The tracking on this mouse was significantly better than the mx1000 . I noticed the second I started using it how much faster and smoother it was . The gaming feet are very smooth , better than the teflon tape I 've used on previous mice.There are a few negatives to this mouse that prevent it from being `` perfect '' -LRB- but dang close -RRB- . First , the battery life of each pack is significantly less than the mx1000 . That 's fine , you get two of them and you save weight.I 'm not sure I like the smooth texture on the entire mouse -- if my hands get clammy it makes everything feel a bit sticky and icky.While the scrollwheel feel has been greatly improved over previous models , the middle click still feels too chunky/firm and imprecise . That has n't been improved much since the mx1000.Lastly , the laser tracking certainly does NOT track on more surface types the previous opticals . It might track better on the surfaces it does work on , but that 's it . It does n't work AT ALL on the rough side of my steelpad 4d -LRB- which is the side I prefer -RRB- , but it works great on the smooth side .
 I do a lot of multi tasking . I 've never had a wireless before , and recently one of my buttons fell off my Microsoft Blue , and I had to get a new mouse , after some reviews of the MX1000 I figured i 'd try the new G7 . The mouse works fine until I have a few programs running at the same time . Photoshop Solidworks Quickbooks , and then the cursor seems to jump around the screen sometimes .
 I bought replacement in June 2008 , because I thought sooner or later my mouse was gon na crap out -LRB- probably had this a couple years before that ? -RRB- , but ... I still have not had to replace it . I love not having to set the mouse in a cradle to recharge battery , simply switch it out for a charged one , awesome . I use it on a daily basis for surfing the net , and I play WOW , a lot of WOW . I usually switch out the battery once a day depending on the useage , more on weekends :D . I have n't had any issues with the mouse not working or being picky . There is no indication that the batteries or the mouse are going to die ...
 Smooth as ice , that 's my description of this Logitech G7 cordless mouse . Designed for gamers , however I use it daily as a active real time market day trader where it really counts , not a game . All day long I switch pointer positions , web or site pages , 2000 times per hour , it out performs by 400 % any ordinary $ 50 priced or big name system manufacture 's product -LRB- ie.MS , Dell , HP , IBM -RRB- . Quick , I mean quick response , percise action . Recommend you replace your everyday unit , spend a few bucks more then commom place and experience a difference in action like a SUV compared to a Formula One or INDY race car . The soft coated finger inserts provide a positive feel grip , control buttons positioned appropriately for a child , female/male medium size 10-12 glove hand print -LRB- cow milker paws might need larger mouse body -RRB- . Batteries recharge in 2hrs on boost -LRB- charger included -RRB- or 10 hrs on normal setting , only weakness is battery charge last for 30 to 36 hours in use or on mode , that 's why you get two batteries , good feature is the on/off button on the mouse bottom . Sturdy construction , appealing to higher quality product owners . Perfered over other 2nd market maker 's products that went to either Goodwill Heaven or gave them away . My other mouse is a similar product line wired unit from the same manufacture , same high level use , responce , quality , durability , satification .
 This review of the Logitech G7 Laser Cordless was born out of necessity ... a need for a new mouse due to me going insane from the last one . My trusty Logitech MX1000 , after about a million left-clicks , started having issues with the left mouse button randomly dropping out while I was in the middle of a drag operation in Windows , and was losing me files and email in the process into who-knows-which folder . It was time for something new before I ended up throwing it against a wall . It had a good run and will receive a proper burial.Since Logitech no longer makes the MX1000 , I had to find a newer mouse , my only real requirements were that it was wireless , laser -LRB- not optical -RRB- based , not insanely expensive , and that it had a rechargeable battery . I ended my search with the Logitech G7 Laser Cordless Mouse.As far as design is concerned , the Logitech G7 is less like the MX1000 and more like the G5 and MX900 series , which are more form-fitting for larger hands . I have long fingers , so it seems to work pretty well for me . It 's black with a sort of pseudo-carbon fiber checkered pattern on the top . There is a battery door underneath with a quick-release eject button -LRB- more on why this is used a lot later -RRB- . The Logitech G7 has a few buttons more than a standard mouse , the scroll wheel , which can rock left or right to click things , and a side button that activates the `` Back '' button in most browsers -LRB- I 'm unsure why there is n't a `` forward '' button next to it like on most of these mice , but I 'm sure a reason exists somewhere ... Logitech ? -RRB- . Additionally , there are two buttons below the scroll wheel marked + and - . These adjust the DPI sensitivity of the mouse . The highest setting is 2000DPI , and a LED that doubles as a battery meter on the mouse shows you when you adjust it by denoting a little running man with a meter next to him . The other settings are 400DPI and 800DPI . I found leaving the mouse on the middle setting -LRB- 800 DPI -RRB- was good enough for me . Not too fast , not too slow . I suppose if I were gaming a lot , I 'd like the higher DPI setting.The mouse also includes a very small USB RF receiver . The battery charger is separate , and takes up another USB port . You can plug the charger in via USB and plug the RF receiver into the on board USB port on the charger if you wish , also . Two batteries are included.On to the battery itself
 I love this mouse . For starters , I play a lot of games from Warcraft to Warhammer to Team Fortress 2 . Very much a `` twitch '' player.This mouse never let me down.It 's extremely durable . I have dropped it on my hardwood floor countless times , and fully expected it to be broken , only to keep going again and again.The battery life is solid . I have owned it for over a year and only now do I consider getting new batteries , they each last about 6-8 hours before I need to swap them out . When you first buy them , they will last days , but over time , as with any rechargable device , they do n't last so long.The mouse is excellent , worth every penny and far surpassed my expectations . Only downside is I wish that the USB cable was a bit longer , to the antenna/charger . Otherwise , very happy .
 after many failed mouses my boyfriend begged me to get him this mouse for christmas . It finally came in the mail and i just had to give it to him now . He 's been using it for a few days now , and i dont know all the technical mumbo jumbo , all i know is that the mouse works on pretty much any surface . We can lay in bed and he can control the volume from on top of the sheets ! If thats not a good mouse , i dont know what is !
 I bought this because it was the cheapest re-chargeable mouse I could find . I use it for work , so gaming was n't a factor , but I see the benefits . It 's bigger than a standard cheapey mouse , which added to the comfort . The item comes with two batteries , so that you can always have one charging while using the other . I will point out that the batteries do not last as long as regular batteries . The mouse is only used weekdays 8 - 5 , and after charging the batteries initially , I got about two work days out of them . I would definitely buy one for home if my other wireless mouse dies -LRB- it was part of a set and is n't used nearly as much -RRB- . What 's great about this is the buttons to change the DPI are on the mouse . You can set it to three levels , which is useful when people who do not normally use a responsive mouse take hold , or when you need more precision for shooting someone in the head . Overall , definitely a great rechargeable mouse even if you 're not gaming with it .
 In term of quality , appearance , feeling and pointing , this is the wisest choice you ever make for having this mouse . Just one thing you need to consider is you have to charge the bettery all the time so you can switch bettery when the one your 're using is dead . -LRB- two betteries are provided with the product -RRB- And sometimes when your 're playing PC game , the bettery dies suddenly -LRB- it has bettery indicator on the mouse , which gives you an idea of how much bettery left -RRB- , and you need to switch super fast to get back into the game . But I 'm cool with it , feels like reload your gun in the game . So overall , this is the best ever you can imagine !!!!
 The Logitech G7 is definitely a wonderful product . I do n't fancy tens of buttons in my mouse , I just wanted the thing to work flawlessly over the air , and so it does.The grip is excellent , takes a while to get used to but no big deal . It 's kinda light even with the battery on and I think it 's a plus . It glides very confortably -LRB- yeah , that Polytetrafluo-whatever gaming feet really works -RRB- even in rough surfaces . My only grip about this mouse is that it works even a few millimeters above the surface , so it 's kinda awkard to reposition the mouse when you reach the border of your mouse pad - far from being a showstopper.Now , everything works as advertised without a hitch . There is no input lag , no missing clicks , no unexpected behavior . The DPI changing button works wonders -LRB- I switch resolutions a lot -RRB- , the extra battery and charging dock are incredible and the reception range is excellent . I used it around 3 meters away from the computer without problems.Finally , if you like the description , buy it , there 'll be no unpleasant surprises - it 's worth every penny .
 Great wireless mouse . Comes with two batteries so you can charge one while using the other . My only gripe is that the battery life is literally just a day . You will be constantly swapping batteries every day .
 This is the best wireless gaming mouse I have used . You can not tell this apart from a wired mouse as far as connectivity is concerned . My only complaint is that you have to swap out the batteries too often . However , since it comes with two you can always have one charged and ready to pop in . It only takes 10 seconds to slide one out of the mouse and snap a new one in .
 This mouse is fantastic . My previous mouse was the Microsoft IntelliMouse Explorer for Bluetooth . I 've always been partial to both Microsoft mice because of their feel and Bluetooth because I 'm a Mac user and with Macs having built-in Bluetooth equates to no external receiver . I was kinda hesitant at first about switching to an RF mouse that required an external receiver on my desk , but the pros far outweigh the cons : - with Bluetooth , after the mouse is inactive for a while , the Bluetooth link is lost , so when you start moving the mouse again , it takes a couple seconds for the Bluetooth pairing to happen . With RF , it 's almost instantaneous . - because the receiver also doubles as the Li-ion battery charger for the 2 batteries that come with the mouse , and the fact that it literally takes less than 5 seconds to swap a dead battery from the mouse with a charged battery from the charger -LRB- great for gaming !!! -RRB- , I do n't care about having the external receiver at all now.Also , not that I use this feature but it is pretty handy , and that is the fact that the USB RF receiver can be unplugged from the charger and taken with you on the go , if you wanted to use the mouse with your laptop.The sensitivity adjustment buttons are handy , but I never use them , I alway leave it on the middle setting . I could see this feature being handy for graphics editors and artists who need very precise mouse control -LRB- little cursor movement with large mouse movement -RRB- . Love the battery status indicator on the mouse.Also , this mouse feels better in my hand than any Microsoft mouse I 've used to date.It 's very nice to not have to buy batteries anymore . : -RRB-
 The product is excellent as stated in all the reviews . The on the fly DPI changing is truly useful and excellent for FPS . However , I like to add the the one review that said the batteries last only a few days before having to change . For me , a hard core gamer that plays hours on end of games , I am constantly changing the batteries , even in middle of games . I am guessing the batteries last around 1 hour of constant use for me now . They use to last a lot longer but after a few months they are not lasting as much . Logitech refuses to exchange the batteries OR EVEN SELL extra ones to you unless they are going dead in 15 minutes or less . 15 minute life on a mouse battery is just too short , they need to offer to either exchange the battery and/or offer to sell you the batteries if you get 1 hour or lower of usage out of them . Even when they were new I still had to change them around 3 times a day .
 This is the best mouse I 've ever had . Wireless is perfect , ergonomics is good , and has lot of features BUT Logitech does n't sell replacement batteries .
 I selected this mouse because of its reputation for zero lag . I just received it 10 minutes ago and the precision and performance is incredible . I 've been a computer buff for 15 years and think of the mouse as an extension of my arm . So , I did not want the slightest bit of lag . When I say lag , I mean any noticeable lag at allll . I can tell you that the G7 does not have any lag . It is a wired mouse without the wire . I have not tested it long enough to comment on the battery . This is the only mouse to have . No reason to spend 30 dollars when you can spend 68 and get a ferrari.Enjoy .
 I went from the MX1000 to this mouse , and I was quite pleased with the choice . The adjustable DPI buttons , and customizable DPI options -LRB- yes , you can customize the DPI -LRB- 50 DPI at a time -RRB- that your mouse runs at , up to 5 settings -RRB- are a must for any gamer . Oh , you can adjust the X and Y axis DPI individually as well . I love having the `` back '' button on the thumb area , but I miss the MX1000 's `` forward '' button being there too.Like the MX1000 , the laser on the G7 tracks over any surface ... even if you were to put it on your head , and you can use it quite a ways away from the base station . The latter does n't matter so much , because why would you really ? But you could ... if you really wanted to.The bottom of the mouse has three non-friction pads . One on the top , one on the bottom , and one under the thumb rest area . The three pads together make up probably 10 times the area of the MX1000 's pads , but it has less friction troubles than the MX1000.Lastly , swapable batteries . Brilliant . I mean , sure you can find corless mice that run on AAs and just use rechargable batteries for that , but these batteries take 2 hours to charge -LRB- when charging on the `` boost '' setting -RRB- and are good for around 6 hours of game play . You try charging AA batteries for just two hours and see how much life you get out of them . Plus , swapping the battery out is as simple as pressing a button , the spring loaded battery `` pop `` s out of the mouse , and you slide the replacement back in . Another HUGE advantage over the MX1000 , and truly a must for any gamer.Over all , if you can fine this mouse on sale like I did , or are willing to fork out the dough for a super nice mouse , I 'd say this is this is a sure bet .
 Have you ever wanted to be free of cords and having a mouse that is free from interferences , yet can still be accurate enough to use in fast paced first person shooter games ? That was what I wanted , but having sat in on many LANs where people had mice interfering with each other turned me straight off . Then of course a mouse goes into sleep mode when you do n't use it right away and has a 1/2 second delay upon waking up . Not the G7 ! This guy is on and moving when you touch your mouse . Accuracy is great and the ability to turn down the precision when flying helicopters or sniping the enemy is great.How long do the batteries last ? They last a good amount of time , but it really does n't matter . This mouse comes with 2 and a charger . The mouse lets you know when it is running low and you can change the battery on the fly . It always makes me feel like throwing a new clip in a pistol when I change batteries , I actually look forward to it.Need a gaming mouse sans cords here it is ! The size is a touch bigger than I like , but I can always use my wired Razer Diamondback if I want . Between the two I am set .
 I have no complaints so far . One of the features I like is the adjustable dpi . The other feature that is useful is the changable batteries . I have been using it in Iraq with no problems for over a month . So if you have the money and want a decient mouse , this is the one .
 bought this mouse for my son in college since he has been doing a lot of work on his laptop . He said it works great and already is noticing there is less pain in his arm now that he is no longer using the embedded laptop mouse . A must for people who mouse a lot .
 When they say battery life is 2 to 3 days , you better believe them . Logitech does give two batteries so you can swap them out . It is a little annoying to have them die so quick especially if you are in a middle of a game.Charging the battery can also be an issue because the charger draws power off USB . If your PC is off , you ca n't charge the battery.Aside from the short battery life between charges , this mouse is excellent .
 First off , I received this mouse from my wonderful sister for Christmas 2005 and ca n't stop raving about it . I have been a Logitech Trackman user for many years and was hesitant going back to a mouse but all that has changed since receiving the G7 . I 'm a gamer and play a lot of first person shooter games such as Doom III , Far Cry , and Battlefield 2 -LRB- Special Forces expansion as well -RRB- . What I have found to be the best feature of this mouse is the ability to switch between the DPI -LRB- Dots Per Inch -RRB- settings , which increases the mouse movement sensitivity . I have been in games where it was crucial to be able to rotate around quickly and my Trackman just was n't cutting it . However , if I changed the in game mouse sensitivity , I would suffer when I needed to be able to slowly move about . Now that is all changed with the G7 by tapping the up or down sensitivity switch . My game stats have vastly improved and I am loving it ! I have had no problems with the supplied batteries and highly recommend the G7 for anyone who is a gamer . I 'm 43 and I need all the help I can get get from the Dorito 's and Code Red competition .
 Everyone keeps complaining about the battery life , I have used mine for Gaming , which of course means it doesnt get to Hibernate like when your doing other things with it , and a single battery does last for 6 hours or more . Not to mention that they give you two batteries and the battery easily lasts long enough for you to charge the other one . I dont see how thats a problem , and the guy said your palm covers the battery indicator ... it also pops up on your task bar that your batteries are getting critically low . And it takes all of 5 seconds to swap the two batteries out . The only complaint i have is about the glossy finish that makes your hands sweat but they have released a newer one with rubber sides which I will be getting when I can find a reputable retailer selling it . Best mouse ive ever owned . The four stars is only because of the paint job .
 I 've owned many logitech mice and other brand mice . Logitech seems to offer the best quality mice consistently over time . With this mouse I thought that it would n't be a big improvement over the MX1000 logitech 's first laser cordless mouse . Well , I was surprised right off the bat . The teflon-like mouse feet make the mouse glide effortlessly across your desk or mousepad . The best new feature for a gamer like me is the new Increase '' + '' and decrease '' - '' buttons for the sensitivity adjustment on the fly . You can do this at any time during windows or games and it will lower or raise the DPI sensitivity . You can customize this also to have more than the default 3 sensitivities to 5 modes when u install the software that comes with it . This mouse is overall much lighter than the MX1000 , which does n't take long to get used to . It also fits your hand great . I just cant stand mice that are too narrow on the sides and not tall enough in the middle to allow you to rest your hand well . Very comfortable mouse with the G7 . The new 2.4 Ghz cordless technology now works with `` No '' lag or delays between the mouse and receiver allowing it to work well for competitive and even pro gamers . This new 2.4 ghz technology also allows you as mentioned above to work around 30 feet or more away from the computer . . You 'd probably never use this though , but u never know . The hot swapable dual batteries are an improvement over the last laser mouse . They charge fast and last a long time . The 2.4 ghz USB receiver comes with a usb stick that looks like a usb memory stick . It plugs into the USB battery charger hub and can be taken out and pluged directly into a usb port on your computer and used like this as well if u didnt need the charger stand . This is if u needed to take your laptop somewhere or your computer for a presentation or games to reduce the amount of desk clutter for that time duration . The USB 2.4 ghz stick is the antenna looking thing in the pictures above thats located ontop of the battery charger . My only complaint about this mouse is that it lacks a couple of buttons from the mx 1000 and thats the webpage forward button and the windows task changing button . The only one I miss is the webpage forward button , but i can deal just fine without it . And for those that do n't think they 'll ever use the sensitivity buttons on top -LRB- '' + '' / '' - '' -RRB- ; you can assign those 2 buttons to something else if u like ! This mouse was a must buy for me . . I love it ! Yes , it 's worth the money .
 This is definitely a great mouse for gaming or just general use . My previous mouse was a Logitech MX-700 , which used two NiMH batteries and a charging cradle , so I 'm comparing the G7 to that.The G7 is noticeably lighter than the MX-700 , but the shape is pretty much identical . The sides are a darker green color -LRB- Amazon seems to have the wrong photo as of April 8th , 2006 -RRB- and they feel like solid , smoother plastic . The MX-700 had semi-rubbery grips on the side . The mouse feet are also very smooth and wide . It works really well on my 6-7 year old Ratpad.The obvious change is that it has less buttons
 Logitech really excelled with the G7
 The Logitech G7 cordless laser mouse is quite possibly the best piece of PC hardware ever to grace my desk . I bought the G7 when it came out some time ago , and have used it tirelessly every day.I 've never used a better mouse . The teflon feet allow it to glide , without sticking , and the precision of the laser engine is astounding . The wireless convenience is definitely a plus.Battery life is not a concern for me - switch the packs every other day or so , and when I go to work , I take the mouse and the tiny thumb-drive receiver with me , leaving the charging station at home . Very painless.I also have to mention the primary buttons - they are one piece with the palm rest , and bend when you click , rather than having separate buttons . As a result , clicking is seamless and smooth , allowing for very rapid-fire clicking with a very short key-stroke . Definitely one of the little things that make this mouse the best mouse ever.A side note - the engine features a max resolution of 2000 dpi , something I rarely use . 2000 dpi is way too sensitive for most people , and I only use it when I play DOD and use the machine gun , which lowers your sensitivity -LRB- boosting the DPI counteracts this -RRB- . One downside to the G7 is the 1000mhz poling rate , its one point of inferiority to its Razer Copperhead counterpart . That said , the Copperhead is wired.I have two gripes with the G7 - not enough side buttons -LRB- I 'd have preferred two thumb buttons , rather than one , so I could have back and forward commands for my browser -RRB- , and the mouse is green . GREEN . Both blue or red would have been better to match people 's gaming rigs . Razer offers different colored models - why does n't logitech ? Oh yea - the G7 does n't offer a weight-cartridge system , and is too light for my tastes.I 've tried a lot of mice in my lifetime , and until logitech releases something better , I 'm sticking to my G7 . It 's the only wireless laser mouse , and a fine mouse to boot.If you 're serious about gaming or just serious about the peripherals , look no further for the best mouse on the market .
 I just bought this mouse and it has been excellent . I love having an extra battery , heck , even rechargeable batteries . The only downside is that there is no forward button for internet browsing .
 This mouse is priceless ! It 's accurate and its movement is flawless with its 3 speed setting , you can find the perfect sensitivity for you . Worries about your battery running out mid fight , no worries there because it comes with 2 batteries and a charger ! Yes that is right , while you are using one battery the other is on standby ready with a full charge for you ! I am glad I bought this it makes gaming and all tasks I do easier .
 I just got it and I love it . I play alot of online gaming and pair it with the Logitech G15 keyboard , WOW its an awesome combo ! I have seen a big improvement in my games.I highly suggest you get this and the keyboard .
 Its an awesome mouse especially love the ability to change resolution on the fly . The only downside was that the spare battery that I got in the box never worked . Just woudnt charge and wont work . Except for the that its a great mouse for gaming .
 I tried many Microsoft mice . All are bulky and heavy . The Logitech is smooth and light , making it easy to pickup while playing games , etc. . No issues with the batteries thus far .
 Excellent deal , the Amazon price was the best , I looked everywhere for quite a while . Very comfortable , great grip , long battery life even in gaming mode , super sleek design .
 I am really enjoying this mouse everyday . I do a lot of audio editing . I tried using Logitech Mx610 but comparing to the G7 I noticed a big difference in performance even though the mx610 is also not bad and not low in price . So far I had no problems with the G7 . It works more than great !!! I would strictly recommend this mouse to anyone who is dealing with serious stuff especially .
 Before I bought this mouse I had a Logitech Mx700 . The Mx700 was still fully functional when I bought the G7 , but I was tired of my mouse dying while I was playing a game.The G7 lets you swap batteries while you are playing.That is a great feature even if you do n't play games . You do n't have to put the mouse back on the charger when you are done using it . Just slap in another battery when you get low .
 works great , good for people with big hands . Havent tried it with very many games . battery packs are a nice addition . it takes only a couple of seconds to switch them and one battery lasts about a day and a half on medium sensitivity and almost 9hours of use.highly recommended .
 I love this mouse . It lets me play my games without the cord and without missing the action of replacing the batteries constantly . It has great responsiveness and awesome software.The only drawback to the mouse is that the charger only charges when the PC is on , due to it being plugged into the USB .
 Love this mouse . extremely accurate , well designed and in my opinion it 's the best in its class by a long shot . Although the batteries need to be swapped once a day , its a small 10 second -LRB- max -RRB- inconvenience when you consider the 2 other options -LRB- software even alerts you before the battery goes dead -RRB- . Those 2 other options are to either buy a corded mouse which gets annoying and limits future mobile options OR get a mouse that needs to be in a charging stand every night at the risk of forgetting and having NO use of it for hours . If and WHEN that happens you 'll WISH you spent a few extra $ 's and got the G7 laser . Also with a permanent chargeable battery , once it no longer holds a charge you 'll have to buy a new mouse instead of just getting new battery packs . Having swappable batteries trades off all those long term negative issues for one minor and mindless 5-10 second swap out ... to me buying this mouse is a no brainer . -LRB- only gave it a 4 stars because it doesnt have a `` forward '' button only a `` back '' button -RRB- PS
 Mouse has a comfortable feel . Design functions are very good . The battery does not hold a very long charge , there is a spare battery but , it takes at least 12 ~ 24 hours to be fully charged and is charged thru USB port . Logitech should offer option charger with ac adapter .
 I bought this mouse as a replacement for my G5 . I 'd still have the G5 , but I have a laptop now and the move to a wireless mouse was necessary . I have to say that I was quite nervous to move on because I loved my G5 . The package arrived 4 days before it was scheduled ... props to USPS . This mouse has blown me away , and I do not regret the switch from the G5 . I play a lot of FPS games and I was worried that wireless would lag , but this mouse does n't lag whatsoever . The carbon fiber adds a nice geek `` flair '' , and the overall style is very clean and nice . The grip is excellent as well , the rubber on the sides is lightly textured to help add grip . The only beef I have with this mouse is that the scroll wheel is a bit loud . But , honestly , that is my only problem and it 's quite minor . Do n't hesitate to buy this mouse !
 This mouse is excellent , the ergonomics are great , it works well at far distances , and is very accurate . I love the aspect of not having to worry about batteries anymore with the wireless mouse , while using one , the other is always charging and is always ready for the extremely quick swap . I purchased this when it had a rebate , but I am really happy I did . Used to have a wired mouse logitech mouse , and I even like this one better , was a little concerned that the accuracy might not be good because it was wireless , but it was n't . And it looks great .
 serious gamer or casual gamer , this will be the last mouse you will ever use . it 's the best .
 I have about 5 mice right now . Two of the Razors , and multiple Logitech versions . While I like the way the G5 feels for most day to day activities the most the G7 is my mouse of choice for FPS games .
 The good
 Wow ! This G7 is really accurate and responsive . It makes using the first generation wireless mouse akin to driving a Beatle compared to one 's Lexus . I do agree with other reviews that the rechargable battery life is REALLY short and so surprising for such a fine product otherwise . I am also surprised that one can not find a G7 on the shelves in the major stores . Do they know something I do n't ?
 I 've had the G7 for about 3 months now and my thoughts are : PROS : - Nice form factor . It fits in the hand really well . There 's a good weight to it so it flows quite smoothly on my corepad - Adjustible DPI on the fly . This is great in FPS games like BF2 when you want to switch really quickly - Interchangable battery system . It 's nice to be able to switch out the battery when you 're low so you 're not stuck recharging your mouse in a dock when you forget to recharge - Cool little battery indicator on the mouse . Lets you view your charge level at a glance.CONS : - BATTERY LIFE !!! OMG , these last maybe 2 days at the best with light use . If you play some BF2 , forget it , you 're changing the batteries every day if not more often . Even my MX1000 would last almost a week even with heavy usage - Only one side button . Come on ... how hard would it have been to put two buttons there like every other mouse?Overall though it 's one of the best cordless mice out there even with the flaws .
 Bottom-Line
 I wo n't go into the pros and cons of the various features . they have already been covered . I just want to say that I 've owned this mouse for about 2.5 years now and I will buy another G7 when this one wears out . The batteries do n't last as long as they used to but I only have to swap them out after about 14 hrs of constant use . If I turn the mouse off when not being used I get more life out of them . I love that it comes with 2 hot swappable battery packs so you always have one charged when the other runs low . I know the batteries will eventually wear out , but after the thousands of recharges I 've put them through , the battery life and charge time are still very good . I really could n't ask for a better mouse , all things considered .
 This is the second G7 mouse we own . Both of my sons are using them all the time with very little problem if any at all . Probably one of the best Logitech mouse ever .
 I bought this wireless mouse a few months ago and the only complaint I 've got is if you have a WiFi in your house DO NOT GET ! Wireless connection interferes with the signal from the mouse.Other than that , it 's most impressive . No lag , and perfect for fps games.The battery life is short , so be sure not to take off to a lan party without both batteries and the charge station.Overall . Well worth the buy .
 So i 've had this mouse for a while now and overall i would rate it a very good mouse . this is probably the first time i 've rated a logitech product below 5/5 though , which is a bit sad . heres whypros : - comfortable-dpi switching on the spot-back button is nice for browsing the net -LRB- once u get used to it of course -RRB- - i was impressed by the software.-battery life and dpi indicator -LRB- nice to know how much battery u got left -RRB- cons : - battery life -LRB- its nothing to write to mother about -RRB- usually lasts 15-20 hours with 10 hour recharge time . i have a microsoft mouse that lasts over 6 months without a charge...-not has heavy duty as i would have liked . with the g5 u can add weight to it i would have liked to see something like that here as well.other thoughts : its a great mouse do n't get me wrong , it just a some limitations that prolly could have been fixed in development .
 This is by far and away my favorite mouse . I have one that I have used for over a year . It is a dream for gaming . The accuracy is nearly as good as any wired mouse - without the hassle of wires ! I love being able to change the resolution on the fly to get the accuracy I need for sniping , and then have the quick reflexes for traveling in games.Get this mouse , you ca n't go wrong . Believe me , you can ignore the clowns saying the mouse does n't work . They should have checked their computers before they posted .
 I have had this mouse for quite a while now -LRB- 3 years at least -RRB- and absolutely love it . This mouse is heavier than most mice I have used , which I really like . The shape is nearly identical to -LRB- if not a carbon copy of -RRB- the MX-518 and absolutely identical to the G5 -LRB- instead of a battery , there is a weight tray in a G5 -RRB- . My G7 has survived countless drops , spills and mishaps that would stop a lesser mouse in its tracks . This thing seems indestructible . Several of my friends also use G7 's and we have never had an issue with interference , even when using them in the same room.Having dual , swappable batteries is positively brilliant . I have been caught a couple times in the middle of a round with a dead battery . Instead of F10 , I can swap the spent pack out and game on in seconds . Over the years , the batteries have degraded , but still hold enough charge for 1.5-2 days of regular use -LRB- started out closer to 4 or 5 -RRB- . Unfortunately , after foolishly leaving one battery in the charger for three months while I was away , one of the batteries called it quits and puffed up . I was expecting $ 15-20 plus shipping on a new battery and was pleasantly surprised that they are only $ 5 , direct from Logitech ! Shipping is a bit steep -LRB- $ 7 -RRB- but you can pick up a couple of them and combine shipping . $ 17 for two new batteries and hopefully several more years out of this amazing mouse , upwards of $ 100 for an exact replacement or ~ $ 50 for something new I may not like ? If you are on the fence , just suck up and buy one . Like my Dad always says , `` For the stuff you use often , buy quality . '' The G7 is definitely quality . -LRB- also , you can get a new one for $ 80 straight from Logitech and cheaper elsewhere I would imagine ... -RRB-
 I like to use them , but It 's price higher , hope to 30 % Off .
 Best wireless gaming mouse out there ! Changing the DPI for speed is the easiest ever with a more convenient place to do it . Pair this up with a 4D steel pad for the perfect combination .
 I have been a big fan of Logitech innovation for years and when I was told they were coming out with a cordless laser with hot swappable batteries I was really looking forward to it.Well , I finally bought one via Amazon and have used it for several months . It is awesome . I used to hate swapping batteries on my old mouse -LRB- diNovo bluetooth -RRB- and the hot swap batteries on this are quick and easy - no batteries doors!The feel/accuracy are up to par as expected , and the one thing I really like which I did not think was going to be a feature I cared about is the sensitivity adjustment buttons on the mouse . I development software and occassionally get time to play games . So when I play games I turn up the sensitivity , when developing I turn it down a level . It 's pretty cool.Recommended !
 The battery concept is ahead of its time . Anyone with a cordless mouse can tell you the recharging is a pain . Especially if you work with your computer for long periods of time . Simple swap and go battery and there is no down time.After two years the batteries are down to 1-2 day swap.Nice mouse speed adjustment right on top . allows you to click adjust the speed of pointer movment.Over all . . best cordless i have ever used .
 Pros
 I am really happy with this mouse . very fast response time . The highest setting is too fast for non gaming scenario . The battery life is ok and changing batteries takes less than 2 seconds .
 I have had the mouse for a number of months now and I have absolutely no regrets about purchasing it . My mouth before this was a Logitech MX700 . This mouse was a great replacement . The G7 is incredibly light and has a very smooth bottom for liquid like gliding . Over the months I have had it I definitely have seen a decrease in battery life , but it matters no . The battery still lasts for about 4-5 hours of constant gaming . Being they give you another battery , it is no problem because it will charge far before the other batter runs out . Swapping batteries takes mere seconds , push , switch , click . The other best feature is DPI on the fly . Changing the mouse sensitivity in-game is a pretty sweet feature , sniping in source games calls for a decrease in sensitivity , and all you need to do is click the mouse button once . I love it .
 I bought this mouse to have a top of the line gaming mouse , and it delivered . The three sensitivity modes are quick and easy to switch through , and battery changing is quick and easy . The dual battery idea is a much better solution than the mx1000 , which required docking and recharging when it ran out of power . Overall , an excellent mouse that will do pretty much anything you need it too , I 'm just not sure it 's worth that much money .
 actually since i purchased the mouse on 13/08/2006 till post this review I had no problem with it at all and it lasts for a week in stand-by mode for one removable battary and three days operational , I have never seen such great mouse I recommend that for all -LRB- worth to buy -RRB- ...
 This mouse is amazing for gaming . It is totally a must have . battery life is nice and you can recharge one battery while you game with the other . The feel is great and the DPI settings are amazing . This mouse is revolutionary
 I do n't use this mouse for gaming like it was advertised . I use it for drafting and 3D modeling programs . I have no complaints about the use and performance of this product . This is the first cordless or laser mouse that I have used and do n't have much to compare it to . The two interchangeable batteries is very useful
 Never been game player much since pong-Purhcased BF2 last December for the PC and loved it . Flying was limited though-util I purchased my G7 from NE and have been enjoying MUCHO fast speeds , easily adjusted , and for internet parusing it has a built in back button . Have to change out battery every two days but gives plenty of warning and is always charged when I need to replace . Absolutely the best mouse I have ever owned .
 after getting a laser mouse , i wo n't be going back to optical any time soon ... this baby works virtually on ANY surface , flat , round , rough , or even glass ... i 'm not much of a computer gamer , so i ca n't really give the feedback on that , but i must say that the extra battery it comes with is a great convenience ... it 's a quick switch compared to those that utilizes AA batteries ... overall , i 've had great experience with the mouse thus far -LRB- bought two because of it -RRB- and it 's a recommended buy from me ...
 Fell in love with this mouse within 10 mins of starting to use it . The clicks and wheel feel very nice . Looks bulky but is not heavy . All buttons are completely configurable and would greatly improve your performance with the mouse . Highly Recommended .
 best mouse i have ever bought . the price is a little steep but it is worth the money if your into computer gaming . i play css and i could feel the difference the second i started playing . i had an old microsoft intellmouse and i loved that thing to death but this blows it out of the water . i am a logitech believer now .
 I 'm a gamer , and I picked what I feel is a great gaming mouse . You will not regreat this purchase .
 i love this mouse , it is almost perfect in every way.the speed control is really nice and the mouse fits the hand well.only problem is the battery wo n't last long but they give you a extra so no worrys .
 The G7 mouse is by far the best one I have ever used . Extremely fast and easy to use . No set up required , just put the disc in and in a minute you are ready to go . I had bought a Microsoft cordless mouse before this one and I had to take it back because it was horrible . Logitech did a great job on this mouse , I would highly recommend it .
 If only they can make the battery life a little bit longer , but I really like this mouse , you spent 30 seconds to replace the battery every day , and in stead you do n't need to bother with lags and wires anymore . I like it .
 Is a great mouse . Just would be nice if it had an extra alarm to warn you when battery is dying . The small red light alarm is covered by your hand.Couple times during a dungeon my mouse died and I didnt notice the red alarm light blinking.Just swap the extra bettery and rdy to go , but I was static for few seconds and close to die.Anyway enjoy it .
 I can not comment on gaming performance of this mouse but for regular PC use there is no mouse that comes even close to this one . Batteries are not a problem , even after 2 years of heavy everyday 's use . I swap them every morning and I 'm good for the day .
 This mouse is very good and you ca n't beat the rechargeable batteries . The range is good and the sensitivity button helps to customize the feel for games .
 -LRB- EDIT
 Excellent mouse , works as advertised everywhere . Very comfortable!Only complaint is , wish the USB base cord was a bit longer : -LRB-
 Granted I was n't using the drivers but when I travelled on business earlier this month I took the mouse with me with two fully charged batteries but did n't think bringing the charger would be needed . The batteries only last about a full day of use , so after the 2nd day I was stuck using the trackpad . Otherwise , I 've had an enjoyable experience with this mouse .
 My main question about this mouse was whether more than one G7 would work in close proximity to another G7 . I could not find this info anywhere on the Logitech website or any product description . But yes it does work , having 2 G7 's in the same room does work and does not interfere with each other . I am currently running 2 G7 's on 2 different puters with the bases about 5 feet apart . I do n't know how many channels it supports but I do plan to get a third and try it out.As far as setting up 2 G7 's in the same room I did not have to do anything special , I just plugged in the 2nd G7 and it was up and running . There is a reconnect utility supplied in the software but I never had to use it , yet .
 I am a pretty avid gamer ... Not to HC but I am a huge fan of a good FPS . I have never really liked a wireless mouse because of the last few I have had they were the cheapo 's and with the AA or AAA batteries in them they were ridiculously heavy . I have played on a friends PC when he had a I believe it was a G5 corded mouse . It was the one you can change the weight of and all that jazz ... I 'm not that into it but the mouses looks looked a lot like the new G7 . The G5 was very comfortable and it did not have many reviews on it at the time.Everyone told me to never get a cordless mouse for gaming because they ran so much slower . But unless you are a cyborg I do n't think you will notice it that much . especially in a higher end one like the G7.This mouse does NOT disappoint . I have had this thing sense 2007 I believe and I am still using it . The smoothness and the comfortability of it is amazing . I love using the mouse sensitivity buttons on the mouse it makes for a quick shift in mid game if you need that extra speed for going from on foot to in a vehicle of some sort ... The side button although I wish there were 2 but one does most the work for me . In most of my FPS 's this is my Knife button and works out well . The only other thing I have used it for is to talk to someone in game ... either way it has great placement . The roll button is smooth and and I find myself overshooting something I am trying to select.As for Batteries they last a while . Just regualar PC use I can get about 2 weeks to a Month out of them ... If I play games all day I will have to replace it . Now this is how they are working now and not when I bought it 4 years ago . So I would say that is pretty good . Plus they are very light weight batteries which mae the mouse very light as well which is a big plus ... very easy movability.I also like the fact of the Battery low light ... gives you plenty of time to replace the battery if you are still destoying people in the middle of a game and ca n't quite change it right then.All and all it is an awesome mouse and I have recommended it to everyone over the years . I have had lots of gamers use my PC to test out games and they have all complemented me on this mouse . It is a must have . Thanks for reading .
 My last mouse was the older sibling of the MX nano . I liked it because it was small , light , and traveled well on my desk while never skipping at all . But the thing that aggravated me the most was the `` fast scrolling '' feature , where the wheel click is ROBBED and replaced with a devil machination that disables my click in lieu of a fast wheel . Man was not intended to not click wheel , and it was a total affront to my sense.In order to have a decent wireless mouse , I had to get the gaming one . But since I also game with my PC , naturally it was a wise purchase . The mouse is LARGE . Dainty hands need not apply , as this mighty pointer of vengeance was meant to be held in the hands of a CHAMPION ! The sides are made of the finest grit material so that not even the oil residue from a Hot Pocket will allow your hand to escape your mouse , your grip forever bound to your weapon of choice -LRB- until you need a bathroom break -RRB- . DPI buttons are located under the ... OK , here 's where it gets 4 stars not 5 . There 's 2 issues I have with the wheel . The first is that it sticks out WAY too much . I assume this is so you can use the next useless feature in logitech 's awesome arsenal
 This is the best mouse . Great value for what you get never hunting for battery s , it comes with two . One is in the charger the other in the mouse . You get a pop up on your screen when you need to change the battery in the mouse for the one in the charger stand , oh by the way the charger stand is very small which is also nice if you desk is full like mine .
 First off the bat let me tell you hat I have owned dozens of mice . I go through them pretty quick because I have big hands and exert alot of forse on my poor Mice . I also play a lot ... a very lot of games and gaming does destroy mice.The G & is excellent . Fits my hand beautifully and after 6 + hours of gaming I see no ill effects.I love the rechargability , NO MORE BATTERIES !!!!! This does leave me with 2 small problems though . I use laptops exclusively and the mouse requires connection to the USB outlet for the 2nd battery to be charged . I would prefer to have the battery wall charged . Secondly , the battery life is running around 6 hours . I know logitech claims much more time but it does not happen . The batteries are tiny , i do n't know why they are not slightly larger so they last longer . This is a tiny problem , though , beside me , who else plays over six hours of gsames.Overall , I love this mouse . It is precise and very comfortable . Meets and exceeds my needs .
 I would 've given this 5 stars , except for the typically crappy software.Despite its claims , this mouse works just fine -LRB- actually , great -RRB- with a Mac . Just use USB Overdrive , and you 're good to go.I actually find the battery life just about perfect . It 's a great reminder to get away from the computer and enjoy life !
 Awesome Mouse , well designed and ultra comfortable to use . Too bad the receiver does n't have a place to plug into the bottom of the mouse for portability . I am a Very satisfied customer with this item so far . Logitech makes reliable products .
 The mouse is easy to install and fits in my palm perfectly . Wireless operation is seamless . I do n't play computer games so the speed settings is an unnecessary function for me . The only advantage for me over a regular wired optical mouse is the wireless function . You do n't need a G7 if you do n't care about mouse speed and you can get a cheaper wireless optical mouse . -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Two downsides of this mouse
 -LRB- disclaimer
 I am a gamer who plays first person shooters for a few hours a couple times a week . I bought this after seeing the price cut to about 68 a few months ago . Here are my impressions : The great : Exquisite sensitivity which can be adjusted on the fly.Wireless works flawlessly , but i wish the USB receiver was a little smaller.I 've boosted my scores on CS : S by a few kills per session , without trying any harder .2 batteries included - definitely needed -LRB- see below -RRB- . only 1 battery would have been a dealbreaker . Easy to swap . Nice shutoff switch.Price is reduced and has been for the past month or more.The less-than-great : The charger
 I 've had alot of mice for my computer corded , wireless , gaming and not gaming . this mouse was intended for gaming so speed and accuracy is what you want . so yea the battery doesnt last long but while you are using the mouse you can charge the extra battery so you just swap them out and keep playing . I 've never had any problems with software or the wireless be unreliable . Would definatly buy another one
 Logitech G7This mouse truly is the mouse for gamers.Its has an adjustable DPI setting of 800/1600/2000 DPI for various uses.The 2000 DPI setting makes alot of difference inside games.The movement of the mouse is very smooth on any surface and its wirelesscapability is definately a plus for its features . The mouse features 6 buttonswhich can be be programmed inside games.The G7 has a carbon fiber lookto it with a LED readout of Battery Power & the DPI setting your on.It also has a recharagable battery pack that uses USB 2.0 . Its comes with 2batteries . Offering you the capability to play with one battery while the otherone is charging.This is the perfect mouse for gamers!I am 100 % satisfied with my purchase from amazon.comIf you get one mouse for your gaming rig make sure its a Logitech G7 .
 Just as the title states , the laser G7 works on any surface - comforter top , surface of hand , etc. . I have n't used it for gaming yet , but I can see how useful the on-the-fly adjustment of mouse sensitivity is going to be , such sniping in an FPS . In addition , the 2 batteries are pretty sweet.The major thing I do n't like about the mouse is that there are fewer buttons than my MX700 . I do n't understand the lack of a Forward button , by the thumb , something that I have grown accustomed to using . Aesthetically , it could look a little less tacky -LRB- looks like something out of Tron -RRB- , but it 's a great mouse.I just wish there were a wireless keyboard designed for use with the mouse ...
 Another great logitech product . The swapable batteries are great . The only down side is the instructions do n't give many details about the mouse itself . The software tells me I have another button but I ca n't find where the button is ... Overall though , the mouse itself works great !
 I love this mouse but the surprising thing is that it has been the same price for the last year . My old wireless mouse had AA batteries and I changed them once every 3 months . I 'm shocked at what pathetic batteries it comes with . I still would recommend it though as it is a great mouse .
 The mouse comes with two batteries . While you use one , the other is charging in the transmitter/charging station.Brilliant product design .
 The styling and feel of the mouse are great but the quick pop-out battery does not last more than a few 8hr days . The mouse comes with a battery charger and a spare battery , but it 's kindof a pain . a cradle would be better - the LX1000 is better
 The logitech G7 is the best wireless mouse I have used and I have used quite a few in the past . I purchased this item -LRB- green & black version -RRB- about two years ago and the mouse kept all the functions of a new one . Battery life is still great at about 1 swap every two or three days with internet browsing , MS office , and casual gaming . Traction and response time is far superior than other mouse I have owned -LRB- comparable to the wired logitech G5 -RRB- On a handful of occasions during the entire course of two years the pointer acted erratically , but a quick reboot using the power bottom on the underside solved the problem.At two years I thought about getting a new mouse but I have n't been able to find one that is convincingly better . Plus , with the condition of this mouse right now , I can easily see myself keeping it for another year or two.for your information , the logitech software that came with this mouse is n't very useful aside from letting you program the bottoms . It conflicts with Windows XP somewhat and drains system resources . Now I just use this mouse with Windows drivers alone . Works like a charm .
 That 's right free mouse pads . You know how Amazon wraps your books in plastic on top of a smallish flat piece of corrugated cardboard when they ship them ? Well I 've been using those pieces of cardboard as mouse pads for half a year now with my G7 mouse . It 's fair to say that this mouse is so precise that you can use almost any dry surface and some wet ones . My wife also has a G7 but she uses a fancy expensive plastic optical mouse pad , and has no complaints . I do beat her at precision gaming 100 % of the time , but it 's arguably not due entirely to the mousing surface . Incidentally it also works great using a card table as a mouse pad , and surprisingly well with very smooth reflective surfaces like glass . You can instantly change the resolution of the laser tracking engine to compensate in these cases.The precision and versatility of this mouse makes it well worth the price . What puts it way over the top is the battery , or rather batteries
 I liked this mouse for gaming so much , that I bought one to use at work . Soon enough , I bought one for my other computer station at work . I like the weight of the batttery pack , and the smooth gliding surfaces work well . Sure , it is a bit pricey , but if you use a mouse as much as I do -LRB- practically all day -RRB- you will enjoy the differences.A luxury item for some perhaps , a workday necessity for me . I especially like the `` change batteries on the fly '' feature , and the fact that two batteries and a USB charger are included . The included software loads easily , -LRB- on Windows XP SP2 -RRB- and runs without crashing . I heartily endorse this product , for gaming , or in the workplace.I warn you , everybody that tries this mouse will want one , because it feels so natural in your hand and just looks sharp . It has just the right amount of `` extra '' buttons so you can make full use of them , and configure them anyway you want , with the included Logitech SetPoint software.Try it for yourself , and you will never go back to another mouse . It is like the difference between a cheap steak knife and an Army issue bayonet .
 I have accidentally dropped my G7 many times on the floor due to tight operating room . It is rugged ! I just pop the battery back in and keep operating .
 I have been using this mouse for 3 years now , and it has been excellent . I just purchased a second set of batteries , and I 'm getting ready to purchase another G7 . So I highly recommend this product .
 This is the second Logitech G7 I 've purchased . And , this time I only looked for this specific mouse . I have used many different types and styles , and have found this one to be the most reliable by far . It fits perfectly in the palm of my hand and is so comfortable . I do n't get hand pain from trying to hold onto a mouse that does n't fit properly . It comes with two batteries so you never have to wait . One battery is always being charged in the charger -LRB- also included -RRB- while you are using the other . The lights on the top of the mouse show at a glance how much battery time you have left . The batteries pop in and out in a matter of seconds . I use this one at work where I am always on my computer . I used the first one at work also and it lasted about two years before I literally wore the left button out from constant clicking . When my mouse at home -LRB- which is a different style Logitech -RRB- finally kicks the bucket , I plan on replacing it with this style .
 Hello.I got this mouse andI have really liked thecontrols it has especiallythe `` back button '' . I definitely liked the purchaseand the shipping was good also.Thank you
 I am happy I chose the G7 as an upgrade to a gaming mouse . It is very responsive and it feels comfortable to use for a few hours at a time while gaming .
 I have been using logitech mouse for about 8 years . After MX518 I changed my mouse to G5 then G7 . its a really good mouse . I 'm a really professional computer gamer and this mouse is really good . Its pretty smooth and it doesnt even have any lag . The mouse is so comfortable when you are holding it . It has a pretty good shape .
 I replaced a gaming MX518 for this G7 . The g7 is a bit heaver and has a hair less fit on the backside of my palm . repose time for a wireless is amazing . install was less then 3 min . side rubber or grip on the mouse is not as comfortable as the mx518 but i think this new stuff is to prevent ware and tear like my 518 did . all in all i like the mouse its great just not worth 68 dollars to me . I if i had the chance again I would spend 44 dollars on the mx518 again it was a tank of a mouse with a bit nicer fit on the hands .
 For some reason , Logitech does not provide support for this mouse with their Logitech Control Center Settings panel . They are very clear about this in their advertising , but it is still kind of inexplicable.Used one of these very comfortable mice for years on a PC , so when I recently bought a Mac Pro , I wanted to keep the G7 . Third party drivers for mice are out there ... a simple and effective one is SteerMouse < http://plentycom.jp/en/steermouse/ > which works fine on Mac OS X.BTW , regarding the negative battery comments of some reviewers
 At first , I thought the settings for the G7 laser mouse did n't make much difference . Then after a month , I switched back to the mouse that came with my computer , and it felt difficult to use ! The G7 makes it much easier to move the pointer on the screen so that you do n't need to use a lot of arm or wrist motion . For people who edit papers or do a lot of research on the web , this is important.I normally map the thumb button for double-clicking . I also like setting the scroll wheel so that if I tilt it left , my web browser goes to the previous page while tilting to the right goes to the next web page . This speeds up my web surfing.For long computing sessions , the battery tends to die on you , but luckily you get 2 of them . I always have 1 battery in the included USB charger , and I hook the USB charger into a Belkin surge protector that has USB ports . That way I can charge the battery from a wall outlet without using a computer.Since the mouse is cordless , you have more freedom of movement . You may not want to switch back to a corded mouse after you use the G7 .
 This is the best mouse I ever owned . The grip and feel is comfortable enough for long uses plus rechargable battaries !
 Let me start off by saying that the G7 laser cordless mouse by Logitech is the most comfortable , feature packed mouse I have ever owned . Software installation was a breeze . The battery life of a fully charged battery pack is absolutely amazing ! Although , there will come a time when you will get a little pop up on your screen alerting you to the fact that your battery is approaching your preset power minimum level and you will need to recharge it with the included USB charger . But , have no fear because Logitech in their infinite wisdom provided you with a second battery pack to make sure that your mouse will never be without power . The range of the wireless transmitter is excellent as well . The mouse is very comfortable and has exceptional functionality and features . As soon as you open your G7 you will be reassured that you made a very wise choice in purchasing this pointing device . In my humble opinion there is no better mouse on the market today ! `` G7 There Is No Substitute ''
 I never have to worry about batteries . There is alway one charging to put in when one is low . It gives a warning which makes it easy .
 The second set of batteries is a great idea . The batteries take no time at all to change . The spare set is always ready by the time the set in the mouse indicates it is low . After many months of heavy gaming the switches have become intermittent on my first one and I have ordered a new one as a replacement . That is a pretty good indication of how much I like this mouse .
 If you think that a mouse does n't make a lot of difference in your PC experience , you obviously are n't using this mouse .
 Pro 's - Fast ! Defenitly Gaming Grade , and I do alot of gaming ... everything from TES
 I 've been using cordless mice since Microsoft introduced their first one , and I 've always been annoyed by the slight lag . No more ! This mouse is as lag free as a corded mouse , has excellent tracking on every surface I 've tried , and the removable rechargeable batteries are very useful . The on/off switch on the bottom is also a very nice addition , so I can toss it in my backpack with my laptop without worrying about killing the battery.The only down side is that the batteries do n't last more than a couple days , even with fairly light use . I could get several weeks out of two AA 's with my MS mice . The batteries on the G7 being recharageable , though , far outweighs the more frequent replacement .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 16 year old grandson because it was on his wish list for Christmas . This along with the Logitech G15 Gaming Keyboard just about completed the computer he built for himself . These gifts truly brought a smile to his face and made his eyes sparkle like I have n't seen since he was five years old .
 I 've been using the G7 for a few months , mostly for gaming , and I 'm very pleased with the performance.PROS
 I recently came from using the G5 , which is the wired version , more or less the same mouse otherwise . I was apprehensive about the wireless , as I wanted the best performance -LRB- mainly reports per second -RRB- . This mouse performs just as well as the G5.I have heard complaints about the batteries . I do n't find the complaint to have much merit - I have had my mouse on for 3-4 days now on the same battery , never turned off , and I have 2 bars remaining . Perhaps other users did not properly charge the new batteries for 8-12 hours initially?The weighting system on the G5 was ingenious , but you wo n't find it on the G7 , since the battery tooks its place . Its still nice and solid though . So either way , I could n't be happier .
 I came here to review something else but I should just offer my opinion of this mouse . It is a gamers dream . Lightweight , wireless and customizable . It is a very impressive design and a step up from the MX1000 .
 Of all the computer peripherals I 've owned , none has ever been closer to my heart than the Logitech G7 gaming mouse . From gaming to ordinary daily tasks , this mouse was simply perfect . I purchased it around about 2006 or so . I finally had to replace it in 2010 when it began exhibiting erratic double-clicking when it received a single-click . Mind you this was after 4 years and many , many hours of heavy gaming , angry pounding , accidental drops and just general mouse torment.The battery life is a tad short depending upon what you do , but , voila
 Going strong for five years now ! ... No problems!This mouse has taken abuse from many nights wasted glued to battlefield 2 !!
 This is the best mouse I 've ever owned . Hands down the best mouse for wireless gaming .
 So I got spoiled by my step-father 's computer mouse which was a Logitech mouse while on holiday last year , so I set out to find one similar that I liked . I 've never had a cordless mouse before , though my father has one which I discovered ate through normal batteries at an astonishing rate . He went through so many AA batteries with it in fact , I got him rechargable AA batteries for his last birthday.I 'd thought of getting one like his until the trip to visit my mother and step-father , and once I got on my step-father 's computer , I realized exactly what a cheap mouse my father had purchased.So , upon my arrival home , I started looking out for the same model as my step-father had , but found it slightly too pricey for my taste . Then I found this model , and decided the lesser price was good for a cordless . I ordered it almost immediately.The installation was a breeze with no extra software needed , just like a normal mouse . True , I had to sacrifice one of my USB ports to do so , but its a small price to pay for the freedom this mouse offers ! No longer does my mouse cord get tangled up with other wires and frustrate me ! All I have to worry about now is making sure my kids do not remove it from my desk!I love the sensitivity settings , and the fact it slides easily along the surface of my desk . I love the positioning of the back button , and use it often . The mouse wheel is the perfect height for using my finger to scroll through long pages . Its comfortable to use , though it could stand to be a little bit wider as I 've got large hands.The singular problem with this is the fact that my daughter is a lefty , so she can not use this mouse as easily as the rest of us can , so I hook up the old mouse for her to use if she wants me to . Other than that , I 've nothing but praise for this mouse design with its long lived , rechargeable batteries , power saving features , and off button . Best part is , the batteries are so easy to change that , if I 'm not around , my eight year old son can do it so he can play his own games . And after using it for nearly two weeks now , I can honestly say I do not regret the extra cost for this wireless mouse !
 When I needed to buy a new cordless mouse for my notebook after my Microsoft mouse bit the dust after 3 months I was in the market for a mouse that would stand the test of time.I carefully researched different cordless mice and finally decided on the Logitech G7 Mouse and I am so glad I bought it!Nearly two years after buying my precious mouse , I am still pleased at its performance . Since I game online heavily , I am happy with the tracking of the G7 's laser and the quick response time -LRB- I have not had any issues with the mouse `` lagging '' after going into sleep mode . -RRB- Since I game for several hours at a time , the ergonomic shape leaves me with happy hands , no crampy fingers like with my old mice.You also can program nearly all of the buttons on the mouse for specific applications , IF you use the provided Logitech software ... I love the fact I can turn off the mouse when I 'm not using it to conserve battery life AND I can turn the mouse sensitivity up -LRB- to near insane-fast speeds -RRB- and down -LRB- to `` normal '' mouse use for everyday applications -RRB- . The battery indicator is a great way to judge how long I have until the battery needs changing . In fact , after two years , the battery is the only * tiny * complaint about this mouse . When I bought the mouse , I could heavily use the mouse -LRB- online gaming , again -RRB- for two days before changing the battery pack -LRB- LOVE the fact Logitech includes two batteries and a charging dock for the pack -RRB- . However , now I can play or work for only 4-5 hours before I need to change the battery from full-life to nearly dead . Luckily , changing the battery is extremely fast and easy , so I can change the battery even while in the middle of online battles and suffer only a few seconds down-time . And again , after nearly two years of heavy use , this mouse looks nearly brand-new -LRB- aside from a minor scratch on the mirror-like finish due to an unfortunate drop . -RRB- I heartily recommend this mouse for gamers and for people who want a comfortable , cordless mouse with excellent DPI and lightning-fast response times !
 Great precision . Great transmission range . Great transmission continuity ... until now.I had this mouse for about one year . Then the batteries started to run out about once a day . I use it as my work mouse . So , it 's used for about 6-8 hours a day . So , pretty good performance really . When I first bought it the batteries would last about 4-5 days.But , then the mouse just stopped transmitting for about 10 seconds every few minutes . Annoying to say the least . I tried moving the receiver 5 inches from the mouse . No good . I had to retire it.It 's pretty expensive to replace every year . But , I think I might just because it works so much better than any other wireless mouse .
 I absolutely love this mouse . It took me forever to track one down and I finally found them on Amazon.Pro
 I am not a hardcore gamer anymore , and spend less than an hour a week on FPS . However I 've been using computers for twenty years and have gotten sick of poor quality mice that `` stick '' when trying to move them across the screen . I 've really enjoyed the improvements with optical and wireless mice , so I figured I would give this newest product a try.The first thing I noticed was that the `` laser '' technology makes a big difference . I thought maybe it was a gimmick , but the cursor glides effortlessly across my screen . It goes exactly where I want it to and I have never once had a problem with it . The PTFE pads glide very smoothly across my mouse pad -LRB- although I do have a high quality gaming mouse pad -RRB- , yet they do attract some dirt and need to be wiped off once a week or so . Still , the bottom of the mouse is a very smooth surface . The mouse has three different speed settings , depending on how fast or slow you want the cursor to move -LRB- you can adjust this setting in Windows Control Panel as well , but it is much more efficient to do on the mouse -RRB- . I did not install any of the software that came with it , and it works fine without it.The biggest thing I like about this mouse is the way it handles the battery . Previous models contained a built-in battery and charging station . This was a huge pain . When the battery died , you would have to stick the mouse on the charger for 30 minutes before you could use it . Logitech realized this was a big inconvenience , so this model has two battery packs . You can charge one while the other is being used , then switch them out when needed . A typical battery will last around 3 hours of heavy game use or 3-4 days of regular Internet browsing . The charger also contains a detachable USB receiver so you can grab it in a hurry and easily use it on another computer without having to disconnect the charger from the wall . I find this very convenient , especially for people who have a laptop and want to use it.The only flaw I found with the G7 is that it could have used one more programmable button . It 's a little short on buttons when it comes to gaming and a right hand side button would be nice.Even though I do n't use my mouse for gaming much anymore , I find it is worth the money to have a nice quality mouse at my desk even for casual computer use . Newer Logitech gaming models , like theLogitech G9 Laser Mouse , seem to improve on the G7 , however if you 're looking for a cheaper way to get a good mouse , or just want a quality mouse for your computer , the G7 is definitely a good choice .
 Best mouse out right now on the market ... my skill went up on Counter-Strike Source 10-fold ... i love this mouse !!!
 this mouse is awsome . its the first wireless mouse ive ever bought , its nice not being restricted by a cord . the battery only lasts about 3 or days but you get two batteries and they 're easy to swap in and out . you can set the mouse to be extremely sensitive , overall a great mouse ...
 This mouse is SO comfortable ! The ability to change the dpi settings on the fly is great . I use it in the middle of games of CS and just on the desktop . The hot-swap batteries run out quick , but since there are two , this is n't a problem at all . There is no reboot time , as soon as the batteries are switched , the mouse works fine . It works great on any surface -LRB- unlike the cruddy optical mouse this replaced -RRB- and looks cool . Buy this mouse , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Liked my first one so well , I bought another one for my wife 's computer . I have no problems with the batteries . By the time one runs down the other one is already Ready to change it.I seen some reviews complaining about how long it takes battery to recharge . But , I have had no problem with it . It charges using a USB port , and you should use a port directly on the computer . Some USB routers do not supply extra power of an AC adapter . That could cause a problem , but I do not know for certain .
 I really liked this mouse . It cleaned up my desk a lot and looks great . I love the ability to swap batteries on the go . The only drawback is that I miss my forward button on the left side . But I can live without it . Overall its a great mouse and feels great to hold .
 Works great ! Have to change the battery every day , but that 's the price you pay for cordless gaming . Fortunately it 's very easy .
 Great gaming mouse . After using this for a while , I ca n't go back to a standard scroll mouse .
 If you are looking for a great wireless mouse for your PC or-MAC - , this is your mouse !! After much pondering and looking at the millions of mice available I decided on this and I am NOT at all disapointed . I own a MacBook Pro and I did n't even need to install usb overdrive , just plugged and played , and played . The batteries , which so many complain about are a snap to charge and use , and unless you are sitting in front of your computer for hours on end gaming they are great and convienient , ... Oh it dies ... just pop in the fresh battery . If you are sitting in front of your computer for hours gaming then get a wired mouse ! As for performance it is extremely precise and comfortable , and looks ... This is one HOT LOOKING MOUSE !! It really is a no brainer .
 This is THE gaming mouse to own . Its got everything every gamer needs , including NO CORD !!! Comes with two batteries so you can switch in-game if one starts dying
 The mouse is very precise which is good for when you are playing games . Not have cords is very convenients . I found with previous mouses that the cord would get caught on my desk as it stretched from the tower . The mouse comes with two batteries and a receiver . This is convenient because while the one battery is charging the other is in the optical mouse . The battery lasts 1-2 days depending on how much you are using your computer . The mouse turns off if you do n't move it for awhile to save power .
 5 Stars awesome mouse love it battery life is great gaming and great accurate moves no lag or skips this mouse is the IT for gamers . So if you want a good quality mouse Hit it up you will never go to another product Logitec did it again .
 All I can say is wow . This mouse is amazing . The sensitivity levels are awesome , and it is really responsive . All of the features are outlined above , so I wo n't get into that , but here are some highlights .5 programmable sensitivity levels . You can set the sensitivity levels using the software , then you use the + and - buttons below the scroll wheel to switch between the sensitivities ... on the fly . No menus , no getting out of a game , no option settings . The software also allows for your custom settings to override game settings , so you never have to adjust the sensitivity again.Even though it is wireless , it is super responsive . No detectable lag at all.Hot swapping battery packs have saved me more than once . You never look at the mouse to check charge in game , so the mouse will just all of a sudden die . Well , if it does , you swap out the battery packs and your set to go . All in less than 10 seconds -LRB- faster if you can do it , that 's a time based on leisurely changing the pack -RRB- . And plus , both packs and the charger are included!My only gripe is the placement of the back button . Until you get used to it , you will probably hit the back button a few times . Once you are used to it you will rarely hit it . Also , there is no forward button . What 's up with that?An excellent mouse . I recommend this along with the G15 gaming keyboard -LRB- I reviewed that as well -RRB- .
 The absolute best cordless out there . Battery life that lasts for days -LRB- not hours -RRB- along with a spare battery that is always charged thanks to the supplied usb adaptor . Feel is phenominal and tracking is the most sensitive -LRB- and ajdustable -RRB- .
 Best mouse I have ever used . The feel is nice and the method of recharging the flat battery is really clever , so you are never left without a charged battery for the mouse . One battery is always charging in the receiving unit ... so when your mouse battery runs out you have a fully charged one ready to go.The G15 keyboard is awesome also ... the lights on the keys are really helpful and the display at the top of the keyboard is useful .
 I 'm consistently on the top of the list for kills in counter-strike source , the quick buttons for mouse sensitivity make it so much easier to switch to lower levels for regular computing needs , and high levels for gaming capabilities . I highly recommend this mouse to anyone who plays first person shooters .
 bets mouse with fsat behavior . the only thing i wish it had was forward button . this is agaming mouse i understand , but to make it fit other users , such as for regular use with pc , they should have put in the other button . with that said . this mouse is the fastest and most accurate mouse i have used so far . -LRB- i have so many mice that i think i needa cat , lol -RRB- . need to give 4.5 to logitech , other than my input as said . price was good and shipping excellent . thankyou to amazon , and logithech . -LRB- changing the batterys it comes with is so easy and fast -RRB-
 This mouse is superb , everything about it I love . Great quality for the price .
 This mouse is just a great little mouse . Very clean feel , accurate , and a welcome upgrade from my previous Microsoft wired optical mouse.Only problems are the short battery life -LRB- only 2 days ? -RRB- and the lack of being able to use the left/right middle button switch in multiplayer games . -LRB- it does n't register as mouse4 or whatever -RRB-
 Logitech made a great product here . With the second battery being charges while you are using the other was a smart thing . It is very confortable to your hand and the Setpoint software is great .
 This is amazing ! Not only did i get a beautifull carbon fibre one but it also comes with 2 sets of LI batteries and a usb quick charger so Im never down.I am no a gamer but this is still great for everyday use if you spend a lot of time on the net . fully adj sensitivity and programible buttons are awsome.Well worth the money , but even better when its on sale !! dont hessitate , i have yet to see one better than this .
 This mouse is amazing . Most complaints with wireless mice are about the batteries , or about lag , but with the G7 , neither is a problem . The hot-swappable batteries take less than 5 seconds to switch , there is no lag , the on-the-fly DPI switch is very useful for gaming and the tilt wheel is great for internet browsing . I ca n't stand corded mice so this is a perfect mouse for me . I love the Logitech comfort grip and my only complaint is the non-rubberized grip which has been added in newer versions . It gets dirty but the dirt is easily wiped off . The G7 is a great mouse for gamers , but a little expensive for anyone not interested in gaming .
 I like the mouse except for two things . the backspace button on the left side in placed too high , and the batteries need to be spapped out more often than I would like . God product though .
 Good grip , lightweight . I can sit on the couch 15ft away with no line of sight to the unit and it still works good . Great for gaming . Having a battery always charged is nice .
 This is the single best mouse that I have ever used . The battery life is about a day , which is a very good life span for a rechargable mouse , and when it dies , i simply swap it out for the other one . I have used many other mice , and this one is the most comftorble to hold , and is nearly frictionless . The wireless range is great . I can be sitting on my bed and controlling my computer about ten feet away , which is great for watching movies . I would reccommend this mouse to any computer user , not just gamers .
 I 've been using this mouse for several weeks . It 's such a delight to sit down to this comfortable , stylish mouse . Not only does it look good , it works great . I have to change the battery every day or so . It would be nice if that were n't the case . However , there were two in the box and it 's not a big deal to swap them . I even got it done in the middle of a game without getting killed -LRB- and I was being attacked -RRB- . Great Mouse , I would buy it again in a heartbeat . Logitech always does it right .
 My son pointed me to this particular mouse and I am very appreciative . It is everything I expected and more .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas , and he LOVES it . He uses it everyday and loves the two battery feature . He does n't have to worry that the battery will die and not be able to use the mouse . Plus , we do n't have to waste any more double AA 's on a mouse anymore . Worth the money .
 This is my second Logitech G7 and its clearly the BEST mouse Ive ever used . I recently built a new high end gaming pc and after using one on my old pc I wouldnt recommend ANY other mouse ! If you 're not a gamer , this mouse is still great to use . Totally configurable button assignments , superfast response time , no need for mouse pads , and no annoying cable . What more could you ask for in a mouse ?
 I 've had the G7 mouse for about 2 and a half years now , and so I thought I would do it much needed justice for the meritorious wireless laser mouse.This mouse is labeled I believe as a perfect all around for the gamer and computer drifter and being that I fall into either category I can say that it works perfectly and flawlessly for both areas . The precision of the actual laser is outstanding , and being that a frag -LRB- gamer 's term -RRB- is made with actual precise movement versus the ever spotty and laggy wire mouse . I have no experienced any lag outside of my dirty mousepad with which is sometimes interferes with the beam , other than that it works very precise and streamlined.It comes with 2 batteries , one for use in the mouse and the other to charge while the other is in use . This is ingenious if you ask me , because I HAVE NEVER been delayed because of a dead battery . It has 3 little lights on the side that lets you know ever so often what the status of the battery is at any given moment , flashing red when it is almost done.The construction is beautiful , want to know why ? The mouse is made out of hard glassy plastic versus cheap , rough plastic that wears . And you want to know something ? I 've had this mouse for 2 and half years and it still looks brand new without use , and trust me , I have at times gamed on this thing for hours on end . It 's actually pretty remarkable how pleasingly aesthetic it looks after all this time . Of course I can say this is the best mouse I 've ever owned , and I still have it , and plan to keep having it , so you know where I stand in that respect.Pros :1 . Very Very durable mouse that looks the same after years and years of use .2 . Non laggy and very SUCCINCT movement .3 . 2 Batteries so thou shalt not surf and game without charge .4 . Sleak and sturdy construction .5 . No WIRENo consI love this mouse and it is one of the few that can be used for anything related to computing and last you for a long and I mean LONG time .
 i like the fact that it comes with two rechargeable batteries -LRB- great for extending the life of the batteries itself -RRB- . the mouse sensitivity levels are great to use while gaming -LRB- which is what this mouse was made for -RRB- . i have had no problems with the whole wireless thing since gaming peripherals are usually wired . your hand never gets sick of holding it and it is smooth on any surface . just bear in mind that you use a surface that will not wear out the sliding edges on the bottom , because if they wear out sooner than expected you will not enjoy the mouse any more . all in all a good purchase and highly recommended for those that game , otherwise there 's no reason to get it . take it from a microsoft mouse user who recently switched over to logitech , i do n't regret it one bit !
 The extra battery that is always charged makes this mouse incredible . You see the indicator go red and you swap the charged batterry from the reciever to replace the one in use . By the time it goes dead , the one you sent back to the receiver is ready to go!Great reaction time and a great mouse , the spare battery makes it priceless .
 Connection speed and response are excellent . Battery Life is great . Charging it once per week with a 2nd battery at full strength . BUT the charging dock is truly charging-only . The wireless transmission depends solely on the little USB receiver . If you 're clumsy like me , you will want to keep the USB receiver on the charging dock at all times . I nearly lost it twice myself since there 's no good ways to store it . Hope this helps ! : -RRB-
 I purchased this mouse after my longtime Microsoft mouse decided to start double-clicking everything . While the Logitech G7 Laser Cordless Mouse has its shortcomings , the advantages of its multiple batteries , accurate pointing , and overall ergonomics make it a worthwhile purchase.PROS - ergonomic , comfortable design - fast , accurate pointing . The difference is noticeable between a standard laser mouse and this one . You get much smoother pointer action that is especially useful when you are moving around on a large screen -LRB- multiple monitors , in my case -RRB- - 2 batteries . Buy the G7 for this feature alone . It is so easy to switch the batteries on this mouse when they get low . About 10 seconds is all I need . One battery keeps the mouse charged for a few days of heavy use . I never have to worry about buying alkalines or another battery again ! - the wireless connection is reliable and consistent . I 've never had it drop out on me . But my mouse is about 3 feet from the receiver , so that may not be the best test.CONS - # and position of buttons . My old mouse had a `` Forward '' button on the right side of the mouse . This one only has a `` Back '' button on the left side - the side-to-side button feature of the mouse wheel does n't work as well as it should . Its also hard to `` click '' the mouse wheel without triggering the side-to-side movement . -LRB- You have to kind of `` pull '' the mouse wheel toward you -RRB- - Sometimes when I start my computer up , the mouse pointer speed is very slow . I have to start up the Logitech SetPoint program to get it back to the right speed.Overall , I think this is a great mouse . Some may be turned off by its idiosyncrasies , but after a couple of weeks of using it , I can give this mouse my full recommendation .
 First off , let me just say that I had the G7 's predecessor , the MX1000 at one time . I hated it ! The thing had tons of lag and felt awful in games . I ended up taking it back after a couple of weeks . That 's when I switched to the MX518 which I had until this G7 . I was fully expecting to not like the G7 either and almost did n't buy it because of my experience with the MX1000 , but so far after a few weeks I would n't go back to the MX518 for anything . The G7 feels like a cordless MX518 to me , and I 'm very picky about lag or sleep issues with cordless mice . I do have the mouse right next to the receiver though , and this might make a difference . The thing I was most worried about was since the G7 uses 2.4 ghz and so does my wireless router , I thought I 'd have interference . So far I 've had none . I can also say that because of the G7 's large `` feet '' , it glides across my mouse pad easier than the old MX518.There are three things that were better about the MX1000 though . 1 is it had a forward button on the side of the mouse . The G7 does n't have this and leaving it off was a mistake . 2 , the G7 's battery life is n't as good as the MX1000 's . It does come with 2 batteries though and they can be changed very quickly so this does n't bother me . 3 , the name . MX1000 sounds better to me than G7 :p . It 's only for the first two reasons that I gave this mouse 4 stars . If they 'd fix those this would be THE perfect mouse.All in all though I highly recommend the G7 . As long as you do n't have to have a forward button on the side of the mouse -LRB- the wheel can be programmed to take over this function -RRB- and you do n't mind changing the batteries every couple of days , you 'll love this mouse .
 I got this mouse to replace my almost 3 year old Microsoft Wireless Optical . The difference between the two mice was very noticable in smoothness , accuracy , and battery life.The Logitech G7 Laser Wireless is extremely accurate , sensitive , and smooth . It 's also very sleek and comfortable . The DPI setting switches easily but takes a little practice to get used to , as the buttons are very small . The batteries are easy to switch in and out which is a great feature of this mouse . I also liked the battery-level indicator letting me know how much juice is left in the battery.The main complaints I have with this mouse are the battery life -LRB- which is not that big of a deal -RRB- as well as the charging station . All of the sensitivity and accuracy comes at a cost . Battery life is very short . They -LRB- Logitech -RRB- claim the battery lasts for 2 and a half days of `` normal gaming , '' but my mouse does n't last even half that long even when I 'm not gaming . I 'd say it 's more like 4-5 hours of continuous usage at best , depending on what level of DPI you have it set on -LRB- I usually leave it on the Default setting of 800 DPI -RRB- . If you want to use this mouse a lot , be prepared to keep the 2nd Li-Ion battery pack charged at all times ... It would 've been better if the charging station could also be plugged into a wall outlet/socket . But instead , you 're only option is to plug it into a USB port to charge the battery pack . This means that your PC must be on to charge , as it ca n't be on Standby or Hibernate . The charging station comes with a `` Boost '' mode and `` Normal '' mode . In my opinion , they should n't have even made a `` Normal '' mode because it 'll take up to 10 , that 's right , 10 hours of continuous charging in `` Normal '' mode , while `` Boost '' mode takes about 2 hours to fully recharge the Li-Ion battery packs.I do have other small complaints . After a long period of usage , your hands will sweat , especially when gaming -LRB- which is what they 're marketing this mouse to -RRB- . When I said that this mouse is very sleek , I really meant it . The gloss on the mouse and its sleek design can cause it to be very slippery if your hands get sweaty . My old Microsoft did n't have a glossy finish , so the grip was always solid . I 've only had problems gripping the G7 a few times since my hands do n't normally sweat profusely . But if you 're hands do sweat a lot , keep in mind that this mouse 's glossy surface could cause problems.The other minor complaint I have with this mouse has been mentioned before
 I 'll start out with the downside to this mouse , because for me , I 've only found one . That would be the battery life . . I generally find I get about one day of use per charge . That said , that point is balanced nicely by the inclusion of two batteries with this mouse , which means while I do have a daily chore of switching out the batteries , I always have a freshly charged one to switch to . It does however make me wonder how much power is being drawn to charge the battery , and how much that is saving over running a mouse on regular AA 's . As for the rest of the package , it 's great . I love the response when you knock it after it 's gone to sleep , and I enjoy having the customizable speed settings while in a good FPS . The range of the mouse has been great , and despite a number of other devices on the 2.4 ghz range , I 've had no interference problems . The action is very smooth , so smooth unfortunately I 've knocked it off my desk a couple of times already , though no damage noted.All round great mouse , if you do n't mind a daily battery change .
 I upgraded to the G7 from a Logitech Cordless Mouseman Optical mouse that I had used for a few years . The G7 is a well thought out package that works very well . The batteries are very easy and quick to change when one runs low and since they charge quickly it 's not possible to run out of power . Because the batteries are small , I wind up swapping batteries pretty much every day . That is probably the only negative point to this mouse , but again since it only takes a second or two to switch them , even switching once a day is better than switching once a month but having the batteries die at a really bad time then having to get up and get a new set and take a minute to do it . The mouse has great range and connection , I have had no connection glitches or anything -LRB- I had some with the mouseman but none t hat really were a problem -RRB- . Due to it having the laser technology , it keeps track of its surfaces very well . The customizable buttons are great and the on the fly sensitivity adjustment really is handy for gaming . Another high point to the thought that went into this design is that the receiver itself is actually in the form of a laptop cordless mouse receiver . For normal use , you just plug that receiver into the USB powered charging station and the station becomes the receiver . If you needed to take the mouse off and use it with a laptop for a while without charging , you can just pull the receiver out and stick it in the laptop . All in all , this mouse has great technology , a comfortable design , and a very well planned package of features to go with it .
 Mac user rejoice as this mouse works great on a mouse with the additon of Steer Mouse software as does the G5 and any other Logitech mice that do not have Mac drivers .
 -LRB- UPDATED Sept 20 , 2007 -RRB- Logitech categorizes the G5 and G7 as `` gaming mice , '' but they are not only for gamers . If you need a flexible , highly responsive mouse that is effortless to use , they may suit your needs well for both games and other programs . With the release of SetPoint 4.00 , Logitech now supports XP , Vista , and -LRB- with version 3.10 -RRB- some older versions of Windows . But
 The Logitech G7 cordless laser mouse is an impressive piece of PC hardware . More often than not for the casual PC user the mouse is overlooked -LRB- unless you still have one of those ancient ball mice where you have to pull out the ball and clean the rollers every other day -RRB- , so Logitech smartly marketed their high end -LRB- in price and quality -RRB- G7 mouse toward the hardcore gamer segment , the segment who needs the best technology and needs it now . And its main draw -- the accuracy and sensitivity of the mouse -- is geared towards that segment of FPS freaks who need that added edge of being more accurate in the sniper role , yet capable of turning and looking as swiftly as possible in the deathmatch or team arenas.The main draw here is the 2000 dpi laser engine . And , having had experience with the entire line of Logitech 's higher end mice -- MX510 , MX518 , MX1000 and now , G7 -- I can say that the G7 is undoubtedly the most precise mouse I have ever used . The laser engine in the G7 makes a tangible difference in the FPS games I normally play . And ergonomically it fits my relatively small hands rather well . Think of it as a slightly heavier MX 510 or 518 -- it 's about as narrow , and very similarly shaped to its predecessors . The G7 , besides having state of the art laser technology and the previous gaming mice ergonomics , now has the added benefit of the tilt wheel . Why the tilt wheel did n't make an appearance in the older gaming mice remains a mystery to me.Besides that the G7 keeps giving . For one , the high quality PTFE pads the mouse glides over are incredibly smooth . And of course the cordless freedom it offers . For those of you who worry about interference in cordless mice-you wo n't with the G7 . It 's not an issue in the slightest sense . Logitech claims the cordless technology in the G7 is `` bulletproof '' , and that is an accurate statement . Finally the swappable battery packs are a great idea-not only will you always have juice , but having the ability to swap out batteries means being able to buy separate batteries down the road-a feature that hampers the otherwise capable MX1000 's longevity in comparison.Also , despite the fact that Logitech is marketing this mouse to the gamer segment , the G7 's adjustable sensitivity switching is a boon for any type of mouse use that requires accuracy in movement . Photoshop and other paint program users can dial down the sensitivity for smaller , more precise actions on images that require it . Furthermore , the actual dpi settings are user-adjustable from 400 to 2000 dpi in 50 dpi segments , with 5 customizable settings using the included SetPoint software . Beyond that SetPoint allows for fully customizable buttons . The G7 is an extremely flexible mouse.The two gripes that I have about the G7 may be major or minor depending on your mouse needs . First , while the G7 is more sensitive and more accurate than the MX1000 , it features less buttons -LRB- most importantly the forward button on the left side/thumb area of the mouse -RRB- . Secondly , this is an expensive mouse . Casual users will find it hard pressed to justify buying a mouse this expensive for casual use , even casual gaming use . Most will be satisfied with an MX1000 which is substantially cheaper and , despite being less sensitive and having a non-replaceable battery , has more buttons and is more than adequate for general use across the board.Ultimately the G7 represents the pinnacle of mouse technology housed in a very comfortable , light , and cordless shell . You pay the premium , but for the most part you get what you pay for -- if `` insane to the point of overkill '' accuracy and cordless reliability is what you 're looking for .
 Now , do n't get me wrong . This mouse is AWESOME . But there 's a few things that I have problems with .1 -RRB- This mouse does NOT work AT ALL with an icemat . Even though the package says it wo n't work with clear/mirrored glass , it wo n't work with any icemat , regardless of the color -LRB- I have black -RRB- .2 -RRB- The mouse does n't have a forward button . This is a problem for me because I 've had an mx700 for 2 years and used the button ALOT . But if you 've never had a button for that , or do n't use it , it should n't matter much .3 a -RRB- The scroll wheel on the mouse protrudes ridiculously far out of the mouse . It 's way bigger than any other mo use I 've used .3 b -RRB- I ca n't get the sidescrolling feature to work . I installed the drivers and it worked , until I turned off my computer.Now , for the good things about this mouse1 -RRB- Smooth , shiny , high-gloss exterior . This could be a blessing or a nightmare , depending on how much your hands sweat . If your hands do n't sweat much , the feeling of the mouse in your hand is great . However , if your hands sweat alot , I can see this mouse becoming sticky after a while . My hands do n't sweat alot , so I ca n't verify this .2 a -RRB- Battery display . My old mx700 did n't have one and I 'd always wished for one , because I ALWAYS forgot to charge my mouse . This lead to alot of down time during my gaming sessions , which leads me to my next point .2 b -RRB- Dual battery packs ! What a great idea ! I was very surprised that they included this . I can now change my battery in a matter of seconds , and I always have a charged one .3 -RRB- Sensitivity switching with the touch of a button ! This is great for sniping in games . When you scope in on someone , you can turn the sensitivity down -LRB- 3 different settings , you choose up to 2000dpi -RRB- and aim better . I love this feature .4 -RRB- Not only is it cordless , but the receiver is about the size of a thumb drive . While using it at home , you plug it into the battery charger , and when going to a LAN , just take that instead of bothering with the whole charger -LRB- Unless you plan on killing a battery -RRB- 5 -RRB- There is an on/off switch . This makes travelling so much more convenient . With my old mx700 , I 'd have to take the batteries out every time I went to a LAN , or else they 'd drain on the way there , no more of that problem .6 -RRB- Sidescrolling capability , if you can get it to work : - \ 7 -RRB- Gaming feet . This makes the mouse slide on a surface faster because there is less friction . Not much more I can say about this.Overall , the mouse is pretty awesome . Just wish that I 'd known it would n't work on my $ 50 mousepad . On the bottom of the box it says `` Will not work on mirrors or clear glass surfaces '' . They need to change it to `` Will not work on glass surfaces ''
 This is a great gaming mouse . If you 're a gamer , buy THIS mouse . It has the best reaction time for fragging and first person shooters . It comes with 2 batteries , so one can be recharging while you use the other . You 'll never have to be sidelined while the battery recharges.If you are not a gamer , though , consider the Logitech MX 1000 mouse for more features , a better feel and never having to change the battery -LRB- it 's built in -RRB- .
 After getting this mouse 2 days after getting the announcement of release from Logitech , I 'd have to say this is the best mouse that I 've had in 14 years and after nearly 2 dozen different mice!First off , I was able to use the mouse a little over 30 feet away from my computer with the receiver . No point of going further since the mouse cursor on the screen almost can not be seen . lolAnd I do n't believe I bothered yet to install the software that came along with it because usage was perfect for me . It comes with two lithium ion batteries with a recharger on the receiver . With usage of ... nearly all day -LRB- for me -RRB- , one battery lasts one whole day , so make sure the second one is being charged all the time.For gaming , the precision and feel on movement are excellent . For business work , it is great . For everything else , it 's just excellent!Personally , I 'd stock up on this mouse for all my computers , however , I am just about on a `` every 6 month '' upgrade on mice ! This ALSO makes a perfect gift for the winter holidays coming up and for people 's birthdays whenever!Great work Logitech ! -LRB- again , hehehe -RRB-
 I have a MX1000 but wanted more control at high resolution so I purchased the G7 :1 . I put the G7 on the lowest DPI rate for working with Autocad/Viso/PhotoShop then switch it to the highest for normal use.Works Great ! 2 . I miss the feel of the MX1000 , the buttons , the grip , low profile wheel .3 . I miss the long battery life of the MX1000 , I have to change the G7 batteries twice a day , no big deal but I wish I could make it a full day on one battery pack.Logitech would get a BIG 10 on an MX1000/G7 Cross , the resolution switching of the G7 + battery swappable + docking charger + USB RF doggle with the body and features of the MX1000 !
 Having worked for gaming websites for the past 7 years I have tested a lot of mice and would have to say that the G7 is one of the best mice on the market for gaming . Though the mouse is also has a few features that make it a good mouse for non gamers like the side scrolling built into the mouse wheel.Movement of the mouse is very smooth and tracking is excellent . While it did take a while to get used to 2000dpi it has quickly became what I use all the time . Having spent some time getting used to the extra speed it has allowed me to keep up with the most erratic enemy movements in games as well as move quickly around Windows . Having spent the time to get used to 2000dpi I have n't really switched to 800dpi that much though it would be good for RTS games where you have to select a bunch of units . While 800dpi is about as fast as most mice on the market will respond the G7 tracks so well that it is very easy to control and almost feels slow after using 2000dpi for a few days . The 400dpi setting is great for snipers in games or people playing RTS games who want to select one unit . It would also be good for people who are editing photos and need very fine control to select areas of the photo for editing.Though the mouse is not without a couple minor problems first of which the mouse lacks the forward button on the left side of the mouse . While I never really used the forward button much it was still something I would rather have . The other small problem is the mouse wheel has no texture to it . While it is easy to scroll without it being textured thanks to a rubber coating I would have liked to have some kind of texture to make it easier to roll . Though both of these faults are very small and would n't keep me from buying the mouse.The final thing I should mention about the mouse is the rechargeable battery packs and the wireless adapter . The mouse itself feels like it is a wired mouse in how responsive it is but of course this means that the mouse eats up a lot of power . Thanks to having two battery packs this is n't much of a problem and switching the battery packs is very easy taking just a few seconds . The wireless adapter itself is also very nice since it is pretty small and plugs into the charger stands USB port . This allows you to just take the adapter and a charged battery to a LAN party . Being about the size of a thumb drive it makes for a very portable adapter that can easily fit into your pocket .
 This mouse is near perfect
 To start , this mouse is indeed as advertised . Incredibly smooth and comfortable . I purchased this mouse to replace my excellent MX700 . My thoughts are similiar to most here , but here 's one more review . This is an excellent mouse , with a few flaws.The sleek surface gets uncomfortably slick after extended use and feels quite cheap at the expense of looking great . I worry the surface will degrade and rub off much quicker then my mx700 did -LRB- approximatly 2 years of heavy use before I started to see the plastic -RRB- . Regarding the Swapable Batteries . It does n't bother me terribly much . It is convenient and quick ; It would n't be a hassle if the battery didnt need to be changed twice a day for me -LRB- I use my mouse heavily as I work from home , and transition into late night gaming often enough -RRB- The lack of a forward button is very dissapointing , as this seems like a design I 'd assume would become standard . I now use the wheel right/left for forward back , which is suitable , despite the accidental clicks.The connectivity between the mouse and receiver is typically excellent , smooth and responsive . However , oftentimes it 'll spaz out , loose connection , or get very jumpy . I have tried relocating the docking station with no luck , as these moments are sporatic and seemingly unpredictable . It seems likely that there is a wireless device -LRB- router , cell phone , etc -RRB- may be interfering with this device from time to time . However , it is very hard to pinpoint the cause , as the only other wireless device is a very crummy cheapo wireless keyboard.SUMMARY : Pros : -- Excels in performance well above and beyond most mice I 've experienced . Very smooth and comfortable . -- Very aesthetic . -- Adjustable sensitivity a big plus . -- Plug and Play , worked right off the bat , but needed cd installation to access non-standard buttons.Cons : -- Battery paks are quick and easy to change , but need to be changed often . -- Slick surface can be bothersome with extended use . -- Sometimes has connectivity issues . -- Not fully confident this mouse will age well.CONCLUSION : Worth the buy , despite a few flaws . Save the packaging , should this mouse turn out to age poorly.On an unrelated note , I spent $ 99 for this mouse at a retail outlet . Perhaps this slap in my face will teach me for good never to purchase hardware without doing it online .
 I wanted to make the jump to my first cordless mouse but I was n't sure about their reliability . I am a gamer and when talking to hardcore gamers they say they would never use a cordless when they play . But the freedom of having less wires was too hard to ignore . I had ordered and tried two other wireless mice -LRB- both also Logitech -RRB- and I was n't impressed and returned them both . The G7 was my last resort since it was the priciest . I 've had this mouse for about 2 months now and I LOVE it ! Prior to the G7 I was using the Logitech MX518 and I believe they are about the same size and shape so the feel is the same . It moves much smoother than the MX518 . I was concerned about the batteries since I read a lot of complaints about them in prior reviews . I find that it is a non-issue . I normally have to switch the battery once a day and it literally takes me 10 seconds -LRB- maybe even less -RRB- to do it . I experience no lag with this mouse at all . It performs just like a wired mouse . I really ca n't tell the difference . The G7 is a bit more pricier but I am a firm believer of you get what you pay for . This is the best mouse I have ever owned . I would definitely recommend it .
 This Wireless mouse is great . Several reason are :1 . G7 Has no lag in performance . I use several wireless devices at home even WIFI and other wireless devices .2 . With the USB charger , you do n't have worries recharging the batteries to and AC outlet especially if your using it with a laptop . You can use the laptops battery or powersource to charge the batteries on the G73 . You can change the report rate from 125 to 500 which is awsome4 . Adjust resolution sensitivity from 400dpi to 2000dpi on the fly5 . LED indicator on the G7 automatically switches from current sensitivity resolution to power level to show current status6 . Large frictionless pads on the bottom for gliding affect for sensitive movement -LRB- buy a WOWPAD as a mouse pad for optimal sensitivity -RRB- 7 . If you do alot of Photoshop editing ... I highly recommend this to graphic artistsAs a final note , This is the best Mouse in the market . I also have the Logitech Revolution which is only at 800dpi . Only 1 problem I have with the G7 . I 'm using Windows Vista Premium which supports document Flip . G7 Does n't configure to use the neat document switching capabilities . The Revolution supports this button configuration . These are the best high quality mice on the Market by far . No device can match the G7 and Revolution .
 I was skeptical when looking for a new wireless mouse . I had tried several and was not really impressed with any of them . The delay or skipping I had with them made playing some games difficult and just web browsing annoying . A friend talked me into trying the G7 , and I was blown away by it . It does not have any delay , and has never made my cursor skip . It comes with a backup battery and tells you through windows when the power is low and it is time to switch . The buttons -LRB- including the scroll wheels tilt buttons -RRB- are programmable and work great with games . This is the best wireless mouse I have seen or used .
 You ca n't go wrong with this mouse . I was using it in under five minutesafter opening the package . My son uses one for gaming and I use mine for general PC operation . I will be buying a third one for work.Highly recommended.Update ... . Almost four years later and I now have five of these babys all humming along under heavy use at home and at work ... . The best mouse ever .
 Great Mouse for gaming and all other applications.some use it for design , I love it . 2 batteries , you can charge it in 2 hrs.Lasts up to 4 days with out a problem.A must have ... Great buy !!! . PD . There is a green color and a black one . I got the black one I was lucky!Because in the web site is shown as green . And I definitely wanted the Black one .
 It is great and works on almost any surface much better than the other five mice I used in the past . Great range too.very percise.Wish the battery last a little longer and maybe couple more buttons for additional action.after almost a year of light usage , now it is acting on its own.need a replacement soon
 Logitech mice are the best mice on the market . I have so many Logitech products now that you 'd think I worked for them -LRB- bluetooth headset , THX speakers , PSP case , wireless PS2 and PC gamepad , Harmony remote -RRB- . Proof that I do n't is that I hate their keyboards . I used to have one of Logitech 's original wireless mice -LRB- with rubber rolling ball and all -RRB- and loved it so much that I wore the plastic off of it . Many mice later , I ended up with Logitech 's wired dual optical mouse . It was great for gaming and just as perfect for day-to-day computing . When I saw the G7 at a good price , I decided to make the switch to laser and back to wireless . Good move on my part.No doubt , this mouse has excellent sensitivity and tracks wonderfully . I like the way it fits in my hand , though it took a little getting used to the slippery surface compared to the more dull finish on my old dual-optical . I think it could still use some better grips on the pinky finger side , but not a big deal . The scroll wheel is smooth and the sensitivity buttons for on-the-fly swapping is cool , though I use them for `` Cruising '' up and down . Range on this is more than adequate . I can walk 20 feet away from my computer and it works fine.I have just three gripes . The battery , depending on your frame of reference is either acceptable or terrible . For me , it 's acceptable . I can go a full day of regular mousing and fit in a few hours of Madden before having to swap the battery out . I wish though that it would last at least 2 days , but at least they included 2 batteries . Remember that unless you have the receiver/charger plugged into a powered USB hub , that it will not charge if your computer is turned off . My second gripe is software-related . I can not figure out how to turn off the low battery warning in SetPoint . It 's so annoying because it steals focus somehow while I 'm playing games . I 'm in a full screen game , playing , then all of the sudden , the window auto minimizes and I see that stupid low battery warning . What do I need to see that for ? They have a nice battery indicator that flashes red on the mouse itself when the battery is about to go out . I 've tried using the G7 without SetPoint and it works fine , but I ca n't reprogram the buttons without it . My last gripe is very minor , but I do wish that the mouse clicks were a little quieter . And for some reason , scrolling up makes more noise than scrolling down . Go figure.If I were still playing Unreal Tournament for 5 hours a day , this mouse no doubt would give me an edge , unless of course , my opponents had the same idea :P Still , because of the battery life , I 'm left wondering if perhaps I 'd be better off with the wired Logitech G5 . Anyone up for a UT Deathmatch ?
 This is a great mouse in almost all respects ! It performs well and the battery life is very good for a gaming mouse . It is also surprisingly light . I just wish there was a forward button . And if the batteries could be charged without having the computer on , it would be perfect !
 Simple review here
 Plus : Love the feel and accuracy of the device . The weight is perfect for me and the buttons provide just the right amount of resistance.Could Improve : Battery does n't last that long -LRB- about 3 days -RRB- if you leave it on and turning it off is n't all that convenient . However , there are two batteries that are given so switching them out is painless and only a couple of seconds .
 I 'm just wondering how the guy in Michigan was able to review this game , seeing as it wo n't be released for over a month yet . I figured I 'd give it 5 stars based on potential . All the other versions of The Incredible Machine have been very fun and addictive , and the demo of this new version is fun , too . I plan on picking this one up when it comes out , but until then customer reviews are sort of pointless I guess .
 If you are good at thinking , you 'll be good at this game . The Incredible Machine contains lots of complicated puzzles for you to solve . Again , be prepared to think ! Not only are these fun , but you learn at the same time . This game teaches you about science , electricity and much more ! You probably would n't notice , but it 's no lie . Also , The Incredible Machine is one of those games that you ca n't stop playing . Not for anything !
 played this game as a kid years ago on a mac and was feeling nostalgic . found the PC version and am loving it . the premise is that you build a Rube-Goldberg machine to achieve the desired result in the level . the puzzles are scaled from beginner to expert . i 've solved them all except for 3 random puzzles in the hardest category . just cant figure them out . lots of fun parts for building , and the create-a-puzzle mode is a good time , too.this runs on windows 7 with no issues . enjoy !
 I found The Incredible Machine back in 1992 when it was first released . I was so disappointed when I ran out of new puzzles !! Then they brought out another pack of additional puzzles and I was off again ! Very disappointed when I ran out of puzzles again ! I just recently discovered that there was a NEW T.I.M. 3.0 , so I purchased that also ! It took me about a month of part-time play to complete the 166 puzzles in 3.0 and I was disappointed again because I had no more puzzles to solve . Then I discovered `` T.I.M. ~ Even more contraptions '' . I am in `` Hog Heaven '' again ! This program is the best I 've ever purchased ! Great for kids and adults also . Great to work together with your kids too ! Each player can have their own ` account ' so you can compare each player 's progress and share hints and tricks with your family as you move along . The puzzles teach a little bit of physics , a lot of logic and best of all , a LOT of FUN !! Besides the fun , it teaches the players how to USE THEIR BRAIN for something other than devising ways to KILL opponents . I rate this program ` GE ' for Generally Everyone , ` GFF ' for Great Family Fun and ` GBE ' for Great Brain Exercise . Unlike most of the games written for the computer generation , this one has ABSOLUTELY NO BLOOD AND GUTS and nobody gets hurt or killed , unless you get a stitch in your side from laughing so much , or fall out of your chair from having so much Fun . I give Every issue of T.I.M. -LRB- 5 -RRB- STARS . There is absolutely no more FUN to be found in Computer Game Land . I suggest you get your own copy and find out for yourself , before they sell out ! HOURS AND HOURS AND HOURS of GREAT FAMILY FUN !!
 `` The Incredible Machine - Even More Contraptions '' is my first experience with such a game . It 's very fun and pretty darned addictive ! I actually bought it for my logically-minded son 's fifth birthday , which I think was a little ambitious ; he enjoyed putting pieces into play and fidgeting with them to get them to work , which was fun enough in itself , but I think the GAME might be too difficult for him . We 'll see . He enjoyed playing it the one time , but has n't begged to play it again . I , on the other hand , could play it all night long ! : =D I have n't let myself , yet , but ... I look forward to giving it another try . Regardless , I give this game two thumbs up ! -LSB- Although I 'm a little disappointed that it installed something on my computer AND still requires the CD to play the game . Huh ? -RSB-
 My son learned about this game in school . He liked it so we got one for home . The puzzles are fun to solve -- they teach the player to solve a problem using a selection of tools . In a way it 's similar to computer programming -- it allows you to connect tools with different functions to create something unique to solve a problem .
 My children , ages 9 and 11 , have played this game up to the medium level . My 9 year old son is almost done with the medium level and is ready to move to the next . The Rube Goldberg puzzles give the opportunity for the kids to be creative while continually thinking of cause and effect relationships . As the parent , I am amazed at how quickly the children can solve the problems !! They are better at it than me .
 I have n't seen my son since he got this game for Christmas . I hear , `` Mom ! I made another gizmo ! '' all day long .
 This is an excellent program to stretch the limits of your mind . The easy puzzles are okay for children , but the advanced are definitely for teen to adult . The graphics are a little retro . And the CD must be left in the drive while playing -LRB- there is a No-CD patch available at -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- .
 Every once in a while , a company manages to release a simple puzzle solving or trivia based PC game that hooks a dedicated fan base everywhere . The Incredible Machine series is one of those titles . The Even More Contraptions edition comes with approximately two hundred puzzles arranged in order of difficulty and an editor that allows you to make your own contraptions.If you 're not familiar with the Incredible Machine series , it 's a layman mechanical engineer 's dream . If you 've ever watched a movie with a stereotypical nutty professor that has a contraption set up involving ten to twenty devices all reacting to each other in a `` domino chain '' to complete one simple task you already have an idea what the puzzles are like . In other words , a can opener with a can of tuna causing a cat to move which pulls a string that starts a fan which blows a wind chime that somehow turns on the TV . : DThat 's how the puzzles are set up but many of the key components are left out and provided to the gamer to figure out how to get the device to work and complete the goals listed . Many times your solution is completely different from the given solution and the game does n't limit your creativity . Over a hundred different pieces are including various gears , fire starting devices , animals , platforms , floating mechanisms , etc. . Only a few picked by the original programmer are included in each puzzle but if you make your own puzzles you can pick from any device in the game.There are also various websites set up by fans that allow you to download different creations . A fun game that you can keep coming back to as you attempt to complete the many puzzles provided .
 This game is soooooooo 3D ! You wo n't find silly cartoons stick poeple etc in this game!I love making my own contraptions and letting my mom play!If you want your kid to now a lot about physics then this is a great game!It has a lot of new stuff like a monkey and a jack in the box.It keeps all the old contraptions the same so do n't worry about losing contraptions in the old game that you liked.The gears are made easyer so you do n't need to take them out then put them back to get them working unlike in the first game.It is very compatiple with most computers I heard it works on Mac and I had a Windows me wich it worked on and now I have a XP and it works even better on that.This game is not like most games that you complete in weeks , months , days , or even one day this game takes years!But it 's not too hard so you wo n't need to wory about not beeing able to complete one contraption.The tutorial level is to get started and to learn the basics.The easy level is to get you to understand the controls and to get your brain runing and any other stuff it also gets you better at reading the real hints and knowing those things that might trick you like extra parts.This game is a great buy!But there is some things like harming animals but what I do is say thay are just robots .
 I first played the game at school and loved it ! Some people may say it is hard it is really very fun ! But you have to think about it ! If you say it is boring that is becase you just went straight ahead and failed did n't even think that mabye your contraption does n't work ! It is a great game for schools because it is a thinking game and it is one of the funnist games I know of ! I think even if you are n't a good thinking game person it is still a great game , because you can take as much time as you want and think about it ! Also it is n't one of those games that warps your brain into mush ! It makes you think and not just sit there and stare at a computer ! You actually DO something ! It is a great game for any age that can think ! I am 11 and I love it and I know of a 5 year old who loves it ! Even my dad would love if I could get him to buy it for me ! A great game a I recommend it for All !
 I think this software is the best program I 've playedin my life ! I first played it at school and everyonethought it was hard except for me . It is verychallenging just when you you get to the easylevel . Once I got it for Christmas one year , andI could n't stop playing it . My mom was amazed whenshe saw me completing the contraptions so fast . There ` sover 100 contraptions . This software is worth the money.I highly recommend it for anyone .
 We had to play this game in school in our tech ed . class . Every day , I found myself wanting badly to go to 3rd Hour -LRB- My tech ed . class . -RRB- I would recomend this game to everyone .
 I chose this game as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old daughter , after reading the reviews on Amazon . This was the hottest gift in the household . My 19 year old son and 23 year old daughter and her husband all enjoyed the game . Everything about this game is well done . Good sound , graphics , variety , and appeal to various ages . It provided many hours of family entertainment and was a vehicle for building teamwork and self-esteem .
 This is a good , clean game that will provide hours upon hours of entertainment . It has a lot of puzzles at various difficulty levels that make it fun for beginners and those looking for a challenge . The game is very addicting , guaranteeing that you 'll get your money 's worth out of it . An excellent way to exercise your brain and have fun at the same time .
 It 's a very fun game for kids or adults . It allows you to build Rube Goldberg-like contraptions on your computer , and then watch them in action . You can also `` solve '' existing -LRB- partially built -RRB- contraptions by figuring out what pieces to put where to make it accomplish a specified goal . And you can build contraptions for other people to solve . Very cool!There 's little to criticize about it . The directions are n't as clear as they could be -LRB- typical
 the sixth graders really enjoy working with the program . They learn alot of problem solving . `` Thinking outside the box '' We will use it also with seventh and eighth graders as well .
 I played this game in Video Production every so often , and while making contraptions , I literally NEVER wanted the end-of-the-period bell to ring for at least another hour . This game has no limits to what you can create . Imagination is the tool of success !
 At long last . One of the most anticipated fighting games of all time has finally arrived on our shores for the Dreamcast ! The world 's two biggest companies on the fighting circuit pit their baddest brawlers against each other in a no-holds-barred slugfest to see just who 's the best . A lot of people have been waiting for this one to come out ever since Capcom and SNK announced late last year that they would be developing a game together , and now it 's here in all its 2D glory . So , was it worth the wait ? Does it live up to all the hype ? Well ... mostly . Overall , this is one of the most solid fighting games out there . The control is pure Capcom gold ; tight and responsive -LRB- a little awkward for SNK veterans , but after a couple of games , it fits just fine -RRB- . Four attack buttons instead of six means it even feels good on the standard DC controller . The gameplay is a little -LRB- okay , a lot -RRB- different than your average fighting game . You build a team of fighters using a points system . See , each fighter in the game has a rating of 1 , 2 , or 3 , and you get 4 points to play with , meaning you can have anywhere from two to four fighters on your team ! -LRB- The strongest characters have a rating of 3 , the weakest a 1 . -RRB- Not only that , you have two different fighting styles -LRB- Grooves -RRB- to choose from ; an `` SNK '' style -LRB- which plays mostly like the King of Fighters series -RRB- or a `` Capcom '' style -LRB- which plays more like the Street Fighter Alpha series -RRB- . Needless to say , strategy is this game 's most important aspect , which is rare in a fighting game . The music is pretty much what you 'd expect -LRB- some techno with guitar mixed in -RRB- ; nothing really memorable , but decent enough . There 's a whole bunch of secret stuff to find in here too ; mostly `` EX '' -LRB- alternate -RRB- versions of the original fighters , extra costume colors , and hidden stages , but enough to keep you playing for a good while to unlock them all . And lastly , the graphics . Since this game was developed by Capcom , all of the SNK characters were redesigned . They have a very `` Capcom '' - ish look to them ; some King of Fighters fans may frown upon this , but the new looks fit the game pretty well . The biggest disappointment , though , is the fact that with the exception of Ryu , Ken , and M. Bison , all of the Capcom characters look exactly like they did in the Street Fighter Alpha series . When they stand across from the SNK characters , they look like they were just pasted in . Capcom really cheaped out on that count , especially when you consider how long it took for this game to come out . This flaw does n't detract from the gameplay at all , though , which is the important thing . Backgrounds are top notch , and they all have a nice little `` intro '' sequence as well , which is an SNK trademark . Some of the stages will even interact with the ongoing fight , with toppling beams , shadows , and rustling leaves ! When you put it all together , you 've definitely got one of the standout fighting games of the year ; overall great graphics , tight gameplay , a unique battle system , and even a decent replay value . Fight fans rejoice ; the wait is over !
 This review probably wo n't get printed as I 'm going to let you in on a little secret.Go to capcoms web-site and buy on-line for twenty dollars or go to ANY other on-line retailer who sales dc games.The game IS worth every penny , it 's the most amazing 2D fighter you 'll play , if you loved SNK fighters and Capcom fighters from the 80 's ... get ready for fun .
 I quite enjoy this fighter , but by trying to meld two different fighting styles Capcom has had to make unfortuante compromises . Indeed , this game proves outright that despite outward appearances , the SNK and Capcom fighters are really very different.High points of the game include the presentation and overall graphics . Whoever said this is no better looking than SF Alpha 3 never played this game . The backgrounds are HIGH-RES and each is introduced with real pride and high production values . And many attacks take advantage of the DC in the high-res light show , the refined pyrotechnics , and more . In addition , most characters have been given increased animation frames and some restylings . Mai of SNK fame looks even better here than in the latest KOF . And for a character that in real life would cause unending traffic accidents from turning heads , that 's saying something.However , there is a notable exception in that a few Capcom characters use recycled sprites . Chun-Li DID not receive the freshening her SNK counterpart Mai did . In fact , coming from the remodeled Street Fighter 3 Chun-Li to this ancient sprite is very rough ... whether this was done for cost/time or nostalgia reasons is unknown . A mistake either way.Gameplay is engaging , but actually a wee bit simplistic , especiialy compared with the Street Fighter 3 series and KOF Evolution . SNK fighters have lost several moves to bring them down to Capcom power levels , though it is great fun sending Ryu into the ground with Terry Bogard , or pounding Rugal with Chun-Li . It is true , however , that this is really Street Fighter versus Fatal Fury . Just look at the cover . The game really could use at least additional characters from SF3 and Last Blade for instance -LRB- and yes , one character in CvSNK2 is coming from SF3 -- only their worst one ! -RRB- . A very unique and fun fighting game , in sum . But it likely requires a predisposition to SNK characters to appreciate it .
 It 's been awhile in the making , and it could have been better , but Capcom vs. SNK is still my favorite fighter . 33 fighters in all -LRB- Capcom has the extra , of course -RRB- , and yes , all the dream matches -- Ryu and Ken vs. Kyo and Iori , Chun-Li and Guile vs. Mai and Terry Bogard , etc. -- are just as fun as you 'd think . Being the jaded gamer I am though , I 'll whine about the flaws of the game first . My biggest complaint is about the absence of some characters . With the exception of Morrigan , the entire Capcom side is represented by Street Fighter characters . That 's not bad , but , did Capcom REALLY think gamers would rather play as Dhalsim , E. Honda , Zangief , and Cammy over Mega Man , Strider , Arthur , and Tron ? It 's kinda hard to believe so . And as far as SNK goes , well ... where 's Andy Bogard , Krauser , Haohmaru , and Robert Garcia ? These are main characters here people , and Capcom vs. SNK just does n't have them . To top it off , EVERY SNK character was stripped of moves . What 's up with that ? Is Capcom jealous or something ? Another major complaint is with the Street Fighters themselves . With the exception of Ryu , Ken , and M. Bison , all the Street Fighters look EXACTLY like they did in Street Fighter Alpha 3 ! ... . Granted , graphics do n't make a game , but it still annoys as they do n't quite fit . They look downright cheap when compared to the SNK characters . And while this is a minor gripe , would it have hurt Capcom to put in some real endings to the game ? Now , for the good points to the game . Well , first of all , it 's Capcom vs. SNK . Any hard-core gamer already knows that this is a dream come true . To have Iori give his level 3 Maiden Masher to Ryu was something I 've been dreaming about for years now . But of course , the game needs more than a license as its crutch , and Capcom , being the unofficial company for gamers that they are , knows this . The graphics are absolutely amazing . All the characters -LRB- excluding the pasted-in SFA3 characters -RRB- are extremely detailed . The backgrounds are enough to make you drool -LRB- they even have stage intros -LSB- SNK trademark -RSB- -RRB- . My personal favorite was Akuma 's stage . There 's also lots of secret stuff to get in the game -LRB- more than Marvel vs Capcom 2 -RRB- . It takes forever to get all these secrets , but they are worth it . The music is pretty decent , too . Not being a fan of video game music -LRB- why listen to it when I can listen to the real stuff ? -RRB- , I must say really enjoyed a few of the songs -LRB- the stage music for M. Bison and Geese Howard was amazing -RRB- . The control is exactly what you 'd expect for a fighting game -- nothing special . How good the control is for most fighting games , 2D in particular , depends solely on the controller design . And as most of you know , the Dreamcast controller is n't perfect -LRB- give me the Saturn or PSX analog controller any day of the week -RRB- . The controls for Capcom vs. SNK are n't exactly in Street Fighter or King of Fighters favor -- they 're somewhere in between . Instead of the normal , six attack buttons that the Street Fighter series has , there 's only four . And the SNK characters now play with a slightly more Street Fighter feel to them . Then , there 's the much talked about ratio system . Personally , I do n't mind it . The player gets four points to their selection of characters . Weak characters are one point , normal characters are two points , bosses are three points , and the hidden characters are four points . All this goes out the window once you get the secrets , but you still use if you play the arcade mode . You also get to pick between which groove you want -- Capcom or SNK . Capcom 's groove is just like the Street Fighter Alpha one , you have a super combo bar that levels up if you give or take damage so you can unleash you super move . SNK 's groove is just like King of Fighters . Your bar levels up when you take damage , or you can can just do it yourself by powering up . There 's also a groove point system . You get points by how you hurt your opponent and then get ranked . And as if all that was n't enough , you get a training mode and a color edit . Another cool little quirk to the game is what characters do before they have a fight . For example , right before Ryu and Sagat fight , Sagat touches the scar on his chest . There 's lots of these in the game , and my personal favorite was when Chun-Li fights Yamazaki . In the end , Capcom vs. SNK could have been much better ... but as it stands , Capcom vs. SNK is a classic that every gamer should play . PS
 After four vs. games with Marvel , Capcom continues on with this legacy with SNK . This game is cool since you get to play with fighters from the KOF -LRB- King of Fighters -RRB- Series and the Street Fighter Series . There are also included two hidden bonus characters , one from Samurai Showdown and the other from Night Warriors . The stage entraces are another unique feature that makes this game really cool . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes to play fighting platform games or likes Capcom or SNK games .
 ... Marvel vs Capcom 2 and Capcom vs SNK are without a doubt the best fighters on any system . Capcom vs SNK is a dream turned reality as you get to pit your favorite fighters from the Capcom universe against your favorites from the SNK universe . A milestone in fighting games , two rivals unite to bring a great game . What are you waiting for ? Go get it ... NOW !!!!!!!
 ... I really like this game in spite of it 's drawbacks , hence the four stars . I 've held battles against friends that have been as intense as any of the more polished and refined fighters I own -LRB- and I own LOTS of fighters -RRB- and have had just as much fun . The game itself feels almost like a throwback . The controls are tight , but less so than , say , SFIII , and game feels kind of slow in comparison to other recent fighters . The fights are much more down-to-earth , so to speak , with no super jumps or overpowered super moves to speak of . Even Ryu 's Shinku-Hadoken looks like a slightly bigger version of his normal Hadoken , whereas even in Alpha 3 it was a little more menacing than his normal attacks . Fans of the over the top style of previous vs. games like Marvel vs. Capcom will find this game abysmally slow and boring by comparison . As for SNK fans , they fare a bit better in that this game more closely resembles KoF than the more recent Capcom games , though it 's not the same feel by a long shot . Also , they get wonderfully good looking redrawn sprites , whereas Capcom just recycled the Alpha sprites AGAIN . Bison , Ryu , Ken and Akuma got redrawn , however , and Akuma in particular looks very , very good . Of course , then we have the hidden characters like Morrigan that look absolutely AWFUL , especially when compared to the new sprites . Pit Morrigan vs. Akuma to really see the difference . If you were to see a screenshot of such a fight , you 'd probably assume Morrigan was photoshopped on there from another game , she looks SO out of place . The fighting system itself is badly flawed in some areas -LRB- Honda , Yuri , Benimaru , Vice , and Blanka are all far too powerful for level 1 characters -RRB- but it 's still oddly fun . 4 slots are available , and the player chooses characters depending on how powerful they are . Example
 Well where to begin . Let 's see first there is the awesome sprites . Every single SNK character redone with Street Fighter III quality sprites . Then there is The awesome amount of characters . 33 characters plus you can play in either the Capcom or the SNK groove . And last but not least you can finally settle the score of who would win between Capcom frontrunner Ryu and SNK 's Leading man Terry Bogard . The one flaw with this game The lack of Andy Bogard . Other than that fighting games do n't get any better than this . I feel personally that this game is Capcom 's coolest 2-d fighter yet . A definite must have in any Street Fighter or Fatal Fury fan 's collection . A + + + + !!
 This game is really good . Even though the DC really did n't do so well , this game really makes you wonder why . The game has the classic 2D look , with amazing special effects , and the gameplay is really cool . You can choose whether to use the SNK system -LRB- which is like a DBZ way of fighting , as you can gather power for your Special Combo -RRB- , or you can use Capcom -LRB- which I really recommend using , since you have control over how strong your SC is -RRB- . Also , you can unlock many different versions of characters , even Evil Ryu ! The only problem is that the DC controller will destroy your thumb with all the thumb-sliding you have to do for the special attacks . But anyway , pick this game up if you wan na have a good ol' time with your buddies for hours .
 If you liked any King of Fighters or Street Fighter games , then this is the game to play ! It has two wonderful grooves to choose from and tons of great legendary Street Fighter and King of Fighters characters ! And if your REALLY good , you 'll be able to to all the secret characters ...
 I have played different Capcom fighters like Rival Schools , Tech Romancer , Star Gladiator , and even the VS series . I got to admit that some of the early VS series did come out to be a bit repetitive . When Capcom VS SNK came to the ring , I knew that this would definently be a scorcher . When I bought the game and finally got the chance to play it , I totally got excited over what I saw in Capcom VS SNK 's features . The graphics are more brighter than that of the other VS series and the colors do not look all that drab and rough . And no , not all characters look like they 've been pulled off of Street Fighter Alpha . Just take a look at Ken , Ryu , and and the secret character , Akuma ! The only ones that are borrowed from the SF Alpha series are Chun-Li , Sagat , Guile -LRB- damn , he sounds like he 's trying to speak english -RRB- , and Sakura . Capcom totally changed some of the SNK fighters with style . They made Mai look sexier than before , King has a fancy reddish purple vest , and Iori truly looks like an anime character . The controls may not be faster than that of Marvel VS Capcom 2 , but the controls are still cool ! This game mixes the best of Capcom and SNK 's gameplay which is a good thing . In case some of you reviewers do n't know this , if you continue to play the game over and over again to gain battle points , you can earn EX -LRB- extra -RRB- versions of the same characters . They 'll cost about 1,000 points . If you unlock each one , you 'll notice the difference . Their moves and even their specials . I do n't find anything disappointing in this game , except that Joe Higashi is not in this game -LRB- eerrrgghhh ! -RRB- , but it 's cool ! And the other depression is that all secret characters and requirements cost too much which definently makes me mad -LRB- but hey ! I got everything unlocked ! -RRB- . Simply put it this way , your Capcom VS collection for PlayStation and Dreamcast just is n't complete without Capcom VS SNK . I highly recommend this game to every fighting fanatic who loves both SNK and Capcom . Do n't just sit there drooling over a sexy looking picture of Mai Shiranui ! Go to the stores and buy it while there 's still some copies ! Oh yeah , and one more thing to say ! Capcom is way , way , way better than SNK ! Yep ! You heard me right !
 I love Capcom and I love SNK , they both make or made great games -LRB- SNK which stands for Shin Nihon Kikau went out of business in October of 2001 , which in its great run brought us great games such as The King of Fighters -RRB- So when I heard they were gon na make a fighting game together I was dancing around a little school girl . I already own Marvel vs Capcom and Marvel vs Capcom 2 and I wanted to see if anything could possibly top them , I was almost sure of it since both companys make the best fighting games ever . Once I bought it I played it for hours on end , unlocking characters , finding new moves . The best part of the game is the graphics , which look like PS2 standards and the Levels are the best I have ever seen in a fighting game . The music and sound is phenomenal . The only thing that kept me from giving it five stars was the -LSB- bad -RSB- play control , the hyper moves are near immpossible to do and even your simple basic moves were hard to pull off . Still that did n't stop me from playing it over and over again.If you like fighting games and you have a dreamcast , buy this !
 This is a very unique fighter , for it goes back to the old ways of Super Street Fighter 2 . By this , I mean no air blocking , and character sprites similar to the 1993 CPS2 based arcade blow away . Morrigan is the sole character to make her way from the darkstalkers demon world , and I hope in the future it stays that way . Mai , Terry , Kyo , Iori , and many popular SNK fighters make there debut on stunning Capcom custom made sprites , featuring a wide variety of super moves and attacks . In the game , you can choose 1-4 characters , determining strength . Mai and Morrigan , my team of characters , are in the 2 range . Evil Akuma and Geese Howard are in the one range , Vega and Yamakazi in the 2 -LRB- except their partners have to be in the 4 range -RRB- and Cammy , Sakura , Blanka etc. in the 4 range . You can also select a 2 range character with 2 , 4 range characters . Also , you must select a groove , either Capcom or SNK -LRB- Snk has much better artwork -RRB- and this matter with the super moves .
 For years many fighting game fans prayed and begged for the ultimate fighting game , and this is it . Capcom VS SNK is without a doubt a fighting fans dream come true . The animation is top notch proving nobody does 2-D like the Dreamcast does , the control is tight -LRB- arcade stick recommended -RRB- , and the new groove system is very innovative so you can play in either Capcom 's or SNK 's fighting style . This is one of the best games on the Dreamcast bar none .
 This game is meant for long time fans of either capcom or snk 's 2d fighters . ever since street fighter came out snk has been ripping them off with their own less popular fighting games , though snk fans argue that capcom ripped off snk , which explains the cast of fighting game only characters and no megaman or metal slug guys . this is an interesting game , with new fighting systems and button lay out . there are better vs. games out there though like marvel vs. capcom 2 , so i 'd reccomend that if you want good tag team fighting , but this is great for big 2d fighting fans .
 This is probally one of capcoms best games since Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo . very fun . i strongly suggest buying a copy if you enjoy 2d fighting titles .
 You can not do any 10 hit airial combos because the screen does not pan up when you hit your opponent into the air.The graphics are very bad . It look like a SNES game . Do n't wate your money on this , you will be disoppointed as I was . I expected much better from a game with SNK and street-fighter characters .
 This is a monster truck racing game for the PC featuring many of the trucks from the mid-90s . Along with point to point style and fictional course racing , this is the only monster truck game I know of that let 's you do straight up drag racing -LRB- straight line or U-shaped turn course depending on the track -RRB- , in both outdoor fairgrounds and indoor arenas . This drag racing feature was later abandoned in Monster Truck Madness 2 .
 Monster Truck Masdness has very easy controlls and good sceanery , interesting surprises and shortcuts that popup here n there . I also like the ability to drive from outside the truck , and it can get a little addictive . Hey , I think it 's just an all around great game ! I 'm still playing it since 1997 .
 Our grandson is almost 3 yrs old and he really likes to play and watch us play this game . He gets a kick out of watching the roll over replays . We all play or have played it and like it . Over all it 's a good game only thing is the graphics need to be updated so they are more clear . Glad we bought it for him .
 Oh man , few games have engrossed me like Seawolf . With it 's non-splashy yet impressive for the time graphics , mesmerizing soundtrack , and the thrill you get when you hear a torpedo hit home , I have yet to find a game so totally engrossing on a very passive and active level all at once.Again , the graphics are n't sexy , but the game play is . The video primitive , but gives the appropriate feel for commanding a high tech submarine . In fact I remember a news ' piece being shot the making of the next generation of games back in the 90s , and Electronic Arts was one of the companies being showcased in the piece . And , it was this very game for which EA was shooting video . I saw the snippets of video of mock sailors in front of their stations reporting to the captain of the vessel , you the player , as to the state of their sea wolf . EA was commenting on their market theory of games , and how they wanted the player to be more engrossed in the gaming experience.So it is that EA kept true to their promise in the doc I saw on TV a year or two before Seawolf hit the shelves . And so it was that I saw the compressed video enacted before me as I commanded my sub taking on various task forces of the now former Soviet Union.Seawolf is essentially an advanced DOS game with some relatively sexy graphics -LRB- for a DOS game at least -RRB- , and the sound effects are respectable and jarring as well . The real gem for this game is the CD soundtrack . The music is duplicated in MIDI format , but unless you 're playing the game with the CD quality music running , you 're missing out.There 's not much more to say about this game . The missions get progressively harder , almost to the point of impossibility . In fact , I never could complete the final mission . Even so , I had a real blast playing this thing , especially wearing my earphones listening to the sonar.Great stuff . Check it out if you 're a retro gamer fan .
 For people who got hooked on this game via playstation , but have a PC this is perfect . Takes hours and hours -LRB- and maybe a playing guide -RRB- , but lots of fun .
 i have a good computer and i played it and its fine i spent all of my allowance and it was fun for a while then when i finish it it got boring
 This machine contains 20 8-bit -LRB- Sega Master System and Game Gear -RRB- games , including including Sonic Triple Trouble , Fantasy Zone , Super Columns , Alex Kidd , Fantasy Zone , Ecco the Dolphin , and others . Personally , I NEED to own anything that has the Coleco name on it AND plays classic Sega games , even though I 'm not a big fan of their 8-bit stuff . It looks like the `` new '' Coleco is doing right by their brand legacy , because this is a solid little unit . Here are my impressions of the new handheld unit : Hardware
 I purchased a Coleco Sonic Handeld online for $ 50 , and I 'm glad to say that it was well worth my money . I can see this as being great for both people like me who like the classic Sega games -LRB- or in my case , Sega in general -RRB- and play occaisonally , or for people who play more often . It is very portable - just look at the picture some other guy posted - it 's not that big compared to the Gameboy Micro . The games on this thing are great , since there 's a good mix of shooters -LRB- like Assault City and Global Defence -RRB- , adventure -LRB- Alex Kidd in Miracle World and Ecco II
 First , let me say that this little thing is awesome . 20 classic games in one little thing with incredible battery life and a sturdy , durable design . The whole thing is done very efficiently and effectively - it even has an AV output , if you 're into that sort of thing . The buttons are durable , sturdy , and responsive . The games range from classic to kind of bad to just plain obscure -LRB- to this day I ca n't find an original cartridge or even a catalog record for some of theme -RRB- . There 's only a couple of weird things about this unit
 I was lucky enough to find one of these at Target last year . Even though I was n't a huge fan of the Sega titles growing up , I have come to appreciate them , and can never say no to a handheld , especially not to one touting a backlit screen . I 'm the guy who bought a second GBA when they upgraded it with a backlight . The games on here are great . I carry it around in addition to my pocket PC because it simply does n't deliver gaming -LRB- ca n't press two buttons simultaneously -RRB- . I like that you can quickly power the unit on and jump into a variety of games . Most of my portable gaming is a quick few minutes here and there -LRB- outside dressing room , lunch hour , etc. -RRB- The light weight and small size of the unit makes it suitable to bring around and not be bothered by its bulkiness -LRB- PSP , GBA -RRB- . I never bring my gba with because it feels like work to carry it/worry about it .
 This is a great handheld , lighter than it looks , pocketable and with a nice bright screen . Also , the cable included for connecting to the T.V. fits my digital camera , so that was a nice bonus . There is no way it 's worth $ 100 though , I paid $ 30 for mine . Had this product cost $ 100 when I bought it , I would have left a 1 star review for the poor value . Remember they are just Sega Genesis and Gamegear games , and the real thing does n't cost that much !
 I have played this game since it first came out years ago on the monochrome monitors . It has to be one of the best games ever . Kids can learn the basics pretty easily and do alright . The strategy involved as powers wax and wane is awesome . Even before the graphics became as good as they are now , the game was addicting . Now ... its just a matter of how many people you can find to play with you !!!
 We can all agree that the D-Pad on the original Xbox 360 controller is not good , making all those Xbox Live Arcade games harder than they should be , especially fighting games like Street Fighter II . This Hori Controller has a much better D-Pad , and that alone makes it worth the purchase for just playing the arcade games.The face buttons are very solid , and each can be used with the turbo function . The turbo works perfectly , but It does not work with shoulder buttons . Speaking of which , the shoulder buttons are the worst part of the controller . The triggers are smaller , and pressing them in does not feel as right as the original controller . The bumpers click in nicely , but are not as long as the original controller 's . Basically , this controller is not recommended for shooters , since that genre revolves around the triggers so much . However , it does work really well with arcade games that use the D-Pad and face buttons , and I would prefer this controller over the original for that purpose only . If you buy the arcade games on Xbox 360 , I highly recommend you use this controller to play them .
 With the fact that it 's rare to even find a turbo controler for the Xbox360 I think that the hori controler works well.Great for the good old classic arcade games and todays fast paced fighting games such as D.O.A. & Virtua Fighter 5 . Also found it very useful for games such as the Dynasty Warriors series , Fantastic Four , D.W.-Gundam , Conan , Beuwolf & etc. . Now on some of these games may requrie you to hold buttons down for certain combos etc. . But unless it 's a move or task you need to complete the stage or etc. . The speed that the Hori controler releases will make up for charge attacks . Now , I would not recommend this controler for F.P.S. games due to the fact the top buttons are a tad smaller than the orignal xbox360 controllers . Also the top buttons work fine but did not seem as smooth as the original xbox360 controllers . If you 're a fighting , action , hack & slash videogamer then this controler is a must have ! No more finger cramping when fighting in a survival match or huge boss battles or waves & waves of enemies ! The Hori will get you thru it in a hack & slash ! -LRB- update
 I love all of products from HORI . this controller is very reliable.First of all I like the 4-direction pad . In most game I do n't need 8-direction pad . sometimes XBOX is confused which direction I push . only one thing I have to complain is that it is not wireless . I hope HORI 's wireless controller would be imported someday
 If you are a avid Fighting Gamer , I highly recommend youinvest in purchasing this controller . It delivers the exactresponse needed in order to execute those match winningmoves or those flashy finisher combos.The directional pad is exactly what I needed foroptimal control for my character of choice andalso performing the moves that I wanted , as opposed to thecontroller you get with Xbox that has 8 directions . Whichpretty much serves the same purpose of the joysticks.The buttons are smooth and flat surfaced and requirevery little force to press . Though I recommend not lettingfriends who feel the need to apply excessive force becausethe buttons will get stuck . Believe it or not , that willreally throw off a match.If you like to designate buttons or combinations to yourbumpers I recommend staying away from the triggers , theyreally are n't the greatest designa and do n't respondreally well This controller is strictly for fighting games.Shooters stay away , and just in case it 's a concern.The controller itself is n't as big as it looks . Iassure you it is highly ergonomic . The controller isalso compatible with your Xbox headset . The only con Ihave with the controller is that it is wired , other thanthat it was well worth the price .
 This officially licensed wired controller by Hori features Turbo Function , Two Turbo Setting and Vibration Function . Hori Turbo EX controller for XBOX 360 is one of the best quality controller in the market . Officially licensed by Microsoft . Individual Turbo features for the A , B , X , and Y buttons . Turbo function , Two Turbo settings , & Vibrate function . Two Turbo Settings
 The hori ex turbo controller is the best turbo function controller on the market to date . Ive used and had a few in my time but the Hori one is the best . there is only one place that you can get them from and its in the e bay site the uk one . Just go to www.ebay.co.uk and put in the search engine Hori EX Turbo Controller xbox 360 and you will find one there . regards
 well , if you are looking for a controller of this type . Hori Controller EX Turbo for Xbox 360 works , for me anyway.I think D-pad is excellent . Best for fighting games.David .
 It is not a cheap controller . It is really steardy and at times can be to sterdy for really quick shoulder button presses . But i use it for the ufc game and i am a submission machine works great and seems like it will last a very long time and this is from a person who has broken every controller i every owned except for this one .
 Return Fire is a great game this game is nothing more then additional maps . Well worth getting since the maps they give you are very detailed and much more fun then the standard maps .
 This is a great game . I has the best gameplay of them all ! If you want great graphics then go for 06 , But if you like gameplay , them go for this one . Its so raw !!!!!!!!!!
 I dug out this game and started playing it and it 's great.You pick a Taxi driver and pick up passengers and you try not to crash into anyone or anything . I love crashing into everyone and I had a good laugh playing it . You can also crash into the trains and the underground train as well and knock cars off the road.When you knock the cars off the road and knock them up right , the cars just start to drive off again.I give this game 5 stars !
 I 'm a great fan of this series so i reccomend to buy it , it really worth it , great item for fans and gamers who collect a lot of gaming stuff.The pack includes very interesting stuff.A huge poster -LRB- 55x 60 cm -RRB- , even it have two sides -LRB- in one side there 's a map of Driver Parallel Lines and in the other side appear the characters of the game in both eras , 1978 and 2006 , and their profiles -RRB- . There 's also a soundtrack of the game -LRB- 12 tracks -RRB- , it is n't the full soundtrack of both eras , the full soundtrack -LRB- 1978 and 2005 Era -RRB- was avaivable in iTunes a few years ago : -LRB- Here 's the list of the 12 songs : Smack The Bird - The Nimrod Express -LRB- awesome instrumental song , very funky style of the 70s -RRB- Mango Man - The Fabolous Bongo Brothers -LRB- another instrumental song with that 70s cool vibe , great song for driving -RRB- Want What I Got - The Sliders -LRB- great song that sound like 70s cop TV series theme -RRB- Come and Get It - Prince of Brooklyn -LRB- cool song with a disco vibe , those were the years , awesome music -RRB- New York Pity - Matboule and The Bombers -LRB- that song reminds me a old style car chase song -RRB- Monkey Nuts - Tribal Funk Stars -LRB- no words , awesome song -RRB- Vertical Flip - Vox -LRB- more modern vibe song but with some old school style , very funky -RRB- Now What You Gon Due - Public Enemy -LRB- a classic rap band like Run Dmc -RRB- -LRB- Everybody -RRB- Reverberate -LRB- The Return to New York Mix -RRB- - Arthur Baker -LRB- good dancehall song -RRB- No Consequences - Narco -LRB- not particularly my style of music -RRB- You Will Pay - DJ Grandmaster Flash -LRB- a song that Grandmaster Flash made exclusively for Driver Parallel Lines , the song depicts the revenge of the T.K. after getting out of jail in 2006 -RRB- Big City Streets -LRB- theme from Driver PL -RRB- - Vox -LRB- song that mixes old style with modern techniques of music , simply great -RRB- It also includes a Bonus DVD with some videos : A `` Making of '' the game `` Character Profiles '' videos .
 ALL of the games in this set are aMAZING . They are filled with clean fun , challenges and enough to capture a childs attention . My 8 yr old grandchild had some difficulties navigating but older children are just fine -LRB- plus I think it 's good to play the games with them anyway -RRB- .
 If you love fishing as much as i do , you will love this game . It can be a bit boring , For me the excitement was the catch .
 Fun , fun and more fun , the story line is adorable and your character -LRB- which you choose -RRB- is cute . You open different towns and meet different people and complete different challenges . The fishing is so much fun and you solve mysteries , save love and you even cook . Loved the game .
 I have just begun playing this game but I like it so far , a lot of interaction between characters and easy to play .
 PS2 RPG that is nice enough but you need to paly with it for a little while to get the hang of the game .
 I purchased this product to play Atari games on my computer . I works better than I expected . Many buttons to play and learn about . Thanks
 is the main source of this gamePros : - Cute graphics that suits the game 's mood-Awesome soundtrack -LRB- It 's a nice blend of Jazz , and has nice chourses in some stages -RRB- - Excellent voice acting-Rapid fight style gameplay-Great story -LRB- And a ending that might be a bit emotional for some , like me -RRB- - I love the cheerful comedy this game brings -LRB- If you just played a horror game , it 's never a bad idea to turn to this to cheer you up-It said 70 hours , and man this was the clostest that any game has close to being right about it 's lenght on the back cover -LRB- I was only 15 minutes over 70 hours -RRB- - Very nice animated ciniematics -LRB- It provides much more than the 2 Tales of Symphonia had -RRB- - Excellent group of characters : -- Senel : The main man who walks around with the strenght of 100 men . He can be a pain sometimes . -LRB- Like when he abandoned his party , and felt like a total @ $ $ later -RRB- -- Will : The 28 year old man , who uses a hammer , but uses to much magic . -LRB- What is the point of having a hammer that can crush a cinderblock at ease if you 're hardly gon na use it -RRB- -- Chloe : The knight with a generation of greatness before her , but she has loads of doubt and revenge in her -LRB- At one point it will , and I mean WILL piss you off -RRB- -- Norma : Where would this game be without the cheerful , bubbleheaded Norma . She brings loads of comedy , keeps the game from being completly boirng , well she 's like Ed from Cowboy Bebop . -- Moses : And no he 's not the guy who said let my people go . He 's kinda like Zelos , and he 's a bit of a goofball , and he provides comedy as well . -- Jay : I swear the first time I saw this dude I thought he was a chick . She-male lookin ' sunova ... Anyway , he 's the least likable for me , because he always acts like he 's too good for everyone . -- Grune : Ah , other than the fact that she lost her memory , she reminds me of Sheena , super sexy , fights with a weird weapon , has a relationship with summon spirits , the perfect woman , a Goddess -LRB- Seriously , and she 's generaly rather nice to Moses , unlike Sheena and Zelos ' relationship -RRB- -- Shirly : Senel 's sister , and he cares for her a lot , but yet , she always seems to find a way to be a complete burden for like 2 of the game , but she 's usually sweet.-Gald is hardly a problem -LRB- The fact that you usually have more than you can spend from time to time -RRB- - Skits have voice acting -LRB- Which is suprising since it was n't that way in tales of symphonia-Nice load of extras after the game was completed-This game is a ton of fun , and is very enjoyable installment of the tales series.Cons : - No multiheal items -LRB- Only Norma can heal everyone , but it 's not always enough -RRB- - No Voice acting through Character quest . -LRB- Throughout the final 35 hours the only way you can hear voice acting is through the animated FMVs or skits . I missed the voice acting so much , I almost forgot what the voices for some characters sounded like -RRB- - No summon spirits used -LRB- Their names are mentioned but they 're never used . What happedned there -RRB- - I hate random battles -LRB- The dungeons are wayyy to long and random battles are a bit frequent . I do n't know what was wrong with the Tales of Symphonia system -RRB- - The world map sucks ! The paths are not far away , but Senel runs way too dang slow ! -LRB- Not to mention there 's nothing of an airship or anything like that -RRB- - Puzzle booths are annoying -LRB- The only good thing I found about it , is you do n't get into random battles with them.-During character quest this game suffers from Magna Carta syndrome where you backtrack through previous dungeouns -LRB- Dungeouns I thought I 'd never have to see again . They could have gave a quick jump like Tales of Symphonia did . -RRB- - I wish you could cook after that battle and eat , and get a limited status raiser like in Tales of Symphonia -LRB- But , you got ta wait till after the battle . -RRB- - No alternative endings -LRB- That is a real downer , seeing as how it is very common in RPGs today -RRB- Tales of Lengendia is a great fun experience , but in pails in comparision to it 's Gamecube predicessor Tales of Symphonia . This game looks like it was the prediseccor , and Tales of Symphonia was the successor . Seriously this game was inferior to it . Yet this game is enjoyable , and PS2 owners that never played the Gamecube success , nor had a international PS2 to play the japanese version -LRB- Which was realesed on PS2 there , and had much more extras than the gamecube version , and a casino , which was messed up -RRB- , should enjoy this Tales experience , altho I played better.peace
 The Tales series has been in good hands lately . Tales of Symphonia , which was a masterful game , was grand . Tales of Legendia is even better and more fleshed out . From start to finish , the game shines.The game begins with Senel Coolidge and his sister Shirly fleeing from enemies aboard their ship . Soon another ship called the Legacy comes by and over takes them . The Legacy , we discover , is an ancient artifact from the Kingdom of Terises . When Senel and Shirly board the legacy we discover Shirly has the ability to breathe underwater which means she may be of a race called Ferines . But that 's not all , because locals think she is a Merines , she might also be able to pilot the Legacy . Unfortunately she also gets kidnapped by bandits within the first five minutes or so . It 's a lot to swallow , but you 'll find out all the answers as the story progresses.The Tales series is known for having well-developed characters , and Tales of Legendia is no exception . Each character that joins your party is neatly fleshed out to the point where they are their own self . What helps the character development -LRB- besides the well crafted dialogue -RRB- , is how they will react and interact with one another in battle . Each character has his or her own attitude and way of thinking . You 'll easily fall in love with these characters.The biggest strength of Tales of Legendia though is without a doubt , the battle system . It 's real time battling , mixed with a sort of Action/Adventure appeal . That is to say , you actully run up to an enemy and start attacking as if it really were an action/adventure title . It 's fun , intense and well executed . You can only control one character at a time . The other characters in battle are controlled strictly by AI . AI usually has a bad reputation in RPGs . Not in Tales of Legendia . Your AI characters are actually smart , and they stick around for a while . You 'll actually come to see that they 're good at keeping themselves alive . It easily works out to the point where you do n't have to babysit a weak character.Each character also has Eres . Magic abilities that cost magic points to use . These attacks are devasting and beautiful . Your characters have several kinds of Eres they can perform on enemies , and they 'll get more and more . And each one is more beautiful and more devastating than the last.You can take advantage of the battle system by the combos as well . As you and your allies take on the monsters you 'll be able to get some pretty high combos . Not only do combos work to cancel or slow down enemies , but the higher your combo , the bigger bonus experience bonus you 'll get . If you 're really good , you 'll get several experience points just off combos alone.There are a lot of battles in Tales of Legendia . This is good because battling is fun , but it 's also bad because they 're random battles . Dungeons tend to be long and drawn out -LRB- with a lot of backtracking -RRB- and the encounter rate is high . You 'll have lots of fun battling , but you 'll be begging for a break . It might 've been best to stick with contact based battles like in Tales of Symphonia.The Random Encounter rate also does n't help when moving around on the world map , either . Since you move rather sluggish on the world map , you 're just asking for a lot of battles . Walking across the world map is simple , but using the map provided can be tough sometimes . Towns do n't make themselves that well known . So if you 're traveling to a town , you might find yourself walking on the wrong side of a mountain range and not know it because it was n't clearly pointed out on the world map . This is a minor problem , though , and probably wo n't frustrate you . Although the random encounter rate might start to eat at even the most patient gamers.Tales of Legendia is a beautiful game . Every area shines with beautiful detail . You 'll be in awe with these graphics from the moment the game opens up . Everything is bright and colorful , and the game does n't suffer from any framerate issues . The characters are also detailed , and some of the story plays out in animated cutscenes . The music is also really good . One of the most beautiful soundtracks you 'll hear in an RPG . The characters voices are also well performed . This is some of the best voice acting in a video game.Tales of Legendia is worth it . With an incredible story , remarkable characters , engaging battle system and astounding beauty , the casual RPGer should be awe-struck throughout.The Good + Beautiful Graphics + Great Soundtrack + Engaging story + Beautifully developed characters + Top-notch voice acting + Tons of extras and secrets + Incredible Battle System , I 've never had more fun with an RPGThe Bad-There 's only one con that sticks out . When you mix the high random encounter rate with the length of these dungeons and sluggish movement on the world map , even the most patient RPGers will lose it ... but it 's easily resolved with a FUN battle system !
 First I 'll have to say that I admit I 'm really getting into Namco 's `` Tales of ... '' . Of course , even though I 've played various other RPGs over the decade -LRB- namely , Final Fantasy , Xenogears , Valkyrie Profile , etc. -RRB- along with the first Tales game released in the US -LRB- Tales of Destiny . See my review for feedback on that game -RRB- I played enough games to be able to see which is fun and which is a big baloney among all hyped RPG releases . I once loved the Final Fantasy series until I 've figured out that not all games from that series are as good as the hype they generate -LRB- especially the recent releases -RRB- . On the other hand , the `` Tales of '' series has a better record for me when it comes to what games should be
 I 've been awaiting Tales of Legendia since its US release was announced , and I 've not been disappointed . ToL is a pretty engaging experience , and is a nice change from the turn-based rpgs I play . It has some weak spots , and it might not be for everyone , but I 'm having a blast playing it . As of the time that this review is being written , I 'm playing through the Character Quests , so I 'm not quite done yet.ToL starts when Senel and his sister Shirley wash ashore the Legacy , a huge ship that looks like an island . Shirley is prophesized to be the Merines , and is said to be the key to unlocking the Legacy 's secrets . Thusly , many different people are after her for their own gain . The game starts out with Senel and his party members doing the whole `` save the kidnapped damsel '' thing quite a lot . At first the plot seems rather dry , but it does eventually pick up steam and become something a bit more epic.The story is more character driven than I 'm used to seeing in rpgs -LRB- I 'm looking at you , Shadow Hearts
 Tales of Legendia ReviewI admit I was a little skeptical of Tales of Legendia when I saw the first news of its existence . At first glance , I felt that I would hate the character designs and the gameplay seemed to have regressed backwards a generation . Fortunately , time passed , and these were largely unfounded concerns . Tales of Legendia , while not a perfect game by any standard , holds its own against it 's predecessors Tales of Symphonia and Tales of Eternia , adding it 's own flair to the mix.Characters and StoryTales of Legendia seems to be one of those things where first impressions are usually negative and then they get better . Without going into too much detail , the storyline is intense and fast moving with lots of twists and turns . The entire game takes place on a large island that acts as a ship , created by the Kingdom of Terises . However , as Senel and his comrades soon discover , there is much hidden they do n't know about the origins of the Legacy and the villains who will do anything to have its power . Every one of the main characters is thoroughly developed , especially Senel and Chloe , and they grow over the course of the adventure . With Senel , you a change from a brash , young marine to somewhat of a leader figure as he copes with his mistakes , past and present . The story is divided into two sections , a main quest and optional character quests , which contain some of the best written dialog in all the series.However , I felt that much remained unanswered in the main quest that needed to be answered before the optional parts began . While the character development is deep for the protagonists , I can not say the same about the antagonists and some NPCs . Very few of the bad guys in the first arc appear to be more than the average cruel henchmen of an overlord bent on helping him in world conquest . Only a handful of Ferines , a faction aboard the Legacy , were developed at all , those integral to the storyline.GameplayFirst , Tales of Legendia was created by a separate team than Tales Studio , so there are some changes in the mechanics . The gameplay in Tales of Legendia consists of the standard exploring dungeons , cutscenes , running back to town , and then the progression of the story , sometimes in a different order . Since the world is one big ship , it is not very large , and thankfully , there are teleportation ducts that provide a shortcut between the various points on the Legacy and the home city of Werites Beacon . Battles are similar to Tales of Eternia with a single line of battle . Because Senel fights with his fists , the battles feel much tighter and intense than Tales of Symphonia . They are also very accessible for newcomers to the Tales series , and I found myself racking up 20 combo attacks with ease . One of the innovations is the idea of Chaotic Fields where higher level monsters lurk guarding a treasure like a powerful weapon or piece of armor . Unlike other games , Legendia makes you work for your upgrades.Negatively , I did not enjoy the dungeon design of this game . Primarily , they involve a fairly linear path through a dungeon , ending with a puzzle booth in which you must solve a simple block pushing or beam reflecting puzzle to advance to the next level . To me , it seems to be an artificial way of introducing puzzles into the action . A better way would be to insert the puzzles directly into the process of progressing through the dungeon ; for example , toppling a large piece of debris to get across a river . There are some flaws with the battle AI , also . In boss battles , melee characters tend to run headlong into enemies without regard for falling back when their health is low . This is sometimes frustrating if one is counting on them to hold the line for the casters.Audio and Visual.Tales of Legendia is the series first step into true polygonal 3D graphics , and they have done a good job making the leap . All of the characters , as described in some of the early Japanese bonus material , are motion captured , so their movements are smooth and natural . In an attempt to create an exotic world , the environments are elaborately decorated with many curves and colorful lighting for some areas and a more technological setting that seems to have been pulled out of the corridors of a space ship . One look at a level like the Great Hollow , one can tell the detail Namco put into crafting the world . The characters , though , are somewhat lacking in detail , since they are small compared to the environments.Many people complained about Tales of Symphonia 's synthesized soundtrack , and they will be pleasantly surprised to hear that Namco has worked with the New Japan Philharmonic Orchestra to bring the players an orchestrated soundtrack . Every location 's music is aptly suited from the quiet of Werites Beacon to the tense moments on the battlefield as Senel marches forward . Another thing to point out is there is one song that is constructed in Relares , the artificial language used in the game . It , along with some others , brings the player into the realization that this truly is another world.LocalizationPeter Garza , localization manager at Namco , did a fantastic job as he took the helm of translating it . The character 's voice actors are properly chosen and fit the personalities . None of the voices are annoying and the dialog is without any major errors . While those people who have imported the Japanese version will lament the exclusion of TAO by Do As Infinity for the opening , the new instrumental song synchronizes cleanly with the opening movie . There are no Japanese voices , but with the talented English voice acting , I did not seem to mind . One major fault in localization was , due to budget constraints , the voice overs in the character quests and the voice of Mimi Bread the baker are missing . After a few hours in the thoroughly emotional character quests , I have not found this to be a large issue . The localization was a step above Tales of Symphonia and sets a new standard for the series internally.ConclusionIn conclusion , I feel Tales of Legendia , while it has it 's flaws , is still a worthy game by most standards . It has a fluid , intuitive battle system , an emotion filled story , enticing environments , and the best localization a game in this series has received . On the other hand , the linear dungeons , fragmented sections of the story , and underdetailed character models may be a drawback for some players . I would recommend Tales of Legendia to both fans of anime role playing games and people who are just getting into this series .
 To be totally honest , Tales of Legendia is , in terms of overall features , a disappoint compared to other Tales games . It lacks the multiplayer component of other modern Tales games , and just does n't feel as fast paced or fun as the others.Tales of Legendia follows Senel Coolidge and Shirley Fennette -LRB- might have spelled that wrong -RRB- as they crash land on a strange island , seemingly in the middle of nowhere . The island is actually a large , ancient ship with quite past . The two are separated , and as Senel continues to follow Shirley 's tracks , he learns a lot more than he could have ever imagined.The story , while hardly mediocre , is n't as long or epic as Tales of Symphonia 's or Abyss 's . At least , not in my opinion . The main playthrough is , however , supplemented by a series of character stories that delve into the characters ' past and help flesh them out.Legendia may be a sharp departure from typical Tales fashion , but in some ways , its a good thing . Though the game does n't bring too many new things to the table , it still maintains a few pluses . The biggest plus about this game that I can conclude is that , in terms of presentation , the game is beautiful . The incredibly colorful graphics display the characters and environments in a very fantastical fashion . In addition , Legendia has what is , in my opinion , the very best soundtrack in the series . Really , I ca n't say this enough , its just chock full of beautiful and emotion filled songs.The end result is , playing through Tales of Legendia feels like some sort of cheerfully wonderful dream that you just dont want to end.Pros : + The game is presented beautifully + The soundtrack is one of the best I 've heard in a game + One new and interesting combat mechanic is Senel 's ability to grapple enemies . I did n't start using it until late in the game , but its amusing , and does massive damage for a `` standard '' arte . + Characters are very likable , with good dialogueCons : - Not everyone will like how different Legendia is from other Tales games-Combat is sluggish compared to Tale games '' signature fast-paced hack n slash nature-No multiplayer-Story is generally uninteresting-Random encounters
 There are many titles in the Tales series , yet most of them are relatively unknown outside of Japan . Only a few other titles in the series have made it over to North America , and of those games , only Tales of Symphonia has been successful so far . Tales of Legendia , the fourth game in the series to be on PlayStation 2 , also happens to be the fourth game of the series to reach North America , and it is arguably one of the best in the series.Although it is a part of Tales series , Tales of Legendia is rather different than the rest of the games . Unlike the others , it was not created by Namco Tales Studio ; it was done by a new team containing some of the folks that worked on Soul Calibur . As a result , many things typical of the series are different in Tales of Legendia , but that is not necessarily a bad thing . For example , Tales of Legendia uses a character designed , Kazuto Nakazawa , and a composer , Go Shiina , that no other game in the series had , yet every other game in the series used the same people over and over.Anyway , he story of the game starts with Senel and Shirley , a girl he calls sister , drifting at sea for some reason or another . They are under attack by monsters , but Senel manages to take care of them . Moments later , their ship wrecks on what appears to be an island . However , Senel quickly found out that they were not on an island ; they were on a giant ship known as the Legacy . Soon after their arrival , a mysterious youth attempts to kidnap Shirley , only to be thwarted by another kidnapper who called her the `` Merines , '' and that 's how the journey begins to solve the mystery of Shirley and the Legacy . At this point , Chapter 1 of the Main Scenario begins . The Main Scenario , which focuses on Senel and Shirley , consists of seven chapters , but completing Chapter 7 does not mean the end of the game . The Main Scenario is followed by the Character Quests , which tie up the loose ends about characters other than Senel and Shirley . The setup of the chapters gives the story an interesting pace which gives it an action-packed feel.Tales of Legendia , like nearly every game in the Tales series , uses a form of the series ' Linear Motion Battle System . In this case , it is the X-LiMBs , or Crossover Linear Motion Battle System . Unlike most games of the role playing genre , the battle system is active , and you fight your battles similar to a fighting game . As the name implies , combat takes place on a straight line . You move back and forth along this line , controlling a single character ; the computer controls the remaining party members , but you can use control the settings for how each character behaves in battle . You can attack with basic skills such as punches or kicks with Senel or slashes and thrusts with Chloe , but there are also special abilities to make things more interesting . This incarnation of the Linear Motion Battle System does have some new features of its own . One new feature is Climax Mode . As you take or deal damage , the gauge fills . The rate at which the gauge fills , though , depends on your current situation ; if you 're losing a fight badly , for example , then the gauge will fill extremely fast . In addition to Climax Mode , you can also perform a Climax Combo if you have four party members when you entered Climax Mode . Another new feature is the ability to pass through enemies ; by pressing down next to an enemy , you can pass through the enemy to get behind it . Despite these new features , some may not find the battle system as interesting as that of Tales of Symphonia due to the two-dimensional nature.In this game , there are two types of special abilites called Eres . One type is Iron Eres , which are physical skills , and the other type is Crystal Eres , which are spells . A user of Eres is referred to as an Eren . It may seem a bit odd to use these terms for special skills , but the name stems from a language used in the game known as Relares . Many things in the game use this language , such as Fennes , which Shirley 's last name . Anyway , Iron Eres are rather simple to understand ; when you reach the right level , you learn a Base Eres . If you use a Base Eres fifty times , then you master it ; by mastering two Base Eres that are compatible , you can learn an Arcane Eres , which is a combination of the two Base Eres involved in learning it . An Iron Eren also has the ability to use mastered Eres to create new , custom Eres . What 's created depends on the character . For example , Senel gains can create various throwing skills through this , but they only work on certain races of monsters . As for Crystal Eres , they 're slightly more complicated . When you reach a certain level , you gain the ability to learn a new Crystal Eres . To be able to use it , however , you have to get the specified number of Eres Stones , which are also called Sculptures . Eres Stones are divided by race , and they are dropped by enemies in battle.Another classic feature in Tales of Legendia is cooking , but it was changed a bit in this incarnation . This time around , it 's all about baking . Rather than cooking on the fly , you have to bake bread in advance at bakeries or ovens . Rather than a Wonder Chef , we now have Mimi , the Wonder Baker . Mimi is a bit odd , but as a result , the encounters with her are rather interesting as well.This is the second game in the series to use three-dimensional graphics , and it pulls it off rather well . At first , the graphics seem rather childish , but once you start to play the game , it starts to work with the presentation and comedy . It becomes interesting to see the cute little characters interacting in the vibrant environments and such . The graphics in battle are also rather well done , especiall the motion . For the motion in battle , they used motion capture ; real actors were used to create the characters ' movements , and as a result , the characters move almost as if they were real people . In addition to the three-dimensional graphics , some important scenes are animated . There are quite a few animated scenes in the game ; Tales of Legendia has twenty-one in total , which is more than any other game in the series has had.As stated earlier in this review , the composer this time around was Go Shiina rather than usual people . This gives the game 's music a very different feel than the others in the series , but that is n't necessarily a bad thing ; Tales of Legendia arguably has one of the best soundtracks in the series . Most of the themes have a distinct orchestral feel , and eight of the songs were even performed by the New Japan Philharmonic . There are also some vocal songs in the game , such as `` my tales '' or `` Hotarubi , '' and they also work well with it.On the subject of sound , the voice acting is also rather well done . The voice actors play their roles well for the most part , and unlike a lot of English voice acting in games , it is n't annoying . Unlike Tales of Symphonia , even the skits have voice acting this time around . There 's only one problem with the voice acting ; unlike in the Japanese version , only the first half of the English version is voiced . Once you reach the Character Quests , you 're pretty much doen with voice acting . It 's disappointing to suddenly have no voices after the Main Scenario , but it was cut due to business decisions . Despite this , the voice acting in the Main Scenario is still rather well done.Where this game really shines , though , is in its character development . At first , the characters may seem odd to you , especially with the look and feel of the original character art , but when you play the game , you 'll grow to love the characters . The presentation is simply wonderful , and it gives you a real feel for the characters . Tales of Legendia has the best character development in the series by far.All in all , Tales of Legendia is a great game . The gameplay may not be quite as good as that of some of the games in the series , but it makes up for that with its wonderful character development ; the game also features great music and voice acting , and the story will keep you wanting more . If you own a PlayStation 2 and like games with interesting stories and character , then you 'll probably enjoy playing Tales of Legendia .
 Yes , this games has a lot against it
 So I know there has already been reviews from user like Michelle that point out a lot of the flaws in the game , but they also compare it directly to other Tales games . What I wanted to do was point out how great the game is as stand alone title instead of focusing on the fact it has `` Tales '' in it 's title.I honestly must say that some gameplay in the game is shallow , like the cooking which I never actually used . The game though has a lot to offer which I want to sum up in my short review.The graphics are extremely inviting and colorful . I love this in Role Playing Games . Exploring towns was a real treat especially with an outstanding soundtrack to follow it . The composer really created the perfect combination of techno and orchestra music together to make a vibrant and excellent soundtrack . The composer even threw in a good deal of Jazz which really compliments the situations it 's used in . I personally have a large interest in Anime and get really relaxed when I get to sit down and watch a great one like Trigun , CowBoy Bebop , etc , so exploring the towns , environments and the great humor of this game was a real treat.I do n't have a lot of time in my day . I am married and I have a 3-month-old son . Sitting down and demanding an RPG that requires me to invest hours and hours into it with a slow evolving story just does n't work for me anymore . This game moved fast and kept my interest for the 5 minutes to the 2 hours I could afford to play it during my weekdays . My Wife even loves to sit down and play it . I think the fact that it is has a bit shallower gameplay than the average or above average RPG fanatic enjoys makes this game really appeal to people with a full schedule . I enjoyed the perfect mix of gameplay , customization and story development and would recommend it for ANYONE that is looking for a great way to pass the time and put a smile on their face.With the great graphics and graphic style , the excellent soundtrack -LRB- btw the customer submitted picture that mentions that the music is cool in that area ; that song is called `` The Bird Chirps , I Sing '' by an artist named
 Tales of Legendia is one of numerous sequels in the Tales series . First hitting stores in 1995 , Tales of Phantasia debuted on the SNES setting the stage for one of the most popular RPG series . As the years followed , more sequels found their way to different systems . Some of the games were pretty successful , and yet others crashed and burned . Sadly , North America has only received a few of these and the majority of the PS1 releases were far inferior compared to their Japanese counterparts.The story of Tales of Legendia is a great one to say the least . The story follows a young Eres Master named Senel Coolidge and his sister Shirley as they drift lost at sea . Eventually , their food and water supply depletes and the couple must quickly find land . When they stumble upon and island , they soon find out that the island is a ship named `` Legacy '' and they must unravel the mystery that surrounds it.Following the great story that most Tales games have is a very unique gameplay that will probably leave most hardcore RPG gamers playing for hours . The gameplay of Legendia has went back to the roots of the early Tales series . For one , the game is moving away from the force gauge and it 's multiple line of combat and now using just a single line of battle that makes the game a lot easier to follow and understand.Now there are a lot more changes in the gameplay from Tales of Symphonia than that . A huge point in the gameplay is the Climax System . In this , throwing out and receiving some damage can fill a meter . Once the meter is full , a simple push of the L1 button will activate the Climax System which leaves the enemies frozen in their tracks and will allow you to unleash some major damage on them . Now if you push the button twice , a special signature or special move will be preformed and dish out some major pain to the enemy.Another new feature in the game is the ability to sneak around enemies and avoid battles with them . This is great if you 're low on health or just do n't feel like fighting . Now this feature is completely based on timing and not as much as skill . Another nifty feature is called `` throwing '' . Throwing allows you to shoot out some long-range shots and do some major damage from a far distance.Tales of Legendia also offers some amazing graphics . As you can see , the anime like styles bring a great feel to the game . The characters are also very well drawn out bringing every little detail there is to offer . Now if this was n't enough for you , he areas and land designs are sheer amazing . You can clearly see everything there 's to offer in great design and great detail . Also the 3D designs in most views are pretty sweet . For the most part , Namco did a great job designing the graphics.However , the gameplay has take a back seat to the very disjointed story . I feel as though the game were thrown together by different teams -LRB- or team members -RRB- , and was never properly organized to have a true purpose . The storyline feels quite stunted . For instance , in the opening sequence we see that Shirley is harmed when she comes into contact with seawater . OK ... well then why does she go outside ? * spoiler Shirley is kidnapped , and it seems none of the characters can save her let alone saw the kidnapper coming . This smacks of sillyness & it makes the story a bit hard to believe . The dialogue also seems out of place at times ... I wo n't spoil the game but I hope you can twist your head to understand some of the character interactions.Tales of Legendia tries very hard to make sense , looks pretty , and has a good theme but ultimately fails to satisfy . I look forward to Namco bringing out another Tales game and making things right . TOL does n't accomplish the same high level of quality of previous games . I give it 3/5 stars .
 The characters are awesome -LRB- officially -RRB- . The game 's really exciting - you should get it.About characters - they each have their own character quest after the main part of the game . That way you 'll know more about them.It is awesome .
 well basically all i had to say was already -LRB- ... -RRB- in the reviews , and all i can say is that if you have the chance , play tales of symphonia first . this is a way different experience imo . oh and ignore the kid 's review . so what if their weapons are funky . that dose n't matter .
 Tales of Legendia is a breath of fresh air and an old friend all at the same time . It brings back the familiar elements of a Tales series , but seems to stand apart from the rest as a unique experience.First , I 'll mention the familiars . Legendia keeps the quirky skits , the deceivingly cute monsters , the usual restorative items , the real time battle system , and the recipe collections . It also shares a lot of the same themes seen in most of the other Tales stories , e.g. , the recurrence of racism , a world-threatening disaster , etc.While keeping all these similarities , Legendia still manages to feel like a game not connected to the series at all . The characters , while being a little stereotypical , still feel believable , and the voice acting for them helps it . Their stories are heartbreaking , and I truly loved all of them.Then there 's the music . Instead of Motoi Sakuraba , the composer for Legendia is Go Shiina . He provides a refreshingly different score that was much needed in the Tales series . Although Sakuraba is talented , much of the Tales music sounds like Tales music . There 's nothing overly unique about each game 's soundtrack . Shiina 's work in Legendia is not only a fantastic soundtrack on it 's own , but , hopefully , proof that there can be different styles of music in a Tales game.Now , Legendia is n't perfect . The fact that the character stories in the game are not voice acted is a letdown , and the battle system feels like a step back from Symphonia 's -LRB- HOO HA EAT THIS -RRB- . However , this does n't stop it from being one of my favorite games in the series . The flaws are easy to ignore due to the amazing work elsewhere in the game.Tales of Legendia is a welcome addition to the Tales series as well as a game that stands out from the rest of the series .
 Good product . No Problems . Originally for dreamcast . I noticed some slowdowns in places where there was a lot going on . But that is to be expected for ports to the playstation . Also some slowdowns between menus and whatnot .
 This game was my favortie ever . I 've played through it many times , I never get sick of it . I only have a little video game time every night so it feels like living with the characters when you hear them a bit every day . It 's funny thats how it was with my first play through . Their personalities were so beleivable . The only one that really got to me was Shirley . She 's a pain in my behind.All the characters are lovable though and crack me up . You got ta grin listening to Moses and Jay fighting and then look and you see that they 're ALWAYS standing enxt to each other . That was always cute to me . My friends and I do that sometimes.The battle system was nothing like I 've ever seen before ! It 's AWESOME . It 's like a fighting game , and a musashi games fighting mixed lol . The battles are actually FUN ! I hate them usually . It 's a good fact that most of the game is storyline and not just figting . The games story is good , and still leaves just enough room for the fangirls to throw their fics in there in the time gaps . It really is a good fanfic game.The voice acting was great , I wish the character quest voiceover thing was n't so pricet , else I 'd buy it . Only half the game has voicing ... that was disapointing . When I save up enough , though I 'm buying those CDs . My friend and I got together and made our own `` dub '' of the second half of the game ... I swear she looked truly frightened when I was `` doing the Solon voice '' . That ... man ... The graphics are cute , and fun to draw if your into fanart too . And I LOVE the sountrack . Awesome . And very suiting . And the Sunny-Side-Up monster . I draw him on stuff . XD
 I love the tales line and was so happy to see another one out . Its divided into 2 main games . The first one is great fun and the plot as well as game play is wondeful -LRB- not gon na provide any spoilers -RRB- . Then just when your thinking what !? its over already ... they hit you with the 2nd section ... . Where you find out more about the people and the reasons they are as they are ... Makes replaying it all the more fun the next time around ... . I hope my little review helps .
 Tales of Legendia is a lot like the recent Tales of Symphonia . All of the `` Tales '' games have been very similar and they 've made suddle changes each game that makes each one play a bit differently . There are many good things about this game.One of the best things about the game are the graphics . At first , you might hate them . The first dungeon looks terrible in my opinion , however over the game the graphics improve . Some of the dungeons are extremely well done , and each one has a different style . The character designs themselves are really good . At first I was a little bit put off , but after a few battles they grow on you.Another great thing about the game is the voice acting . Practically the entire game has voice acting -LRB- with the exception of random npcs in towns and a few lines here and there -RRB- . Senel has a very good voice actor . One of the best I 've heard in a long time . Vaclav also has a great voice actor , as he kinda sounds like Jeremy Irons.The battles are like the other tales games . You run left and right and perform combos . There are some interesting new additions to the battle system . One of them is the ability to combine various abilities into a new ability . You wo n't do this often , but the new abilities you create can be very powerful against certain creatures.The story is good . It is cliched , but it is well done . There are interesting characters and a very interesting relationship between the main character and his sister . The game is long enough so you develop a lasting attacthment to the characters.I would highly reccomend that any fan of the Tales games picks this up . I do n't think it will stand the test of time , but it 's definetly a great RPG right now .
 hey i just bought this game yesterday from Ebgames and man shocked how good of a job that Namco did , better then Tales of Symphonia and Tales of Destiny 2 . the graphics are cool the characters the story everthing . If u like any these series then its worth getting this oneStory 5/5Graphics 5/5Gameplay 5/5
 Tales of Legendia Review3/5/06By Dack.Tales of Legendia , is the newest entry in the `` Tales of '' series to come to North America . ToL features an all new battle system , that feels like a fighting game , a awesome new story , and some nicely done anime cut scenes . The game starts out when Senel , the hero of the story , and his sister , shirley are in the ocean on the bring on sinking when all of a sudden , a wave pushes them onto the shore of a giant ship . Soon after shirley gets kidnapped , and that 's where the adventrue begins . The game plays diffrent then any game I have played before . It 's a pretty open ended world . There is one big town , which you can warp too , to buy any suplies you might need . When you first go to a area , you can open up the vent , which lets you warp there anytime you want , which cuts down on travel time.I really did n't expect ToL to be a great RPG . But I was pleasently mistaken . ToL is one of my favorite RPG 's , and is in my top 10 for sure . The game draws you in and never lets go . There are n't any spectacular Cut Scenes , or insaine plot twists , but it 's a funny enojyable innovative RPG . The battle system , is meant to be like a fighting game , and it is interesting , but in the end , it 's hitting the same two buttons over and over , which makes it a little too repetative . The coolest race of people are in this game , The oresoren . The oresoren are little Fuzzy Creatures , who are good at building things * ors ors * ! The soundtrack in this game is suits it , and is very enjoyable as well . The main story line can be cleared in about 30 hours , and the character quests in about 20 or so.In closing , Tales of Legendia is the best RPG of 2006 so far . If you are a longtime RPG fan , or new to the series , you will want to check this game outStory
 Another tales game though the oddball game of the series still enjoyable and i love it , those silly moles hah !
 One of the better RPGs -LRB- in my really humble opinion -RRB- , not just by Bandai-Namco nor just for the Playstation 2 , but a great game altogether . Has great music , great voice-acting , great plot , and is very fun to play.Recommended for any and all RPG collectors !
 Personally , I ended up buying this game because I was a completionist and wanted to play as many Tales games as possible from the series . The reviews for the game were mediocre -LRB- what reviews there were at the time -- it was hard to find anything about the game , to be honest -RRB- . I have to say though , I was pleasantly surprised.The battle system is probably the worst part of the game . If that makes or breaks the game for you , and you were n't a fan of the battle systems in Tales of Phantasia or Tales of Eternia , then avoid this game , because the battle system is similar , despite the fact that it came out AFTER Tales of Symphonia . That aside , the music and the storyline in this game are top-notch . I have a hard time thinking of a game in the series with a better soundtrack , though some are close.This game might require a bit of patience for anyone used to the newer battle systems , but I think it 's worth the experience .
 Let me start off by saying ... Tales of Legendia is NOT made by Tales Studio . It 's made by the folks that bring the Soul Calibur games to life , so for the differences that people see between this game and any other Tales game , that is why . A different studio worked on this game.But that does n't make Tales of Legendia any less amazing ; actually , I think that makes it more unique and able to stand on its own . Tales of Legendia is unlike ANY Tales in the ENTIRE flagship series and that is both a blessing and a curse . The cutesy 2D avatars do look a little odd after playing games like Tales of Symphonia or Tales of the Abyss , but I assure you , Legendia is very much worth the purchase . And if nothing else , all Tales fans should buy this game just to show Baba-san that the West supports the series and very much wants Tales to succeed in the States.Anyway , I wo n't rehash on the story because all the other reviewers covered it . What I will say is that ToL has one of the BEST casts in all of the Tales games , and you will fall in love with each and every one of them . My favorite Tales character of all time is Chloe Valens , the knight who fell from grace after her parents were killed . Buy this game and you can fall in love with her too !
 In my opinion , I think the Tales series out shines the Final Fantasy and other rpg franchies in many ways . The battles are fun , the characters are funny , graphics are georgeous , music is terrific , story is great , and I do n't have to always `` fight in the menue system '' by constantly acessing it in order to do fight and do other things . I always have a blast playing Tales games , this is my third game in this series that I played , and im happy to have played this one . A very fun game .
 I must say at first I did not like how the battles where but the story line was enough to make me cry ... TWICE . It is a beautiful game for those who are Tales fans it is a must have !!
 Story
 tales of legendia is the greatest game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a huge tales of fan you wont be sorry
 So to start off I loved this game . It has one of the best stories in the `` Tales of '' franchise . The first Tales game that I played wasTales of Symphonia . I went into it with mediocre expectations , and I was really surprised at how amazing it was ! The graphics were n't as good as many other JRPGS that I was playing aat the time -LRB- Final Fantasy X , which I believe came out around the same time -RRB- , but what really got me was the story -LRB- not going to go into this anymore because this is about Legendia -RRB- . But anyway , after I beat Symphonia I happened to go up to the video store and say `` Tales of Legendia '' . I kind of stared at it like ` Is this a continuation or something ? ' So I rented it played it for about an hour , went up to the nearest gamestop and bought it.The story of the game is pretty straightforward it about a brother and sister -LRB- Senel and Shirley -RRB- crash landing on a ship known as the Legacy . Once there they get dragged into a plot for pretty much world domination by a power hungry prince who wants the ship for military purposes . Without going into any spoilers once the main story is over there are end credits and then these things called character quests start . Theres one for every character and it goes into all of their backgrounds and gives them all an extraordinary amount of depth that you do n't really expect from them . Overall the story is freaking amazing and it takes about 30-50 hours to complete depending on how much you actually want to play it.The characters are very ... quirky ? They all have unique personalities and silly chemistry with one another . Senel is the main character and he will do anything to protect his sister Shirley -LRB- he is the main character of the story -RRB- . Shirley is Senels younger sister with a weird condition where salt water gets her sick and fresh water makes her well again -LRB- she has a really weird body chemistry -RRB- . Will is the sheriff of the town on the Legacy , he 's very calm , cool and collected he 's pretty much the voice of reason for the group . Chloe is a knight of the noble Valens house who has an insane look on justice -LRB- she is pretty much the heroine of the story -RRB- . Norma is a treasure hunter who is searching for the mysterious ` Everlight ' and she 's willing to use anyone to do it . Moses is the local bandit leader who is all about family . Jay is a mysterious kid who knows everything about anything for a price . And finally Grune despite not having any recollection of her past is willing to fight with the party just because its right . The characters get more dept has you go through the story ... obviously . This was just a basic intro to them and their personality.The music of this game is unique . This game and one other Tales of game -LRB- Tempest I believe -RRB- are not composed by Motoi Sakuraba . This game is composed by `` Go Shiina '' . This games soundtrack can hold its own . Its very well done and epic at times , and sad at others . When a sound track can make you feel what the characters feel while its playing you know its a good one.The voice acting of the game is one of the best of the series . This marks the first appearance of `` Cup of Tea productions '' in the `` Tales of '' world . With the amazing director Wendee Lee -LRB- one of the most amazing american voice actors -RRB- this game an amazing cast that really give you the feeling that they actually care about the game . They all have really good chemistry with each other . Senel is voiced by Scott Holst . Shirley is voiced by Carrie Savage . Will is voiced by Cam Clarke . Chloe is voiced by Heather Halley . Norma is voiced by Tara Strong . Moses is voiced by Shiloh Strong . Jay is voiced by Steve Staley . Grune is voiced by Lara Jill Miller . The only problem with this game is , at the time of production Namco decided that it would be better if they dubbed the english and japanese games at the same time . Well they were wrong . Turns out that doing this murdered their budget to the point where only the main storyline , the anime cut scenes , and the battles were dubbed for wither game . In Japan the game was very well received and they released character quest cds with the entire second half of the game dubbed on it . Well here in America the game received poor reviews and many fans hated it because they wanted their precious Tales of the Abyss -LRB- a steaming pile of crap in my opinion -RRB- so even if they did have the money to release the cds here it would n't have made a difference.The battle system is a step back from Symphonia . It goes back to the more traditional 3d on 2d battle field . While its nice that the developers were returning to it , they made the battles drag on and on with enemies spamming spells and being immune to attacks and such . I 'm only really pointing out the bad in the system because there is n't a whole lot of good in it other then the Climax mode , which freezes time and lets you beat the hell out of your opponent and at the end you press L1 or L2 -LRB- I ca n't remember -RRB- and you release a very strong attack from all of your characters.The graphics of the game are pretty laughable . They go to full on 3d which is nice but the do n't really go out of one camera angle for the story . But to compensate for this they put in anime style busts going over the screen and they talk in the characters place . I 'm not entirely sure if I 'm explaining this right . * spoilers * -LSB- ... -RSB- That is the link to skits that this game has . That is what most of the story scenes look like . The game also has anime cut scenes which are breathtaking . These are all done by Production I.G.Overall the game is definitely worth buying if your a fan of the series or a fan of JRPGS in general . I hope that if you buy this game you will enjoy it as much as I did ^_^ Sorry for any typos that I missed .
 I found this game entertaining , and the battle systems was a new -LRB- ? -RRB- style that I found interesting , added to this is the fact that I adored the music . In my opinion the music itself is reason enough to buy the game .
 pros-one of the BEST soundtracks for a game , ever.-voices are pretty nice . - it 's a long game - decent storyline - has some anime cutscenescons-the 2d battle style - it can get repetitive and boring at some times .
 Tales Of Legendia is not as great a game as Tales of Symphonia or Tales of The Abyss . If you are a RPG fan , or an avid Tales fan though , this is a great game for you to buy.The characters are well thought out - each one has their own special personality , and a side quest of their own throughout the entire game . The interaction between some of the characters is comical , well others is just disappointing.The battle system for this game , is a bit like Tales of Symphonia 's . The enemies are not floating around the screen this time , so random encounters are back . The fighting style is a straight line - you can not decide which enemies to attack.The musical score in this game was a bit disappointing . It is not terrible , but I think that they could have done a much better job with it this time around.The sad thing about this tales game , is the lack of towns and dungoens . For the most part , you need to return to the same town over and over again . The map is small , and not as alrge as the other tales game series.The wonder chef/baker returns again in this game with all new recipes . Instead of cooking at the end of battle , you need to wait untill the main menu screen appears to be able and cook.Overall - I would recommend this game , but try another Tales game first
 This game 's story is easily the best story of all JRPGs . I tear 'd up during each of the game 's chapters!I actually picked up the JP version of this game because there 's more voice acting . -LRB- one of the pitfalls of the NA version is that they only voiced the first story arc -RRB- - Classic tales gameplay-Great story-Great musicBuy this game !
 This is the first Tales game I 've played , and I must admit it was a pleasent introduction to the Tales series . While I hear Symphonia is probably the best Tales game , I would n't know , atleast , not yet . I need to get a Gamecube to play it.However , Legendia was a hoot of a game to play . Yes , it does have some flaws , but every RPG has its handful of idiosyncrasy 's that must be tolerated.Legendia shines in its Character Cast . There are tons of funny sayings and ` suggestive ' conversations and themes . Characters consist of an overzealous Senel , the flimsy Shirly , the past haunted Chloe , The never-ending bickering between Jay and Moses , the boring and old Will , the flat chested ; selfish Norma , and of course , the best character -LRB- least IMO -RRB- in the game , the forgetful , mysterious , yet extremely powerful Grune - which I felt was an original RPG character , which is rare.Legendia 's story starts to shine when you get to do the Character Quest , which starts at the end of Senel and Shirleys main quest , which eats up the main chunk of the game -LRB- 35 hours or so -RRB- Senel and Shirleys quest starts of slow and irritating - the first 15 hours or so is basically you rescuing Shirley -LRB- who is ALWAYS being kipnapped -RRB- and thats pretty much it . The next 15 hours becomes alittle more interesting , but it is pretty cliched . If you can bare the first 15 hours or so , then do n't give up , it does get better . The Characters Quest make baring Senel and Shirleys main quest well worth it.The battle system is pretty much what everyone here has said . A 3d side scrolling battle system that involves melee units and spell casters . You can combine powers to make combos and combine combo 's to make `` arcane '' combos that do alot of dmg to particular enemies -LRB- ie , `` Killing Time '' does massive dmg to final boss -RRB- The Music is fantastic , a typical RPG score that offers moody ambiences , fast paced violin and guitar drivin songs , and piano and orchestral melodies.The voice acting is good . Some voices are extremly annoying , like the Oresorens , Shirleys , Norma , and some of the enemies have cheesy voices . But I 've seen much worst voice acting , so all things considered - its tolerable.The game took me 62 hours to beat in total . It 's no easy game , and does take some determination to get through - But I thoroughly enjoyed it and I would consider it a `` memorable '' RPG - like that alongside Kingdom Hearts and the Final Fantasy series .
 When I picked up my copy of Tales of Legendia I immediately set high expectations upon it . Why should n't I ? I had played through Tales of Symphonia multiple times , and beaten Tales of Destiny 2 as well as Tales of Phantasia . Luckily , Legendia did not disappoint me one bit.The first and most important thing to look out for in a RPG of course is the quality of the story . There is no mistaking that the story can be clich&eacute;d at times , however , not only is it able to present the story well despite this , the originality and uniqueness of the characters is able to make this a negligible point . What surprised me the most about the story is the amount of comedy that is put forth . Sure , the other games had some of it , but not nearly as funny as what 's shown in Legendia . It may seem like this would contradict the seriousness of the main story ; yet , the game is able to balance it out and keeps things from getting melodramatic . It was refreshing to play a RPG for once that was able to be serious without being too serious and was able to laugh at its characters and itself at times . The character development that is presented is astounding . As I progressed through the game , I began to connect with characters like Norma , Senel , and Chloe and I really cared about what was happening to each of them . The character side quests do a great deal too as they really flesh out each individuals back story which was nice as I was able to get a better feel from where the characters were coming from . One thing I would have liked to have seen however would be some different endings or at least different character endings added . Still , the new game plus feature is great , and along with scores of mini-games , side quests and others , it gives Legendia a ton of replay value.Some would say that the graphics are the weakest point of the game , this I would have to disagree with most passionately . Yes , the characters are not ultra-realistic looking ; however , the level of detail that was put into the sprites is well done . Not only that , but the backgrounds are simply stunning . The artistic flair with which this game utilizes will make you sit back and admire for quite sometime . So while it may not be the best graphics game , it is the one of the most beautiful and artistic games to have ever graced the Playstation 2 console . This is also not even mentioning Kazuto Nakazawa 's amazing character designs which rival other greats such as the legendary Tetsuya Nomura and Kosuke Fujishima who worked on Tales of Symphonia.The battle system is undoubtedly the first thing that comes to most peoples minds when they think of the Tales series , and while this does neglect that great stories that the series has told it is true that it does have an addictive battle system and Legendia is no different . There is n't too much that is different from the battle system in Symphonia , but the ability to throw characters , going back to the 2D feel after utilizing a more 3D looking one in Symphonia , and the improvement over the Unison Gauge known in Legendia as the Climax Gauge . I found the Climax Gauge to be far more interesting than the Unison one from Symphonia since not only were you able to rack up huge combos with it , it still allowed you to be able to use a combination attack featuring all four of the characters in your party known as a Climax Combo . It would have been nice however , if new Climax Combos could have been used depending on either what level your characters were or even which character you were in control of.Tales of Legendia most assuredly lived up to the expectations that lovers of the Tales series have undoubtedly put upon it . This is a game that should not just be enjoyed by fans of the Tales series , or even fans of real time battle systems , but instead should be enjoyed by all RPG fans . Though it may not be the first RPG to launch this year , it is definitely is an early contender for best RPG of the year despite the notable games coming out later this year . If you like your RPG 's to have a great story , well developed characters , amazing artwork , an awe inspiring score by Go Shina , and an awesome battle system and you have n't purchased Tales of Legendia yet , do so immediately , you wo n't regret it .
 I love air combat games , and it 's really impressive how good the graphics have gotten . Ace Combat 5 takes place in a fictional world , with real life planes . Of course , there are very clear similarities here - your team has all English names and phrases , while your enemy seems to have very Soviet sounding names . Their abbreviated names is the `` Yukes '' . You 're part of the 108th Squadron and you , with your wingmen , fly around in a variety of situations . You help defend a civilian airport against attack , having to shoot down the tanks and planes before the airport falls . You fly over a snow-filled arctic ocean , taking out submarines . It keeps you on your toes.I find it a bit amusing that all of the enemies here speak English - and none use coded channels . You can hear all of your enemies ' conversations and radio chatter while you fly around . So much for military planning ... The graphics are really quite impressive . You see every tilt of your plane 's flaps , the firing of your afterburners . The water , mountains , ice floes , cities all have an impressive level of detail , including shadows and lighting from the sun . The HUD helps to organize your attacks - at times it can seem a bit excessive , getting in the way of what you 're trying to see , but you get used to it.The cut scenes actually move the plot forward and have interesting insights into what is going on.The joystick controls might be good or bad for you depending on your playing style . I know some people who love them - but others who are used to their regular controller might find it hard to switch and get used to a new control system.The patch that comes with the set is rather large - it 's a full back sized patch and not a shoulder or front-pocket size . It 's about a full foot high . It has the dog logo on a blue field , with gold accents.Well recommended for fighting plane fans !
 Ace Combat 5 with Flightstick 2This is an excellent game and the Flight stick is amazing.If you really want to Ace these missions then this Flight Stick is a must for series gamers .
 this is the best game ever !!! I said to my self when I played it the first time on christmas day 2004 . I know every thig about fighter jets . And the first time I played shatterd skies I was hooked on all the ace combats . I beat the game last month flying the f-15c . the flight stick is great and very real looking.I know have beatin ace combat advanced and am waiting for ace combat zero
 It is the best flight stick for the Playstation 2 ace combat 4,5,6 . The flight stick will work with these games .
 this is the best game ever!its very hard though.i cant wait for ace combat zero.i have the demo disk.its spoused to be about the war 15 years ago they talk about.any way , this is a 27 level game , it takes about 10 hours to win.and get your tissues!you will cry.a little secret.i did.so , ace combat5 with flight stick , buy it.you will be amazed .
 This game is , in a word , GREAT . All children 10 and under will find hours of fun in this adventurous quest to `` beat the bad guys . '' You are represented on the screen by a three dimensional chameleon . Your mission is simple
 Came right on time . I used to rent it and play with my brother and wanted to relive some of my childhood
 This game is the best . The levels may be hard but after a while i was able to complete it .
 This is another one of those titles that is very fun , but never got the recognition it deserved in the gaming community . I had a blast playing this game and I think you will too if you buy it . costs about 10 dollars well worth the price .
 Rather , it is a type of game . Not a genre , although it happens with the majority of modern games . This type of game pretty much died out when saving became standard for all genres . Zero the Kamikaze Squirrel is the type of game that requires memorization and perseverance . This type of game you ca n't just pick up after months of not playing and do as well as when you left off . You need to keep trying , learn the levels , memorize where the one ups are , if you ever want to see the end of this game . But if you have the stamina , it can be fun and rewarding.This game along with Aero the Acrobat has sometimes been chastised as some cheap attempt to cash in on the success of the Sonic the Hedgehog . I just do n't see it
 Luxor
 After ZUMA 's success , a number of clones appeared - but the LUXOR series is the one that actually improved on some aspects of the concept.A series of colored balls -LRB- with the number of different colors increasing every few levels -RRB- gets pushed and you have to match them in sets of three or more in order to remove them - and prevent them from reaching the end zone . Instead of having the `` shooter '' in the center , it is located at the bottom and it slides left and right . This makes for some quite difficult shots -LRB- especially when obstructed by the advancing row of balls -RRB- and raises the difficulty of the game.On the other hand , the power-ups are more powerful , at the end of every round a number of coins and gems drop and `` catching '' them add lives to your paddle . It seems pretty straight-forward yet it can become highly ... addictive!Compared to the first installment of the series , LUXOR-AMUN RISING seems somewhat easier ; yet , it will fulfill the funs craving for more pharaohnic fun!This is an example of what has come to be known as Casual Gaming
 ... by blowing up things ! As a mature adult , I enjoy this game for easing my frustrations ! It 's easy to play and the graphics are lovely .
 This is a great game . Played the first Luxor . This is the updated version . A definate must play . A lot of fun .
 its a great way to past the time on a business trip or while setting at home.family
 This game is wonderful sometime i get in a stand still position but , i come out fighting and win .
 I bought this at the request of my retarded brother , who spends HOURS playing this game . Cheap at half the price !
 If you like one Luxor you need to have all of them . Love the different patterns and colors . Choose what you like and it gets even better . Once you start to play you do n't want to stop .
 I enjoy playing this game and the many levels it has.It can become very challenging and also exciting.I recommend it highly .
 World Heroes is a great fighting game and it is different from the other fighters in a few ways . It has good graphics , sound effects , control , and it is fun to play against your friends or your family . What makes it different from other fighters such as the Street Fighter series is that you can play the Original mode or you can pick Survival . The Survival option makes this game awesome . Instead of just fighting using punches , kicks , and special moves like you do in Street Fighter , Survival mode gives you more obstacles to overcome . There are mines on the ground that will engulf you in a huge flame if you land on it . There are also spiked walls and wrestling rings surrounded by electricity that you can have fun knocking your opponent into while you watch them burn to a crisp or get stabbed by the spikes.The only drawback to World Heroes is that it suffers from slowness , but really it goes good with the game . World Heroes 2 is even better than this one , but both of them are worth buying if you like great fighting games .
 world heroes is a fighting game that tried to do something different than street fighter , and does to a certain extent . it does not do it exceptionally well , however . the characters are not overtly interesting , and the gameplay is unoriginal . it is n't a bad game , but compared to the franchise 's second outing it is . there are two different styles of gameplay a death match and regular . all of this translates into something not too interesting . if you are a fan of the fighting genre this game is worth checking out . if you are looking for a great fighting game buy world heroes 2 .
 could even be the best fighting game for SNES ever!when i first got it i loved it !
 could even be the best fighting game for SNES ever!when i first got it i loved it !
 Before there was Soul Calibur there was Samurai Showdown . OK , so it 's sort of a lame comparison , but Samurai Shodown does make me think of Soul Calibur , because the similarities are there . It 's a fighting game where , instead of relying upon mere punches and karate kicks , you 're wielding broadswords and cleavers -LRB- though sometimes your weapon does get knocked out of your hands and you have to restort to fists and feet , which is a pretty cool touch of realism -RRB- . The characters are colorful and varied
 I was so amazed that the game is so brilliant . It provides many obstacles to a fighter once the video game masterer passes through one of his enemies in every stage of battling . In fact , anyone who has reached late adolescence or early adulthood in the 1990s will be very thrilled with this special kind of spitial skills . I bought myself the entire Sega game online after my birthday days have ended and gained some exprience in that area.Apparently , these games are no longer sold at nearby video game stores , so the only place for right now is the internet . All of the sudden , this a must own that you 'll actually enjoy !!
 I played this at an arcade in a city I was visiting once and this game just blew me away the graphics , everything . So when I found out they had it on sega/snes , I just had to get it . A perfect rendetion of it 's arcade counter part .
 Very fun retro game . It plays like street fighter and mortal kombat . It is way cheaper too . It lets you strategize more then just mashing buttons . I like it and recommend it to fighting game fans
 Wow , I ca n't believe I 'm the first person to review this game ! This is one of my old favorites . It 's another side-scrolling beat - 'em - up , but with some neat twists . In some ways it 's like just about every other -LRB- if not every other -RRB- side-scrolling fighter out there ; when you get hit you lose energy , and you replenish energy by picking up food items that you get from smashing objects , like barrels -LRB- defeated enemies also drop them -RRB- . But there are some cool things about it that set it apart from the rest -LRB- or most of them -RRB- . You start out fighting other people -LRB- in the first two stages -RRB- , but a little later on -LRB- in stage three -RRB- , you move on to fighting weird stuff like aliens and robots . The Blast Man has some really neat and often rather comical moves . He can spin around all over the screen hitting enemies and sending them off-screen ; swing enemies around by the hair -LRB- even if they have none ! -RRB- and give them a toss ; deal them a big , powerful wind-up punch -LRB- and possibly send the enemy clear out of the screen ! -RRB- , and more . Perhaps his most impressive move is the incredible Dynamite Punch , which damages all enemies on the screen -- and which he has a limited supply of ! -LRB- He can obtain more of them by picking up Super Gloves . -RRB- In addition to the food and Super Glove items , there is the Sonic Helmet , which give you an extra life , and money bags that add points to your score . -LRB- Another thing that makes this game different from other side-scrolling fighters is that there are no weapons , like baseball bats , knives , or whatever , that you can use ! But that 's not really a bad thing , because all of the cool moves make up for it ! -RRB- Also , in addition to the regular stages , there are bonus screens that you can go to after you beat stage bosses . I find this to be an overall really good game . One not-so-cool thing that sets it apart from most other games of this type is that it 's one-player only , but I still think it 's a lot of fun . My only real complaint is that I think it 's a bit too short . Another stage or two , and I would probably have given the game five stars for `` overall '' as well as for `` fun '' !
 this is the best video game ever made . It really dosent have anything to do with ice hocky and plays a little more like nba jam does except this game revolves around fighting and low forms of entertainment . The first thing youll notice is how silly the music is and the portraits of all the players you can choose from.Each player has a different special technique he can use to attack the other players with . as a player gets hurt from succesive beatings there portrait displayed at the top of the screen begins to look more humorus . If you can get 3 goals in a row you get a hat trick which is a cut sceen where a woman must kiss the guy that looks really goofy 3 times on the cheek . sometimes you can get in a side game fight if you attack the other person at the same time they attack you . in this senario you play a game similar to rock paper sicors where you must choose to either pull your head back to avoid a punch , do a basic punch , or do an upper cut punch which counts as 2 punches . the first to 10 punches wins . The other great aspects include a squid which is thrown on the ice durring the 3rd period which hampers your guy by stinging his rear end preventing him from skating around at full speed which is humorus and doing a power shot which sends the golly and the goal flying across the court . This is definately the goofiest game ever made which is what makes it so great .
 there were just so many good games on the Super Nintendo how else can you explain all these great titles never being played until 10 years after the console was off the market . now a days we release 2 many junk titles back in the SNES era you made a game 9 out of 10 times it was a good or great game . anyways little off topic , but yea this game rocks it costs about 10 dollars , so you definitely should pick up a copy !
 Its presentation is pretty accurate given the limitations of the Sega Genesis but one thing they eliminated from this version was the ability to purchase the steroid drinks that were in the original arcade game . My guess was the developer did not want to give kids the wrong idea about athletes and the way they play their game so they made a smart move and removed it from the game .
 Graphics - 4/5Shooting effects are somewhat bland , but backgrounds tend to be impressive.Game Control - 4/5Precise and responsive controls , but why hold 2 buttons to fire?Gameplay - 4/5Challenging and fast-paced , but still a little generic aside from a few twists.Story - 2/5There 's just not much here , but what is present is at least somewhat interesting.Music - 5/5Soundtrack is amazing , even when compared with others in the genre.Overall Score = 3.8 / 5Pretty darn good shooter , but just a little on the bland side in some areas .
 Fatal Fury was another one of SNK 's early outings and one of the only ones to be successful state side . FF2 was a vast improvement to the original FF because this time around , you could be several different characters besides the Bogard brothers -LRB- Andy and Terry -RRB- or Thai Kickboxing champ Joe Higashi.That added a lot more depth to the game . For those of you that remember most fighting games -LRB- besides Mortal Kombat -RRB- started out like that . The very first Street Fighter , you could only be Ryu , Art of Fighting , Robert or Ryo and as I said before Fatal Fury , The Bogard brothers and Joe Higashi . Notice as well that after they did that , they never did that again and let you be everyone in the story mode?FF2 was a good title . Lots of characters , easy to play , replay value was fairly high and the graphics and sound were pretty good as well . In any case , you could n't get tired of it unless you seriously had nowhere else to go in this game -LRB- beat it with everyone type of situation -RRB- . Cool game . I 'd pick it up or if you want to just go for the better version of this game , I would look for Fatal Fury 2 Special . You got to be the bosses and all of the characters were given Super Moves . Check it out ! You might be surprised if you are n't a SNK fan .
 This game is not on the difficult level of game play , but does require much thinking . It keeps me entertained with the uncanny comments of Flicker and Flame . I have n't quite finished it yet . Once you get stuck in a spot , you 're really stuck . I find this game fun and joyfull . It is recommended .
 This is the bes game I have ever played in my hole life I wanted this game for sony playstation but i can never find it any were christmas is almost here and if I dont get it for christmas iIwill order it here . I have alwas liked the game even though I beat the game 18 times I still find it a good chalenge . The thing I like about this game is you cant die or have to start over again . I think this game should be sold more it should be a bigger game so it isent so hard to find . I really want this game i have been looking for it for about 5 to 6 years . Thats what i think of this game .
 This game is great . It 's fun and funny . The characters are very creative . I love the story in the game . It is a hard game at some parts , but it is sooooooooooooooooooo much fun.I have it , but something happened to the disk so it 's not working anymore . I want to buy a new one for a good price . It is an old game , so the price should n't be too high . I hope some people will buy this game for their kids . They will love it . Trust me !!!
 I loved this game ! It was n't that difficult , but it was a fun game to play with the entire family . We received it as a gift many years ago , and we still talk about it to this day : -RRB-
 This is the closest any console game I 've played has ever gotten to matching an old fashion adventure PC game . Fun , funny and with great animation , blazing dragons is a great game . The voice acting adds layers to the game and matches each character perfectly .
 Hey to all who like this game as much as me . I really love this game . I got stuck at the part about the canary and I ca n't figure it out . It 's annoying when you ca n't figure it out . -LRB- ... -RRB- PS . I absolutely love this game cuz it is very intriguing .
 This game is funny , medium-hard , and altogether great . Why the half star taken away ? Well , despite it 's greatness , once you beat it , you never play it again . I say , it 's a great renter , but I do not recomend buying it .
 Samurai Showdown on SNES was better than the SEGA version . Why ? Because unfortunately , the SEGA version was a little choppy and a lot of the sounds were taken out . Also , the fat `` ninja '' who wore pink , Earthquake , was also left out . \ Granted yes the SNES version made no references at all to `` killing '' your opponent in the pre-match intros but who really paid attention to those ? Thought not.Anyway , the gameplay is pretty basic on here . Hack and slash , occasionally use a special move and cut your opponent in 2 . Like a lot of the fighting games of its time and now , it 's replay value is somewhat low depending on how into the series you are.Even so , Samurai Showdown was a good game . Give it a shot . Maybe see if a friend has it or if you still can , rent it .
 Samurai Shodown released by Takara for the SNES is awesome considering the era in which it was created . It is a bushido style fighting game mixed with special moves for the characters like the Street Fighter series . Best two out of three matches wins a duel . Each character is unique and there are many different kenpo weapons on display in this game from small razor-sharp sabers to massive scimitars . It is also possible to play as the end boss , Amakusa , in the Countdown and 2P versus modes ** code needed ** . My favorite character of the main selection is Tam-Tam , a Mayan warrior with a large , curved sword . Galford and Nakoruru have animal friends that assist them in battle , which is a cool feature . Galford has a dog/wolf and Nakoruru has a cormorant/falcon . Each character has a different reason for why they are seeking the energy orb that Amakusa possesses ... some for good , others for evil . One more special feature is that the computer is a learning computer , even on this version , meaning that if a player continues to use the same attack pattern , the CPU will learn how to counter it , even on easy mode . Mixing-up attacks and defensive stances will give greater yields of success . BOTTOM LINE
 This is a very fun fighting game and has many different elements compared to other fighters of its time aka street fighter , mortal kombat , etc. . I would recommend it to any fighting game fan or SNES collector .
 When I first saw samurai shodown for the SNES I was so amazed of the animations and the sword fighting play.Then some game company called SNK made samurai spirits as a remixed version of samurai shodown but , somehow SNK made the samurai spirits into better gameplay than Takara did.There was some characters that had better attacks but some were weak then ever!well you know that the secret character is Amakusa , and in the samurai spirits game there was two secret characters , one is Amakusa and two is this samurai called Kuroko -LRB- or Kuki for short . -RRB- well , it was not fair for this to happen in SNES version ... But at least the samurai shodown series will go on as a arcade hit to remember this for a long time now ...
 When I first saw samurai shodown for the SNES I was so amazed of the animations and the sword fighting play.Then some game company called SNK made samurai spirits as a remixed version of samurai shodown but , somehow SNK made the samurai spirits into better gameplay than Takara did.There was some characters that had better attacks but some were weak then ever!well you know that the secret character is Amakusa , and in the samurai spirits game there was two secret characters , one is Amakusa and two is this samurai called Kuroko -LRB- or Kuki for short . -RRB- well , it was not fair for this to happen in SNES version ... But at least the samurai shodown series will go on as a arcade hit to remember this for a long time now ...
 When I first saw samurai shodown for the SNES I was so amazed of the animations and the sword fighting play.Then some game company called SNK made samurai spirits as a remixed version of samurai shodown but , somehow SNK made the samurai spirits into better gameplay than Takara did.There was some characters that had better attacks but some were weak then ever!well you know that the secret character is Amakusa , and in the samurai spirits game there was two secret characters , one is Amakusa and two is this samurai called Kuroko -LRB- or Kuki for short . -RRB- well , it was not fair for this to happen in SNES version ... But at least the samurai shodown series will go on as a arcade hit to remember this for a long time now ...
 When I first saw samurai shodown for the SNES I was so amazed of the animations and the sword fighting play.Then some game company called SNK made samurai spirits as a remixed version of samurai shodown but , somehow SNK made the samurai spirits into better gameplay than Takara did.There was some characters that had better attacks but some were weak then ever!well you know that the secret character is Amakusa , and in the samurai spirits game there was two secret characters , one is Amakusa and two is this samurai called Kuroko -LRB- or Kuki for short . -RRB- well , it was not fair for this to happen in SNES version ... But at least the samurai shodown series will go on as a arcade hit to remember this for a long time now ...
 Think you 're good at Contra games ? Think again ! This game 's easily the most intense 2D Contra game available . Why 's that ? Play the first level and you 'll know exactly what I 'm talking about . While it 's fast-paced action throughout , do n't go thinking that you 're gon na beat this game in one sitting . Huge explosions and enormous bosses really push the power of the Sega Genesis to its limit . And the 2-player mode is the greatest ! Not that the 2-player mode 's gon na help you get any further , but it 's still really cool to play cooperatively with a friend . Four characters to choose from ! Four unique weapons per character ! Multiple endings ! Just play it . You 'll thank me later . Trust me .
 Konami 's -LRB- eventual , grudging ! -RRB- offerings on the Sega Genesis tend to be underrated and overlooked -LRB- Sunset Riders , Rocket Knight Adventures/Sparkster , Japanese anyway -RRB- ; they usually were available on the SNES as well . Here 's a game that did n't appear on the SNES and actually could not have appeared on that system ; here 's Contra
 This game is the definitive Contra game . Not only are there 4 characters to choose from , but there are several endings , path branches , and secret endings to uncover.This game is addictive , action packed , and incredible . My friend and I have been playing it sporadically over the past 6 years and we still havent gotten past the 4th mission 's final boss yet.Do yourself a favor and buy this game -- it 's the best of the entire series -LRB- better than Contra III , and thats saying A LOT -RRB- .
 If not for the insain level of difficulty found in this and others of its type , I would have given it five stars . The game takes place a few years after The Alien Wars -LRB- SNES -RRB- and you get your playing choice of a G.I.Joe-Duke-look-alike comando , a tough lady named Sheena -LRB- no , not Lady Sia ! -RRB- who wears cyber-metalic lingerie and somewhat resembles Nova from StarCraft Ghost , a werewolf with a gatlin-gun for an arm , and a cycloptic robot named Brownie . Each characters starts out with a machine gun but gets his/her/its own set of additional weapons via power-ups . To sum this all up , it 's a side-scroller that has you shooting everything up while trying not to get hit . You get 3 health points and 4 continues so be careful .
 overall this game is very innovative and has a style all its own but the translation to the console was lacking due to the other fighting games out at the time . As a die hard SNK fan I loved this game and you will too .
 This is one of the most classic fighting games of all time .
 I rented this game from Blockbuster and could n't put it down because it was great . The moves are cool , there is n't anything unrealistic , it is just martial arts . But after you beat the game you can get new costumes , new moves , and sounds . Choose from different characters and beat up on the rest . this game is one of my favorites . ...
 Dead or alive is a great game but it is a little to easy for me . The graphics are average and the gameplay is good . It is almost as good as the tekken series . The moves are pretty simple to pull off , but they are really cool . I would rent this game before you think about buying it .
 The best thing about this fighting game is the level of entertainment . The girls are cute with big bouncers which certainly antes up on Tekken 3 but the moves are n't sufficient enough to make this a complex game . But who cares?The value of this game lies its easy mobility of characters and sweet graphics . Tecmo deserves some praises for female fighting characters because there are n't enough of them out there .
 I did like this game for it 's fighting styles , costumes , characters , and seamless animation , but the `` bouncing '' looks totally unrealistic . They still bounce way after attacks or if she 's just standing there . If the bouncing option looked natural I would give it 5 stars .
 This game is awesome ! There 's no fireball -LRB- ... -RRB- , just Martial Arts . Graphics are so-so , though . If you liked this game , consider DOA2 for Dreamcast .
 This is one of the best games ever ! Fighting is tough , but worth it . I 'm trying to find one brand new or used with ALL contents in PERFECT CONDITION . When I mean PERFECT I mean like FACTORY SEALED NEW PERFECT ! Anything Less I would have to see or hear . I have played this game so many times that I almost got brain dead . Graphics are okay enough , but you spend your time watching the female players that you do n't care . The `` bounce '' effect is something new that I have never ever seen before . I see no problems with this game , but the temptation and influence it engulfs you with is too much . It 's too late for me so save yourself ! That 's all for today . Good night and God Bless !
 This is one of my favorite fighting game series . Fluid , quick to learn , not too difficult . And great looking female , er , I mean character models and animations . And it plays on my PS3 . This is one of those games I will hang on to for quite a while .
 The whole point of this game is just awesome . It has excellent graphics and superb fighting skills . It has a very great thing going for it !
 So fun is all I can say about this game . Good graphics . Nice characters .
 Ok this game is the most fun addictive game out there it willkeep you busy for hours upon hours trying to get newer better monstersand rasing stats . END
 It will just keep you playing and playing trying to get the best monster
 My husband and I enjoyed this game when we were younger so we glad to find it and share it with our daughter . She loves the pixies .
 it is a fun game to try your skills on razing things like monsters it might get your kids ready to take some resposibility
 There are very , VERY few games that I have played in the past more than I have Monster Rancher . I bought this game back in 1998 , a little bit after its initial release and boy was I surprised by it . It was recommended to me by one of the workers at the Toys R ' Us and I do n't regret any minute spent on Monster Rancher.I loved the concept of creating monsters from CD 's -LRB- Yes , JUST CD 's with MS. DVD 's do n't work and neither do CD-RW 's -RRB- and the fact that I have been a fan of raising monsters -LRB- thank you Pokemon -RRB- made it an even better buy . It is very unique for a monster breeding game and for people who love that aspect will definitely love this game.I do have to say that I liked this game much better than MS2 and Evo -LRB- have n't had the chance to get MS3 and 4 yet -RRB- , mainly because of the controls in battle . Using the L1/R1 triggers to move back and forth with the d-pad dedicated to move selection was pure genius and it made me sad that they removed that from MS2.The graphics for its time were definitely nice and the music quite unique and catchy . After a while , though , it did get redundant and I would listen to something else , but that does n't mean that its soundtrack is n't bad.This game should be highly recommended for people who love monster raising games and seeing how far one can go with it . For the others that thought this game was boring and stupid , you have very different priorities and did n't see the true value of this game . The replay value is insane , with well over 300 different monsters to find and raise , a good number of them hidden in certain cd 's . There 's a monster for every type of breeder out there . My personal favs are the Pixies , Dragons , Hengers -LRB- robot-like monsters -RRB- , and Gali 's . You have to dedicate some time to figure out everything in the game , but it 's worth it.I would definitely pay $ 40 for this if there were n't any other options . Hell , now that my 12 year old copy has about had it , I 'm glad to see that this can still be found . I 'll be buying another copy here very soon .
 This is a great game , u can do so many things , go on quests and breed monsters but dont ever pay forty dollars for this game .
 Monster Rancher for the Playstation is a great game . You pick what type of monster you want to have , give it a name then start with the fun part . You train it in many different activities to improve speed , agility and HP points that help them in battles to win and stay alive . Then every couple of weeks there will be battles you are able to compete in with money prizes . You need to use some of the money to buy food for your monster . It usually likes a certain kind of food . If it likes you , the food your are giving it and the amount of training you 're doing it will be happy and glad to listen to you . But sometimes with the wrong food or not resting your monster enough it wo n't listen to you during battles or training . If your monster does good enough in battles in certain areas it will gain new , stronger moves which bring the opponent 's HP way down . This a must-have game for any PS owner .
 okay so most people hate it because they have a new game now and the fad has passed but you got ta admit breading and raising a monster is fun . Then they added battling that makes it more fun and sets a high but acheiveable goal for you . I 'd buy it but I 'd buy it used and save ...
 That 's right you heard me , this game is better than Pokemon . I have both games , so do n't think I do n't know what I 'm talking about . If you liked Pokemon , than you will love this game . Even if you never played or if you hate Pokemon , you will probably love this game . It 's great for all ages and it is so addictive . You create monsters -LRB- that 's right create , not find -RRB- by placing different cds in at a certain time . You can use any cds , whether it 's a video game , computer , music , or dvd -LRB- Hint
 This is a game that you are the breeder and you have to take care of a monster . I got this for my B-Day , and I thought it was n't any good . But When I started playing it , I LOVED it . You can pop in your cds and get a extra rare monster . Whenever I 'm not on neopets -LRB- as dragon ___ kid -RRB- I 'm playing this game and working on my golem .
 Monster Rancher is brilliant for kids of 5 or adults of 50 ! It addictive and fun . Basicly , you get a PS/PC game , DVD or music CD and put it in your playstation and out comes a monster . Some are cute , some are nasty but all these little creatures have a mission in life . To win tournaments . You can feed them , train them , play with them , give them things , rest them , enter them into tournamentsand there are many twists turns and surprises in store as well . You will find yourself beginning to get attached to the little things but do n't forget that they are mortal . The graphics are pretty good and this last a good few months at least . BUY IT NOW ALONG WITH FF8 AND MGS
 This game is nothing like pokemon ! Almost none of these monsters are cutsy cutsy . You raise monster to battle on your ranch . You give them work to raise stats and get money , then you battle them in a totaly non-turnbased fighting style . So do n't get this confused with a pokemon mimic , it 's not !
 This game is real fun , if you liked the giga pets you 'll like this . It 's all almost in polygonal graphics , you get to fight and mix your monsters up its a easy game to master you should injoy it it is almost like a pokemon thing just for playstion.This game is very exciting and fun , one of my favorite monsters is Tiger he is fast and blue . This game is very addicting , once you play it once you 'll wont to play it more , and more.I hope this is alittle helpful .
 This one is better than the ones that follow even though they have more options.I like those versions -LRB- Some more than others -RRB- but the first one seemedto have less cute monsters and more scarey type of monsters which waswhat drew me to the game in the first place . -LRB- my first look at the game i was treated to a view of a displeasedNaga giving it 's trainer the thumb across the throat/slash gesture . -RRB- Anyone who likes this type of game will love it but of course anyonethat does n't will hate it and should n't be playing it or commenting on it.I think you should like anything you are willing to comment on even ifyour comments are criticism .
 I rented this game when I first saw it 2 years ago , thinking it was a quirky enough game to kill a few hours before dinner . I bought it the next week . Some games can hold you for the longest time , and Monster Rancher is their king.I even stopped playing for a while . I picked up some other games , and then my PS had some downtime after I moved . Then I saw an episode of the thoroughly uninspired cartoon , which inspired me to hook up my PS again , and I 've just made my Monol , Jimmy -LRB- so named because I think he looks like Jimmy Carter -RRB- now has an impermeous hide , and I 'm trying to get him to the point that when he hits another monster , it will hurt them.This game is preposterously fun , and I do n't recommend it if you are going to look back and wonder where all that time went . It 's not healthy .
 This game is interesting and fun.I think this is my favourite game.I thimk that this game is spoiling but when I see my friend playing it I like this game.This game has about more than 100 monsters.And the breeding is not too difficult.Anyone who wants to try this game , try it.It is fun ...
 Much whining has gone on about the quality of Talonsoft 's war games . Granted , there were some techincal problems on earlier releases , but West Front Battle Pack is a serious attempt to compensate for these problems . If you are a West Front owner , then you simply must have the Battle pack . It improves the original both in terms of quantity and quality . These guys deserve all the credit they can get for maintaining historical accuracy . They maintain strict standards of keeping as close to the truth as possible in terms of terrain , conditions , equipment , supply and morale . Damn the bugs , full speed ahead ! As for technical support , they 've got the bases covered . Above and beyond the the call of duty , as it were . GOOD SHOW , LADS !
 If you liked RoadBlasters in the arcade , you 'll love it on the Genesis . This is a nearly arcade-perfect port of one of my favorite arcade games . It sounds good and looks GREAT ! The differences visually are hard to pick out , and those few sounds that are n't dead-on are at least similar enough.The only minor quibble I have with the game is that for some reason Tengen decided to give players 5 lives per play . This is not adjustable . The arcade gave you one life per quarter , and when you run out of gas it 's `` Game Over , '' unless you continue by dropping another quarter . Why they chose to change this dynamic is beyond me , but it does n't detract one bit from the enormous fun factor of this awesome 80 's game!For the uninitiated , RoadBlasters is an isometric run-and-gun type road rally game . Your goal is to make it to the end of each futuristic stage before running out of gas or being destroyed by your opponents . Your car always has blasters , but you also have the opportunity to power-up with special weapons dropped from a support jet . Weapons include a fully automatic cannon , a turbo booster , and nuclear bombs.It just does n't get any better than this !
 There were a lot of great arcade games in the 1980 's . Some just stand out from the pack , were instant classics , and some were so classic they are even fun to play today . Ms. Pac-Man , Shinobi , Operation Wolf , Pole Position II , just to name a few are arcade games that even today , are just as fun if not more fun than the current variety of games being offered on the present generation of consoles and machines . Roadblasters belongs on that list as well . It was not a hyped game , not many people at the time really talked about it , but when I would go to my favorite arcade which was a TIME-OUT , RoadBlasters was always something I had to play . Let 's fast forward to the early 1990 's now , the Sega Genesis is a new breed of console sporting 16-Bit hardware similar to many of the arcade games from the 80s . When I think of arcade to console transitions , very few at the time come to mind that are perfect or even near-perfect ports . It was n't until our current generation of consoles where we started getting arcade perfect ports of classic games in collections like Midway 's Arcade Treasures series out for various consoles . Graphically this port of Roadblasters for the Sega Genesis deserves a 99.8 % out of 100 . Perhaps there is a missing color or two from the palette used on the arcade , but that is a limitation of the Genesis itself . The programmers pushed every color out of the Genesis that the video ram would give them and keep this game smooth as the arcade framerate . At let 's talk about the framerate , it 's a perfect port . But again the graphics are phenomenal , you get all the sprites , all the frames , the rat jeeps , the armored cars , the gun turrets , the fuel globes , the oil spills , the bad ass munitions vessel that drops auxiliary weapons onto your vehicle . But the graphics mean nothing if the control is not good , now again the control in this port is arcade perfect , and this is on a d-pad . The sound in this game is just like the graphics , it 's 99.8 % out of a 100 % , the music is so awesome you could buy it for that alone . If you like Roadblasters in the arcade you should have this , you can get it on modern consoles , but there is nothing like taking the game in cartridge format and plugging it into your Sega Genesis and powering it up and playing . Besides , the box art on this is really cool as well and having it in a dedicated cartridge format is awesome .
 I found Tecmo 's Deception in a sale rack two years ago . Seemed interesting ... and the price was right . I did n't realize at the time what I had gotten myself into.The game 's concept is totally unique
 ... But not for children . It is suprising that the game ever was - released - in the US , with the climate of the time being a much more restrictive and censored one . This was the era which mandated Resident Evil 's introduction be chopped because the demonic dog puppets were too silly or scary.Deception is the tale of you , the rightful prince of Zemkia , betrayed by your brother Yurias and the palace magician for the murder of your father . About to be hanged , you are spared by the dark powers of Astarte , a demoness . In addition to your life and an opportunity to seek revenge on the world , she grants you the power to set devious traps and such inside the Castle of the Damned . But what does she ask in return ? Why , the enchanted items which , when gathered , can break the seal on the Devil himself and free him from his prison . What will you do?Thankfully if you do n't - want - to be freeing him , you do n't have to . By virtue of the game 's multiple endings , you 're allowed to do what you believe is ` right ' . Albeit containing dated graphics , a massive amount of space required to save -LRB- almost an entire card -RRB- and loading times comperable to a presidential term , it 's a really good game . It does allow you a few choices in regard to storyline , but its real gem is trap upgrading , a castle building system and the ability to create various creatures to serve you . If only it had more plot flexibility ... I would 've had no qualms donating some of my funds gotten off of squashing merchants to fund a family 's operation to save their ailing daughter , but no , I have to kill them - too - . Such is the price of undynamic scripting .
 This is one of the best that I `` ve every played . You 're the head of the haunted-household , setting trapps and making monsters to take out your enemies . An unknown classic !
 Tecmo 's Deception is a game where you 're trying to ressurect the Devil by stealing the lives and souls of anyone who wanders into your trap-laden house . No game to my knowledge before or since has attempted what is done here . You build rooms onto your house , lay down traps , harvest souls or burn them for magic , and smite friends and enemies alike . Buy stuff from the wandering merchants , then transform their bodies into monsters.This game is unique in many ways besides the basic premise . Playing like an old-style RPG , you have to decide how to dispatch your enemies in ways to build mana , power , monsters , etc. . Build up your stats , change the shape of your house , place your own traps , and generally create a nightmare for any adventurers who might happen to wander in.If you have n't guessed , the game is a little bit unbalanced . You spend a lot of time waiting for someone to stumble into a wall fist or other trap , without a whole lot of ways to lose . Building more additions onto your house of horrors gives you a little more time to dispatch your foes , but they can mostly be destroyed in the front room . The look and feel of the game is similarly very simple , utilizing flat , rectangluar , wolfenstein-like layouts for every room.But for it 's faults , this is still one of the most unique games released for the playstation . It is highly recommended to anyone interested in unique gaming experiences .
 I 've never been a religious kind of guy , so I have no problem playing Tecmo 's Deception . Basically you get to be the bad gut ... not THE Prince of Badness , because he 's your boss and he tells you who to do , and how to do them in . Satan even give you lessons on how to take their body parts and piece them into new creatures to send out and kill more would-be heroes of ` THE GOOD SIDE ' ! Yeh , I do n't think the people 's prayers are gon na save them in this game . Me an ' Satan are an unstoppable team ! Thank 's Sony !
 Some might remember the days of sub par graphics and this is definetly one of those games , however , this games is insanely fun and quirky . Now , with that being said , this is no means a kids game or a game for the sensitive . The whole premise of the game is to raise Satan , yep the big D , old scratch himself . To do this you capture people in you castle , set traps and get em . The game has six diffrent endings , so replay is extensive.For anyone who likes off the wall games , this one is definetly for you.UPDATE : I totally forgot that you can harvest bodies to create monsters , and build on the mansion , yet more really cool and unique features for the time .
 Tecmo 's Deception
 I liked this game alot and I am trying to find it again . You start out being betrayed by your brother and are being burned at the stake . While on the stake you cry out for help by anyone , anything !! The point of this game is to avenge your own death ... as a spirit . You set traps in a castle -LRB- in which you can add on rooms and chambers -RRB- to get peoples souls where you trade them in for money or use them to create monsters and stuff . I loved this game it was dark , scary and fun !!
 As always you have provided impeccable service . Next time I will look to see if you have it first . Keep up the good work .
 This is an amazing product ! It fits perfectly , does n't leave weird residues , does n't smell bad , and protects my precious DS Lite from any nasty fingerprints/smears . And it has all the correct openings so you can charge your DS , use headphones , change games , change volume , turn it on , access the stylus , etc. I got the smoke grey color because my DS is Onyx .
 Rising Sun is an all around excellent game , but I do have some caveats . The graphics are good , but not great . For example , units move and fire generically . A flame tank doesnt spew flames when it attacks , it looks like machine gun fire . The same goes for artillery . Fire from 16-inch naval guns looks the same as 60mm mortars . Small stuff surely , but compared to other titles on the market , there is little to no eye candy . Additionally , the maps look very generic . Whether you are fighting in Burma or the Phillipines , it doesnt make a differnce . Guadalcanal looks pretty much like the other islands you may be storming . Compared to the backgrounds of say , Panzer General II , they are a bit bland . Gameplay can also lag a bit . Dont expect instant gratification here
 I have always loved war games , but Rising Sun in my opinion tops them all . The game is very realistic and not easy . The graphics are surperb , and the action in the game is great . I6t can be very addicting to war game fans . I am looking foward to more of the same in war games . Al DeSantis Brooklyn NY
 I own Rising Sun -LRB- 20 $ -RRB- and Rising Sun Gold -LRB- 30 $ -RRB- . The second one does n't add much , unless you really want to play the invasion of America . Both are great classic hex based wargame with a nice multimedia overhaul -LRB- sounds and 3D tanks and troops -RRB- . I played this game on an old 333MHz computer and it worked fine . The AI is better than average -LRB- see nice explanations in reviews from East Front 2 -RRB- . Compared to these older games -LRB- compiled in Europe in Flames -RRB- , you get here night scenarios -LRB- very interesting -RRB- and Japanese bunkers and Banzai attacks -LRB- fun -RRB- .
 A very pleasant and addictive tactical game . Played at platoon size level very much like older but unforgettable board games as PanzerBlitz and PanzerLeader -LRB- but without the time consuming fuss -RRB- . Challenge level is adjustable for fast paced , `` on your toes '' raging battles against your computer . Game flow is apprehended right after several trials , learning with every fiasco -LRB- U can count on them ! -RRB- . After that , rising challenge level provides for endless entertainment . Terrain layout and maps are superb . U can play on military 2D maps or plunge right on 3D landscapes . As its older brothers , East Front II and West Front Elite -LRB- combined in Europe in Flames -RRB- , this game is a sure shot for tactical wargamers .
 Nothing to say buy perfect . It is much better than East Front and West Front on both of the graphic and missions . Also , now you can play with the US Marine which is no way in East and West Front .
 I have always loved war games , but Rising Sun in my opinion tops them all . The game is very realistic and not easy . The graphics are surperb , and the action in the game is great . It can be very addicting to war game fans . I am looking foward to more of the same in war games . Al DeSantis Brooklyn NY
 This is the best football game . It is soooo fun . It has the best mode to make your own players , you get points to put at different skills ; and they do n't start out as stars you have to make them play good , then they might get better . Has a pretty good mode for being the GM for your team . I have played hours and hours with my freinds on this . The only bad things about this game is that the computer is pretty easy to beat the computer once you know how to play the game , and the rosters are old now , and the game play is not vwery realistic but that does n't matter because it 's so fun . If they made a new version of this game with updated rosters it would crush the competition on the fun factor .
 This is nearly a perfect football game , they actually improved over the first installment which I did n't think possible . You now have 16 plays on offense -LRB- only 8 at a time on screen -RRB- , There are more long running plays and passing is more challenging . The QBs ca n't throw tacklers off as easily either , which leads to more sacks by non-human controlled players . They added trades , free agents and Carolina/Jacksonville . Overall this may be the best football game ever .
 Do the graphics suck ? Yes . Is it unrealistic ? Yes . Do the animations get old after a while ? Oh yes . But is this the greatest football game for the SNES , and possibly the most fun football game ever made ? Yes . Tecmo Super Bowl III ca n't be matched when it comes to fun . The bad graphics almost add to its appeal . The play control is actually pretty good , and the teams are accurate for when it was made . The best part about this game is that you can create your own players and teams , and improve them until you dominate the entire game . You can even play a friend with your super teams . You can also sign free agents . It 's just an incredible game , way ahead of its time when it comes to extra features . Wow . I still play my older brother , and we 're in our mid-20 's . This is a great game . . trust me .
 This is the best football game ever ever . The maddens are all eye candy this game is the real deal . You have all the classic players you have the smooth gameplay . The fun factor is great . Tecmo football games are the best football games ever .
 It 's hard to believe the best football game ever made was released in 1994 , but it was . Tecmo Super Bowl III was the best football game made at the time , and it continues to be the best overall football game . Put simply , with all 30 teams -LRB- at the time -RRB- the full NFL is represented , and TSBIII succeeds where the newer generation of games fails
 This was the best format for playing football better than how football games are now . Tecmo or any company should bring this style back just update some little things -LRB- not too much like tecmo bowl on PS1 ! -RRB- keep it 2D and we would have a winner .
 This game for Genesis was better , but the other reviewers forgot some things . If you win three superbowls in a row with the same team , it unlocks the all time greats like running back 34 for the chicago bears . The players are not named , but if you know football you can figure it out .
 I rank Wargame of the Year at the top of my list of top military PC games . The ease of use , large range of options , scenario editing and choice of games/campaigns is fantastic . The recreation of the ups and downs of battles creates a feeling of being in the heat of battle . The AI works very well . The ability to play either side against the computer , both sides or with another player adds a sense of not just recreating history , but of possibly changing history . Having played many of the scenarios several times , not once did any of the scenarios end the same way . The final result is always different , which keeps the game fresh and challenging . If you want to experience the excitement , agony , nerves and sweat of commanding any size unit in battle , I highly recommend OAW
 First of all , that 10 year-old gamer has no clue what he is talking about . Of course , Starcraft and C&C are some of my favorites , but they are n't strategy . It 's `` who can kill eachother 's base the fastest '' if thats what you want , this game is n't for you . This is a game that grabs the true essence of a strategy game by the shirt , and takes Military History and puts it into a great game . If you wan na play a game with amazing graphics , unrealistic units and damage , and fight an unrealistic war , go right ahead and pass thisg ame by . If you wan na sacrifice the true meaning of strategy to play a good looking , simpler game , go buy some RTS game trying to follow Starcraft and C&C . This is a game of patience , strategy , and cunning discipline . You have to take care of your supply lines , defend air bases , rotate divisions on the front lines . Utilize railroads , highways , and waterways . Srategically use aircraft for defence , attack , or airbase raids . Place your artilery in out of immediate danger but in rage to weaken the line so your armored and infantry divisions can bash through.This is the game for the true Military and Historical strategist . Those other RTS games are for amature strategists . This is real military strategy at its finest .
 Let me just start off by saying that TOAW is what it says it is - a deep , vast recreation of 20th century warfare . Which is why some 10 year old looking for the next RTS ` strategy ' fragfest was none too wise in making the blind buy of a game that resembles chess more closely than C&C . That said , I think TOAW is the most rewarding and lasting gaming experiences I have had the pleasure of participating in , and that includes titles of other genres as well , such as the Rainbow Six and Diablo series . Of course those are great games , but strangely enough , after owning them all for a year or more , I find that TOAW is the only one getting significant playing time . That 's because it has totally unlimited replay , with a massive online gaming and scenario producing community . There are wargaming clubs and ladders that are exclusively TOAW , in which one can find competition of any level . Which makes clicking on that demon kin in Diablo seem a little tiresome after a while . I quite seriously suggest buying this game to anyone with the slightest interest in wargaming . It does require a bit of thought , however , which is why it would perhaps be best for whiny 10 year olds wasting their parents ' money on amassing a horde of games to stay away ; although not lacking in the excitement department , it 's definitely no fast-clicker .
 The Ninja Gaiden series had some of the greatest games on the NES . Ninja Gaiden trilogy has all three of these games with slightly improved graphics . The controls are a little quirky , and the graphics are n't that much better than the NES version , but the games are great nonetheless . This is a must-buy for fans of the series .
 -LSB- For those of you that may have been mislead , this is NOT a Castlevania rip-off . This is a classic series that should not be ignored . Also , you are a wimp if you complain about the control scheme . -RSB- The trilogy , originally for the NES , is here for Super NES and with excellent results.The graphics are generally the same and have been improved in many areas . The sound and music also got an uplift . They also added a password system to this and IT MAKES IT A LOT EASIER.Let 's face it , these three games are some of the best NES games ever made . Sure , they 're hard but you know what ? These were made back in the day when NINTENDO GAMES KICKED YOUR -LSB- ... -RSB- AND MADE YOU LOVE THEM . Ninja Gaiden was no exception , and it ranks as one of the best NES games ever . To have it along with its sequels onto one cartridge -LRB- and improved -RRB- is awesome , pure and simple.My only complaint is that they let the buttons -LRB- A is Jump , B is Attack -RRB- stay like the NES rather than shift it to the Super NES style , which would 've made Y the attack button and B the jump button . However , it DOES N'T detract from the game AND TO RATE THIS GAME LOWER BECAUSE OF THAT WOULD BE FRIVOLOUS . I give this 5 stars , simply put , because all three Ninja Gaiden games are milestones in video gaming history .
 The product is really good , it was exactly what I expected the product is . I can recommend it to all who are interested in purchasing this item . The people should buy it because it 's reliable ...
 I was very excited when this game was released . It combined one of my all time favorite NES games into a trilogy of greatness . The port to the SNES is almost exactly the same as the originals.Ninja Gaiden is a classic , and a hard one to beat at that . The second and third games are n't quite as difficult , and still deliver a great gaming experience . I loved going back through these games , reliving my childhood experiences . It is just as I remembered , graphics and all .
 I was a HUGE fan of Ninja Gaiden 2 back in the day.In fact one of my most lasting impressions in video game history was rescuing Irene Lew from the Tower of Laja.So this should be perfect for some retro-gaming quality right?Well , not quite.For one the music has been `` enhanced '' as the box says.To be honest I think it sounds pretty terrible.Tecmo has replaced the flutes with horns and it just does n't sound that good in Ninja Gaiden 2 . Also in one of the last scenes where Jaquio has been killed and his blood flows toward the Sword of Chaos ; there was some major editing.In the original his blood was red , in the remake it is now green.That really takes away from the effect in my opinion.There is also no end credit roll for Ninja Gaiden 2 ; which means we do n't get to hear that cool theme as all the various cinemas play out.HUGE disapointment !! I will agree that the password system makes it easier to a degree.On Ninja Gaiden 3 however , the last password you get still puts you two levels behind the last boss.I think the same holds true for Ninja Gaiden 1 . All and all , a great attempt ; but I would rather play Ninja Gaiden 2 -LRB- which is my favorite of the series anyway -RRB- on my top loader NES.Tecmo , if it ai n't broke do n't `` fix '' it ! -- original Irene/Ryu music plays in the background --
 I must admit I was wishing that Tecmo would have improved the graphics , but after a few trips down memory lane , I was hooked back on one of my favorite series . The action is just as intense as ever , and the music is sweet . The cinemas have been redrawn as well . The effect of the new graphics will make you drool . If only Tecmo worked on the rest of the game . Three games on one cart is a great deal . For those of you who missed out , try playing these classics . You wo n't regret it .
 This shows what the SNES was capable of , compact wise . Being able to fit three games in one is excellent . It has a quality to it not seen in some games today.the graphic upgrade makes the game memorable . More detail to certain levels and Cinema enhances are worth the price alone.The music however was slightly altered . Some I do n't mind -LRB- most of the stuff form Ninja Gaiden 2 -RRB- but Act 2 in Ninja Gaiden 1 was a big dissapointment.The challenge was altered only for certain levels . Thus it makes some games a little easier . Also another welcome is unlimited continues added to # 3 . Buy this game , just do so .
 If you do n't know this by now , hear me ... NINJA GAIDEN ROCKS!Play NG 2 , NG Sigma , NG Black -LRB- on 360 downloads -RRB- , and all the rest.You can not find a better series . It can not be done ...
 Ninja Gaiden is the best video game series of all time . The ones for original Nintendo will never be outperformed by any other game . The soundtracks on these games are awesome too , a must buy !
 This game is for those of us who remember Avalon Hill . This is reminicent of board wargaming , sand table tactics . It is very well done , but will bore to tears the shoot 'em up , fast action crowd . The graphics are n't spectacular but they are as good as they need to be .
 Got this game in 1998 . I 've played the entire series as the German Commander , chronologically , and just finished this year . Started out playing by email with various opponents on various computers . Vista killed the play-by-mail feature for me but I continued playing against the computer until I finished the whole war . Have now started playing their West Front as the German and this should take me several years as well . I am 6o . This sure beats TV !
 My Dad remembered playing this game back in the 90 's so he asked me if I could get it . It 's an easy turn based game , he 's about 70 years old so those are the kind of games he likes . From what I saw of the game , the graphics are surprisingly good , but the game does n't seem complex enough to hold my attention . My Dad really likes it & he has been playing a lot . The order went through smooth , the delivery came faster than expected and in good shape . Overall 5 stars all around .
 Ok , let 's start with a disclaimer
 Although games have been improved graphically with the influx of next - generation systems , no football game can match this first version on the SNES . Along with the two NES versions , these games offer unmatched fun and playability . Many of today 's games use graphics as ' eye candy ' in order to hide a lack of gameplay for wouldbe players . THE ALL - TIME BEST !
 This is the only game that I 've played since it came out . Having so many of the recognizable faces and their talents at your disposal and then having them so easy to manipulate without having to push a combination of buttons makes this game more entertaining than any I 've ever played . Yes some of the plays are somewhat unrealistic and the graphics can not match up to today 's games but when you throw Jerry Rice a pass you EXPECT him to catch it the majority of the time . Tecmo gives you that .
 The purchasing experience was very easy and precise . THe game was delivered in a timely manner and was in good condition just as advertised .
 Why i consider this the best basketball game ever for the snes : Pros : - a simulation basketball game that plays like nba jam without all the fake moves ! - real nba rules , injuries and offensive plays-all the greats from the 90s are here including MICHAEL JORDAN ! - a rarity-the conrol is very easy to learn-the animations are fluid-very nice-looking courts-full of team and player stats-cool musics and sounds-one of the better b-ball games for snes in terms of graphics-very fun in 2-on-2 action -LRB- single player is great -RRB- - computer A.I. is very good-cool cut-scenes for certain passes , 3-pointers , block shots , and slam dunks-great modes including preseason , season , and all-star-bird vs. magic ! - cheerleaders dancing at halftimeCons : - free throws are actually done by shooting a jump shot -LRB- I actually like it because it gives the game an arcade feel to it -RRB- - somewhat unrealistic stats -LRB- again , more like an arcade -RRB- Overall -LRB- Out of 100 -RRB- : -90 for graphics-95 for sounds-95 for features-100 for replayability-100 for entertainment -LRB- Ratings are based on the era this game was in -RRB- This game can easily rank as one of the best basketball games for the snes .
 this game has all real nba teams and all the players from the 1991-1992 nba season . and yes , all the nba stars are in the game including michael jordan ! if you like a great basketball game with stars such as larry bird , magic johnson , david robinson , karl malone , and much much more you should get this game . this game plays great and with michael jordan in the game you will win multiple chapionships and yes this game is more than just that . you will be glad you get this game . tecmo is best known for their popular tecmo super bowl game and this basketball game is another slam dunk for tecmo !
 this game plays like nba hang time but it 's more of a simulation style . it requires some hours of playing to get used to this game . once mastered player can enjoy this amazing basketball game . the animations run smoothly and there are digitized calls by the ref . you can play from three modes
 Jordan and Pippen all day long ! Yes , this game rules . I 've read some really bad reviews of this game but I totally disagree . It is a lot of fun , it 's old school , simple , and addictive . 9/10 for me . It 's the glory years of the NBA -LRB- Magic , Bird , Jordan , Hakeem , The Bad Boys , etc. . . If you have an old school NBA bone in your body - GET IT .
 This great basketball game for the SNES is very underrated . The game is very fun to play . The best part about this game is the stat tracking system . It gives track of all the major statistics for every team and player . There is also a League Leaders board where the top 18 players in each category is listed . Overall , this game is a great basketball game from TECMO . If you enjoy their football game TECMO Super Bowl , I highly recommend buying this game .
 This basketball game for the SNES is awesome . If you are a sports fan and you like the style of Tecmo Super Bowl then you must get this game . This game is just as fun to play as Tecmo Super Bowl . It has all the cool features of TSB and many new features , as well . This game includes all the NBA stars from the 90 's
 Two words sum up why this game is a timeless classic
 This game is one of the better basketball games for the snes . What i like about this game is it has many cut-scenes that are cool . These digitized photos often come up when you block a shot , dunk , and nail a three pointer . These are very cool in my opinion . Also this game keeps track of tons of stats as well and it has real injuries . The gameplay is solid and it is very fun . The graphics are not bad , either . Players move fluidly and the control is very responsive . This game has all the nba players from the '92 season including MICHAEL JORDAN ! This game is very entertaining to play and i recommend it if you still have a super nintendo .
 This is one of the better sim basketball games for the snes . If you love stats this game is for you . The gameplay is pretty fun . It plays a little like nba jam without all the fake moves . All the stars of the 90 's are in this game including MICHAEL JORDAN !
 if you like basketball this game is definitely for you . it has everything expected of a sim b-ball game . this include stats , league leaders , season , playoffs , and all-star . do n't wait go out and get this game now !
 this game is very fun to play . it has all the stars of the 90s including Micheal Jordan . the graphics are great and the music fits the game extremely well . there are preseason , regular season and playoffs to keep you playing . one aspect about this game that i really like is the cut-scenes that come up when you make a tramatic 3-pointer or throw down a rim-rattling jam . if you like real basketball that is fun to play this one is definitely for you
 I bought this game a very , very long time ago and now i still enjoy playing it . unlike other basketball games for the snes where you can run and dunk all day this game will call you for charging and you ca n't run over your defender like you did in other games . so in this game you need to be aware of where your teamates are to get easy baskets . there are 27 teams with real rosters from the 91-92 season . this is one of a few games where you have MICHAEL JORDAN ! season mode is very cool you can view league leaders , player and team statistics . this game has great graphics and a cool feature in this game is you can see the name of your conrolled player and your opponents controlled player at the bottom of the screen . whenever you make a shot his name comes up and it 's really cool . the music during the game is good and you have the option to turn it off as with substitutions and many other features expected in a sim ball game . players in this game actually do get tired . all in all , if you like a simulation basketball game that is fun to play this one is a must have . if you have tecmo super bowl and liked it you 'll like this game . it is much better than nba the nba live series and it 's very cheap nowadays .
 Hands down the best baseball video game of all time . The gameplay kills any of the modern high-tech stuff you will see today from X-Box , PS2 etc. . Great graphics too considering it came out in 1992 . This game is light years ahead of any other game as far as the play goes . This game will be played for the next 20 years and beyond .
 Once upon a time , football video games were considered as boring , repetitive and lack of replay value . However , in 1989 for the Nintendo Entertainment System , Tecmo decided to change all of that by releasing the game Tecmo Bowl . With only 12 teams from each NFL cities , it made hours of fun and enjoyment , thanks to its replayability value and simple controls.In 1991 and 1993 , Tecmo , yet again released the same game , but with more to add to it by releasing this game to the Nintendo Entertainment System , Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis . The modes in this game are awesome , and like the first game , the controls are simple and easy to understand . Plus , you can take your favorite NFL team to the Super Bowl and use the three-year option with playing the 1991 , 1992 and 1993 schedules . Also , Pro Bowl and Coach modes are available and REAL NFL players and teams.In conclusion , this is a wonderful game to have in your video game collection -LRB- as well as the first one -RRB- and trust me , this game will be very difficult to put the controller down . It is for everyone to enjoy and a great alternative to the repetitive Madden series , which EA Sports decides to keep the same gameplay and alter a graphics a little bit , every year . This may be the year 2010 and I may have been born the same year the Original NES Tecmo Bowl came out , but this and NFL 2K5 are my favorite football games in the market .
 If you liked the nes tecmo you will like this one as well . While the A.I. may not be up to par with todays games , games like this will always be remembered . To the other poster , you can score 70 + points on ANY football game .
 Most people will not like this game . Those who seek an easy learning curve and desire something like instant gratification should really look elsewhere . You should disregard any advertisements calling this a first person fighting game or an RPG/adventure or even a system simulation.Also , this is a first generation Dreamcast game that has been out since December of 1999 . So , the animation falters at times , the game flow is very , very quirky , and the supplied sparse documentation is of precious little help . Plus , I found the publisher 's website to be down , and an extensive search of the Web regarding this title provided little in the way of understanding and help regarding gameplay . I did , however , find lots of reviews and comments that , generally speaking , slammed this game terribly . In other words , about 90 % negative.Having said all of that , I have to admit that I am more addicted to Seventh Cross than I have ever been to any other video game . After more than thirty-five hours in it , I still have to tear myself away from it . In addition , my wife , who absolutely hates my indulgence in console video games , actually enjoys sitting on the couch with me while I play it . It is a very different , unique kind of game , and the strangeness of it has her interested.This game will appeal to someone who has an intellectual bent , who has a greater understanding of science , neural networks , and artificial intelligence than the average person , and who has a great deal of patience and curiosity . And finally , this person will need to have a deep appreciation of both the surreal and the sublime.Seventh Cross is a blend of the adventure , RPG , fighting , and system simulation genres of video gaming . But these descriptions do not do the game justice , because the synergistic result make it much more than the sum of it 's parts . It is entertainment that transcends the standard descriptions , and this is a situation where language simply fails . But read on , and hopefully I can impart some insight.Seventh Cross 's interface can be divided into three types of screens . The first is the Field , which most gamers would be familiar with . This is where the various conflicts for survival actually take place . The Seventh Cross world is truly gigantic , though sparsely detailed , and contains many types of environments . In this part of the game , your organism is much like the main character in an adventure game , with the obvious exception of there being no evident , easily defined goal . More about this later.The second type of screen is tabular data , plain and simple . To understand and enjoy Seventh Cross means to be familiar with and responsive to numerical data . And there is quite a bit of it . Nutrients , environments , changing status and capabilities and more are all tracked on these various data screens . One or two of these do have some graphical feedback , such as how your organism looks after you 've made a change , but they are primarily informational only.The third type of screen , and the real heart of Seventh Cross , are the DNA Sheets . It is here that the real genius and truly unique aspect of the game can be found.In Seventh Cross , you are an organism on another world . On this world , evolutionary change proceeds at a furious pace . You begin your life on this world as an amoeba-like , defenseless animal , and your task is to survive while guiding your own evolutionary development . Once you are past the three lowest , invertebrate stages -LRB- known as protis -RRB- , your organism can not be killed . This fourth stage is known as an Origin.The method of guiding that development after you 've attained Origin and higher status is much like a genetic engineering simulation which is graphically represented via the familiar double helix that looks very similar to a DNA segment . But with a closer look the familar Adenine , Thymine , Cytosine , and Guanine are absent . The molecules are instead color-coded representations of Offense , Defense , Psi , Intelligence , Healing , and Dexterity.The colors selected for these elements are very important , due to the unusual implementation of the neural network based AI . In fact , at the very beginning of a game , the player is presented with what appears to be a highly surreal method of defining the colors for these apsects , which is assigning a color to a series of monochromatic pictures that look like engravings.The reason for doing this becomes clear once you realize just how the evolutionary development of your character is guided . The DNA sheets are two screens , one with a 10x10 matrix that you add colors to , which is parsed by the AI and then incorporated into the second screen 's 20x20 matrix . Four 10x10 matrices equate to the four modifiable blocks of your organism , the Head , Body , Arms , and Legs . Points are earned for every life form you kill in the Field , and you expend these points during the building of your matrix -LRB- one matrix/one body block at a time -RRB- . As you guide your creature 's evolution , you base your altered patterns on the AI 's overall 20x20 matrix . In this way , your designs are keyed from the AI 's , and the AI 's designs are keyed from your 's . So , you would design a head block with Psi and Intelligence colors , a body block with Healing and Defense , and so on . Using the feedback from the AI is essential , since the program ` knows ' what a particular environment has in store.What you end up with is an organism that changes visually as you modify it , and the visuals can be very dramatic , bizarre and strange indeed . Both real world and fantasy creatures are used , so a lynx 's head on an ` electric mollusk 's ' body with ` laser horse ' legs and tube worms for arms is not only possible , but probable . In fact , it is next to impossible to make a ` normal ' looking organism , and with the rapid evolution in Seventh Cross , it is unlikely that you 'd want to.With Seventh Cross , there is no ending to the gameplay , just as there seems to be no end to the wild visual combinations seen as your organism evolves . In this regard it is something like a virtual pet . The game has a leisurely pace to it . In fact , one of it 's most appealing aspects -LRB- once you 've figured out what is going on -RRB- is the strange combination of non-pressured , laid-back gameplay and intellectual gymnastics . Also , the music is fantastic and very catching , and adds to the overall experience.If you are looking for fast-paced action and realistic fighting moves , graphically rich environments and treasures/power-ups , you will not find them here . But once you get past the learning curve , what you will find is a stimulating feast for the mind.If there is any game for the Dreamcast that can genuinely be thought of as a sleeper , Seventh Cross is it.But still , most people will not like this game .
 like the previous reviewer states this game has had horrible reviews and follow ups . This game is good because it is like no other i have beaten it three times and each time has had a different ending it took alot of time and pondering but was worth it I really enjoyed this game but I strongly state `` I '' .
 The Gameboy port of Primal Rage is pretty good.Sure , it 's not as good as the arcade or the other home versions of course , but it still holds up nice.The gameplay is simple and easy to control , since there are only two buttons to use.The graphics and sound are also decent in this port.Each character has got two attacks , four specials and one finishing move.There are six characters total.Unfortunatly , Vertigo has been removed in this version.Probally due to memory limitations.Overall , Primal Rage is a good old school fighting game , and this Gameboy port is worthy to be a part of your Gameboy collection .
 This is an OLD game . I have fond memories of this one ! Basically , it 's a rather simple fighting game with `` gods '' -LRB- Read
 i was a fan of a disaster report and was a bit sceptacle about raw danger because of the switching of characters through out the plot . this game i think is a lot better than disaster report . something i did n't think was possible . the intertwining of character 's paths through out the game were just mind boggling . it 's def . different . and it lets you play each character just enough to have fun , they do n't drag out the story line at all . i 'm hoping for another title from agetec bc this game is simply amazing .
 For this price , you are getting a very fun game . If you are a fan of nature disaster films , then this game is for you . It is actually kind of scary when you are trying to race up a ladder with a huge tidal wave approaching in the background . Overall , this game is really fun and surprisingly better than I would have expected
 This game is filled with strategy and adventure . There is adventure in every level and every turn of the corner . I recommend it for ages 5 - 12 years old .
 After losing the original copy of the first Sudden Strike , I was glad to find SSII ... its been a lot of fun , despite the small image size of the figures ... guess I 'm getting older . Considering getting another game in the series ... it 's all about the ` good times ' .
 Sudden Strike II is the sequel to Sudden Strike and Sudden Strike Forever!Sudden Strike II gives you more units to command and a few more countries also to command . There is a scenario editor similar to Sudden Strike Forever . One of my friends own Sudden Strike II which he plays a lot . I do not as yet have Sudden Strike II , but have played it in the past , and I am hoping to get it for my computer . I liked it a lot . Paul Corti.Briarwood , NY . United States .
 This is one of the most addictive action/puzzle games ever -LRB- on par with Tetris for me . -RRB- You 're a little devil that hurts other little devils by walking on dice to bring them together . You need 6 sixes together , 5 fives together . etc. . When you put the dice together they slowly sink into the ground , and when they finally disappear it hurts all the other devils on the screen . But , other devils can steal your sinking dice by rolling their own die next to it that matches . Last devil standing wins.There 's also a separate puzzle game , where the object is to have the devil roll all the dice on the screen into the proper patterns so they dissapear . And some of these are HARD ! When you win a set of ten , you get new floor tiles for the action version of the game.I tried to explain this in a nutshell . Hope I did an OK job.This game is terribly addicting . The object of the game itself is novel , the devils look and sound cute , it 's multiplayer -LRB- though you can also play against the computer -RRB- , and you will know at once whether or not you will like it . I was hooked from the very first time I ever saw it -- took me several months to track it down since they do n't make too many of them anymore -LRB- it 's a very early Playstation game . -RRB- So if you love puzzle games , you 'll probably want this .
 This `` Devil Dice '' game is great . This is a lot more FUN than ... Tetris ? This is seriously the most addictive game I 've ever played . Frantic competition against four other players will keep your teeth ground together until you get a substantial lead against them . Any baby could learn to play a puzzlegame , but only kids with a quick wit and heart can win , which is hopefully what I am . If you have any doubts or hesitations about the idea of perhaps buying `` Devil Dice '' , you may call me . This way , I can challenge you to a game.Sincerely Yours .
 You -LRB- a little devil cartoon character -RRB- are given dice to flip and roll in a defined area to establish the pattern asked . It looks easy but some of the puzzles are tricky . Battle mode in a frenetically paced multiplayer mode where you jump and land on dice to roll them over to make chains of dice that increase your score . Blah , blah , blah ... more fun than `` Irritating Stick '' . Just buy it !
 This game is very fun to play with friends -LRB- up to 4 people -RRB- . My girlfriend loves this game.It takes skill , intelligence , and a competitive nature.It should be ported to the PS3 , with better graphics - it should be on the PSN for $ 10 or less .
 The whole family enjoys this game . We play it all the time . We have 3 kids , one being a 5 yr old girl and two older boys .
 This is a game you can always play and never get bored of .
 THIS GAME IS GREAT IT HAS 640 GAME PLAY . IT ALSO HAS 26 NHL TEAMS . YOU CAN EVEN CHOOSE FROM YOUR FAVORITE PLAYERS . TO YOUR FAVORITE TEAM BUY THIS GAME YOU 'LL BE INTO THIS GAME FOR A LONG TIME .
 This game is fun if you get tired of car racing . It adds a new part to a racing game . The flying is somewhat reallistic . The only downside is there are only several courses .
 I have rented this game before , and it was AWESOME ! I just ordered the game online . This game is frustrating because you are waiting for the green light , and you look beside you and see a huge jet plane , compared to your propellered one ! Anyway , this game is four stars .
 This game is fun and addicting with awesome levels . This will keep you busy for hours . It is easily one og the best racing games ever .
 I own quite a few ps2 controllers and this controller is fine if you want a Mini/Micro wireless controller . Battery life is pretty good , Feel and useablility is pretty good . Overall Nothing is perfect on it . But it does a good job compared to other Madcatz products to warrant a look .
 I loved the cartoon James Bond Jr when I was a kid and I loved the game . The game was originally put out on the NES so the graphics may not seem outstanding for the SNES but they were great for the NES .
 This is the coolest game its almost as kool as the james bond on n64 . This is is a good game to buy you or your kids . It also makes a good present for birthdays or holodays . This game is so good adalts like to play it .
 this is one of the best games for the playstation i 've ever played . it 's just great.i mean , what could possibly be great on a 30mhz processor ? Ghost in the Shell.it plays like a modern -LRB- 2003 -RRB- shooter . it 's mission oriented , you get animation similar to the movie/manga , wow . fun for fans of the movie , or the comic , or for fans of action games ! this is better to me than Mario 64 , mostly because of the thoughtful camera angle . it is a third person game , but you never lose sight of where you 're aiming , nor does backing up into a wall interfere with the camera or your sight . very polished , i wish i could shake the programmers ' hands . no kidding .
 This is the original video game adaptation of the Ghost in the Shell series . The game centers around Fuchikoma combat . Casual fans may remember that there is a scene involving a Fuchikoma mech in the original Ghost in the Shell film -- the shootout in the natural history museum . Fuchikomas are more prominent in the GitS manga series , Masamune Shirow 's poster artwork , and similar `` Tachikomas '' appear in Stand Alone Complex . For those of you who have n't figured it out yet , Fuchikomas are the insect-like mini-tanks that the characters ride around in . In this game the Fuchikomas can climb all over the place -- up walls , on ceilings , etc. . It 's tons of fun to be able to `` go anywhere '' and the controls and handling for the Fuchikomas are excellent.If there is any slight disappointment in this excellent game , it is that the game only involves Fuchikomas . After reading the Ghost in the Shell manga and seeing the first film , one would expect to be able to play as Major Motoko Kusanagi . I guess that you do get to play as her -- she 's piloting the tank . This problem has been remedied in the new Ghost in the Shell game for the Playstation 2 . What is especiallly cool about this game is that the anime cut scenes were made by the same people who made the original film , but it is all brand-new footage . It is a little bit grainy because it 's on the original Playstation , but fans of Ghost in the Shell will enjoy the scenes . The dubbing is by the same people who did the English-language dub for the film -- too bad it 's not in Japanese , but it is a neat attempt at continuity . I recommend playing through the training missions too . Try getting bad scores , good scores and great scores in the training -- there is a variety of different brief anime clips that you get to see when you earn different scores in the training . Plus , the training mode is fun , which is often not the case in video games.Of course , since we 're talking about a game that came out for the original Playstation some years back the graphics wo n't be up to the same standards as current games . Plus , there are a couple of features that seem a little quaint -- enemies re-spawn if you leave and come back.Bottom line , this is a fantastic game . The game play is well-designed , the game is fun , and the game is especially good for fans of the Ghost in the Shell series .
 product came as described . very like the series as a game , had to have it kind of easy and progresses to harder
 Ghost in The Shell is the first game based off of the Ghost in The Shell Manga and Cyberpunk movie series.Plot
 Ok - firstly this is the original Ghost in the Shell game as produced by THQ for the ps1 , rated T for Teen -LRB- 13 + -RRB- . it was released in 1997 , 2 years prior to the release of the ps2 as the flag ship game to the Gits Aime Franchise . This also happened when the first mass printing of the Ghost In The shell-the movie , became available to the public in the USA at large on vhs , laserdisk , and dvdCompatibility
 I love anime . I also love video games . So when I first learned that there was a video game based off the oh-so-cool manga GHOST IN THE SHELL I was at first skeptical . However , after purchasing the game , I came to love it almost as much as the movie . Using a blend of animation from the same people who animated the movie , and great third person shooting action , this game deserves the love of all GITS fans . That is all I have to say .
 this is damn sweet . coolest game i 've played in a long time . it may not be as good as the PS2 or XBOX or Gamecube games but you got ta admit its awesome . it has a very nice third-person veiw -LRB- view from the back that stays there -RRB- , cool machine guns , the grenades are cool too . very powerful . the only cons i have about the game is that the ending is bad and i dont think there is a sequel . if there is someone please e-mail me . that and you should be able to carry more than 3 grenades , even though they are easy to find and can use them without worry . u could probably use 3 a mission . i wouldnt though . save your grenades for the boss . after mission 8 they get really hard . after saying that , the game is very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very cool .
 Yes I got Nitro PC and at first I thought is was a waste of money . Then I found this site on the internet that made wrestlers and new rings for the game . They have all the WWF and all the new WCW guys and you can play with them in the game . I 've been playing off and on for the last two years . This is the greatest game ever for the PC . Oh by the way the address for that site isutrr.hypermart.net
 this is undoubtably the best game ever -LRB- wrestling -RRB- made for PC . I wish they made a sequel . i know it is WCW thunder -LRB- PSX -RRB- 4 pc and THQ were lazy but i still think it is a great game ; the graphics r mad , the game is more detailed and if your a wrestling FREAK -LRB- i am -RRB- u wont care what if THQ were lazy , this is the game 4 u.
 This game is pretty good and you should get it since its only about $ ... dollars.WWE RAW and this game are the only wrestling game for PC so you should get both.Both RAW and Nitro you can add wrestler like what one of the reviewers said.thank him for that website.this game is worth buying it and raw and nitro together cost only about $ ... You should get both of these games because they are very fun ...
 It should work on 98 - the downloadable demo works on my computer with Windows 98 Second Edition . Now I want the full game and ca n't find it . All I 've been able to find is for PlayStation & Nintendo 64 cartridges .
 WCW Nitro is great fun . It 's not perfect , but it 's not bad by any means . Wrestling games on the PC are few to none , and with consoles dominating the sports area of video games , this is probably one of the last wrestling games PC gamers will get to experience . And it 's a pretty good one to boast.There 's a huge selection of wrestlers to choose from . You have the works of the WCW and the nWo -LRB- new World order -RRB- . Each character is detailed nicely , from their faces down to the amount of lightning bolts in Hollywood Hogan 's pants . The animations are pretty good , even for an older game . All of the moves are animated according to their wrestler 's fighting style , so you get a good sense of individuality . One thing you may not like with the animations , however , is the smoothness between moves . Unlike today 's games where every polygon has individual programmed physics into them , this game is based on scripts . So sometimes you may be in the middle of an animation and it will just jump to a new one . Still , this was very familiar during the time of this game . All of the entrances and intro music is there . This just gives the game a more realistic feel to it.One fun thing you can do is actually open the texture files and modify your characters look , which is fun if you 're into making your own style of wrestlers . This is pretty cool since you can actually put more detail in the textures than what was originally intended.Wrestling games may not ever appear on the PC again , but you can still have a lot of fun with a good controller and a friend . I highly recommend this if you just want some cheap wrestling fun .
 Pretty darn good high flying action great wrestlers lots of choices and uncommon detail really good
 Well I have played this game a lot , so that should tell you that it is not a boring game . And also the game has all the best wristlers in it and you could choose any one pluce you could enter chat coades and the game is the coolest game on earth.I hope you people buy the game and hav fun .
 Alot of kids say that the game is wax . but I do n't think so.I have been watching whristling pratically my whole life . WCW is one of the show that I like the best.If whoever do n't want to rate this game I would consault them to change their mind .
 I bought this game a long while back in a yard sale for a few dollars , I was n't expecting much for as old as this game is . Surprisingly , though , this game is incredibly fun and offers a lot of content if you stick with it!This game 's strong points are the music -LRB- which is lovely synth rock -RRB- , the amazing extra content , and the rather fun multiplayer . Speaking of content , you get a lot for what you pay for , such as : - Multiple character colors-Extra camera modes-Hidden comics-Bonus Characters-An entire shoot-em-up game -LRB- dubbed Tiny Phalanx -RRB- ... And a lot more to be found ! Also the game 's great music makes each fight more fun to play and the multiplayer is great with a friend.However , this game 's weaker points are the slightly sluggish controls , and the rather drab graphics . The controls often have a slight delay for attacks and the game can spike in difficulty rather quickly , so be warned ! The graphics themselves are n't too impressive , but for a PS1 Launch Title , it 's still not that bad , but it has n't aged well.All in all , the game does take a long while to get used to , and it can be very difficult , but if you stay with it and understand the flaws , you can really see this game '' s high points and very well enjoy it !
 I just recently played X-men for SG , and realized just how much this game stole from it . However , it has a lot of neat sci-fi elements , beautiful backgrounds , and a bit smoother gameplay than X-men . Recommended for sci-fi fans
 There are n't too many horizontal shooters -LRB- or SHMUPs , if you prefer -RRB- out there that involve submarines and underwater battles outside of a few particular NES titles and some short segments in the Metal Slug series . However , out of all of the other sub horizontal shooters out there , this one is pretty much on the top of its game.Pretty much a budget title from the word `` go '' , In the Hunt is a port of the arcade classic for the PS1 . While its graphics are certainly outdated -LRB- they are n't going to win any awards -RRB- and the game is lacking in bonuses -LRB- what you see is what you get -RRB- , the gameplay is that of a typical shooter from the mid 90 's
 Talk about an incredibly fun game with unlimited eye candy and incredible realism . I am not one of those `` Jurassic Park '' buffs , but this game seemed so fresh after I played it multiple hours a week for the past five years . IT JUST DOES N'T GET OLD ! A real , true , blue classic . The dinosaurs appear so fascinating and move so quickly and smoothly , and the challenge is n't that bad . The gore in `` Primal Rage '' is enjoyable
 Story
 I remember the first time I played Primal Rage it came off as a clone of Mortal Kombat since that was the grand dadddy of all fighting games at the time and huge . You play as a group of dinosaurs that are about to get wiped off the face of the earth by a metor that is about to hit planet earth ending all life you know . You battle it out as either Blizard/Chaos -LRB- Ape -RRB- , Diablo/Sauron -LRB- T-rex -RRB- , Vertigo -LRB- serpant snake vodoo lizard -RRB- , Armadon -LRB- spinosarus -RRB- , or Talon -LRB- raptor -RRB- . Each dinosaru has special moves and finishing moves like Mortal Kombat where they can perform Fatalities on your opponents . Its a fun game that lets you chose your animal and take out your anger on other animals .
 Great game , brings back good memories ! Highly recommended , shipped quickly and arrived in great condition !
 I am a huge fan of the arcade game Primal Rage , although I actually got the SNES game first . Primal Rage is a great game , where seven dino-gods battle for the new Urth . Personally , I love Talon.The only bad part of this game is the graphics . In this category , the arcade version scores 10 times higher . I thought the graphics were much better in the arcade version , but kinda sucky in the SNES version.Besides the graphics , though , Primal Rage is one of the best fighting games out there , although it lacks the 3-Dish characters in hit games like Tekken .
 When I found out that Wayne 's World was a video game for sega , that was all I could think of . I thought that this game was going to be easy ; boy was I wrong . I have n't passed the first level , but I am an uncoordinated dork . Although this game is difficult , in my eyes , I still count it as one of my top ten video games . It is fun and creative . In level one , you must guide Wayne through Kramer 's Music Store . Using the power of `` SCHWING '' , Wayne must ward off monster bagpipes , accordions , and flying kazoos . Your objective in Wayne 's World is to save Garth , who has been kidnapped by Zantar , -LRB- a gelatinous cube -RRB- . Wayne 's World is one player . I highly recommend this video game .
 Are you ready for this ? Number One of the Top Ten Most Bizarre Things To Happen This Year
 Lunar
 Today , the big emphisis in games is graphics
 For the most part , remakes tend to be incredibly tricky affairs . Either they 're merely souped-up versions of the original with better graphics/sound etc or they actually completely alter the game and make it better -LRB- or worse -RRB- . Silver Star originally was on the Sega CD and now we have it here . It even got a further port with Lunar Legend for the GBA . So do n't listen to everyone harping about the graphics or simplistic story or battle engine , it 's an enjoyable and lighthearted RPG that you just ca n't help but be drawn into.Story
 My grandson and I are currently playing this game and almost finished with it . We love it . My grandson says it is awesome . It is your classic rpg with leveling up , buying/finding better equipment and items , Boss fights , wandering across the world . The music is fantastic . My grandson enjoys the Dragon Trials . It is your usual menu type battle-system . I have a large collection of PS one rpg games and I would rank this among the best . Great game !!!
 I remember wanting this game sooooo badly when it was only available for the Sega CD . It is a great game in the traditional Japanese RPG sense . Great story , music , and gameplay , and colorful -LRB- if dated -RRB- graphics . The only negative is the hero 's voice over sounds a little wimpy .
 My daughter received this game for Christmas and she wants to play it almost daily . She is an animal nut and loves the interaction this game gives with the animals . I ca n't recommend this game enough . There is virtually nothing objectionable about this game.My daughter has a Dell desktop with Celeron processor and has no problems running the game .
 my grandson is 10 years old and just loves to build or make almost anything . . he absolutely loves this game and i believe it is more educational than a lot of other types of video games . . he will make a zoo and be so proud and he can be very detailed . . aa + + + + + +
 This has to be the BEST game ever . It is so much fun for all ages . You can make it easy for young children or hard for older ages . EVERYONE must buy this game !!!! If you have a PC with Windows this game SOULD be on your desk . If you like animals without the smell and all the work this is GREAT for you . It is just all around fun !!! A + + + + +
 Uh-oh , just what i needed , another addiction ! this game is great . i 'm a sims 2 player and thought i 'd venture out to new games and came upon this . it 's lots of fun and has pretty good , although very cartoonish , graphics . i am happy with my purchase .
 I bought this game for my grandchildren . They love it and spendhours playing it . What I hear is `` is it my turn yet ? '' and can Iplay with Daddy next . It is entertaining for the young as well asthe adults .
 I keep hearing my 6-year old asking who 's pregnant again when the kids are playing this game . Keeps them entertained for hours .
 My son will play this game for hours , creating awesome zoos . He has had it for over a year . It helps develop computing skills such as working with the mouse . It is definitely exercise for the mind . Encourages creativity . Do n't hesitate to buy this one . No complaints .
 For anyone who loves animals , this game is the best . I love everything about it . An absolute must buy !
 My son really enjoyed this game and its expansions.It is a real good purchase for animal fans !
 A terrific game !! Very fun and challenging with neat , exotic animals , greatbuilding materials , and a zoom in mode that zooms in really close . I likeit a lot !!!!
 I loved the original Zoo Tycoon and this one was even better ! Lot 's of fun , you can ride through your exhibits and help care for the animals . Very fun ! I was n't very impressed with Marine Mania though . Too much money for not a lot of anything . But I would definately recommend the others !
 My daughter likes animals , and this is perfect for her . She can see what the extinct animls were like , feed them , and you can play games like kick a ball to them . The odd thing in extinct animals expansion pack is the dodo birds will eat their poop but my daughter thinks that is funny . We got all the expansion packs on discount , and this was well worth it . The game has never caused problems with installation so it could be your computer , or a faulty disk . The sounds are so realistic , and when you go in the water with the animals it is like your actually under the water with them , and walking around the zoo . My daughter also uses the fences , and wild horses to make a barn instead of a zoo .
 I was buying these for my sister who is in her thirties , when I read the latest review . I do n't know what that person is talking about . I love this game and so does the rest of my family ! The animals do make sounds , I love the zebra it 's my fave !! The koalas scream or cry for their mothers . Anyway I had the first one , and it is completely boring compared to this , you can not even compare them . Night and Day ! My daughter is 10 and loves this and I guess it 's ageless because I am 40 and love it too ! I think my daughter and I have about ten zoos each . AAA + + + +
 Hi.First of all , I loved Zoo Tycoon and Zoo Tycoon 2 , so did my brothers . Also , it is a lot more fun with the expansion pack Zookeeper collection . You get the przewalski wild horse , which is great for me , and the Jeep vehicle tour , which my brothers are really happy about . The only problem we had was our videocard . It was pretty old , too , we just got a new better one , and that was cheap , so now it works great . We do a lot more than just make zoos , too . We make pretend horse stables , farms , and we even imprison guests with tigers . Microsoft did a really good job with this one .
 I recently got this game bought for me as a gift . I have played and loved Zoo Tycoon the first edition and in many ways was a little hesitant about how much it could improve but I would like to say I was over all impressed . I have played now for several hours and I have had no problems that others have mentioned . They have improved the graphics a lot and I love being able to create water falls and new terrains . The old ways of having to have enough money for the right land is no longer there . And also you do n't have to complete all the beginner levels to go up . Each section has a beginner , normal and hard . The reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because for me I fine the mouse to sensitive in the game and also end up with paths in places I did n't want . It took me a while to place things and also being able to create hills that my animals did n't get stuck on and then complain about . But over all I would say if you liked the first you will love this as it has got better . And if you like other tycoon type games this is a good one to try especially now at this price .
 I 'm a 40 + years old female , and I LOVE this game . In a large universe of `` slash 'em up '' , `` blow them away '' games , the Zoo Tycoon series are a breath of fresh air for kids and grownups . My neices introduced me to the Zoo Tycoon 2 game , and I just _ had _ to get the Zookeeper addition.Here is what I love about the zookeeper pack that is new since the regular Zoo Tycoon 2 game : * You can create rides through your exhibits with real Jeeps -LRB- Wranglers , Liberties and Commanders -RRB- and there are a couple of new accessorise to drive through -LRB- giant redwood tree , crystal tunnel -RRB- . * You can create sky tram rides over your exhibits , and there are neat new accessories to put under them -LRB- volcano , geiser , fog machine -RRB- . * There are additional interesting animals amd accessories -LRB- my favorite is the Galapagos Giant Tortoise , and the heat lamp and pond that they come with -RRB- . * You can actually RIDE the skytram and jeeps -LRB- and change seats to watch visitor reactions -RRB- !! This makes it a lot more fun than if you could n't ride . * As an avid gardener , I appreciate the new fun plants - barrel cactus , lady 's slipper , prickly pear cactus , etc. I have a very hard time finding games that are fun and interesting for me . The first one that really hooked me was animal crossing -LRB- cube and ds versions -RRB- . This is the second one that really hooked me . I love all of the different items , and the flexibility to make the zoo reflect my creativity and personality . I encourage all of those game makers to continue producing fun , educational , interesting , flexible , non-violent games . Seems like the few that are out there are really doing well.Just in case someone who designs Zoo Tycoon updates happens to read this , here are some things I would love to see in future games : * More accessories for each specific biome -LRB- like the rainforst fence , or the tundra/desert ones currently in the game -RRB- . I do n't really need one of every kind of food cart , but having specific fences , benches , light posts , restrooms , fountains and statues has been really fun for me . * The ability to participate with more things ; being able to go into the gift shops and view the merchandise -LRB- maybe even to buy things -RRB- , go into the restaurants and see how popular they are , go on the new Sky Tower ride , etc. * While the terrain adjustments are much improved , there are still some bugs . for example , even though an exhibit is completely enclosed by fencing , there are still times when I adjust the depths of the ground in the exhibit , and it creates pockets of unpassable sections outside the exhibit . * It would be nice if you got a lot of zookeepers , if they would actually do all of the work they are capable of . I like using the freeform games , and if I just want to walk around the zoo for a while , I get 5 zookeepers per exhibit , but they still do n't do everything that needs to be done to keep the animals fully happy . I like being able to help groom , restock food and clean up , but do n't want to be _ required _ to do it if I load my zoo with zookeepers and maintenance workers -LRB- note
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first incarnation , and am truly sinking my teeth into this one as well ; really well-done game.In particular , I 'm thrilled that I do n't have to search for the one hunk of ` trampled ' terrain that makes sensitive animals unhappy , or play ` guess the magic incarnation ' for terrain . This is much more fun , and although the critters are more ` cartoony ' overall the game is much more solid.I 'm not thrilled that they 're taking a page from the sims and releasing bits and parts that should have been incorporated into the game from the beginning . There 's making a profit on your product , and then there 's nickle and dime-ing your fan base.Overall I 'm pleased , but it would have been nice to not have to shell out $ 20 for upgrades to a $ 40 game , when ... really . . they should have been in the release to begin with.Oh - and the reviewer that tagged this ` defective by design ' ? Yeah - it 's not their fault you 're not bright enough to work a computer . Spewing venom all over your review -LRB- and highlighting your ignorance -RRB- is n't the way to go about this . It 's not them ... it 's you .
 It 's so weird because when I was playing the first game , I was thinking it would be so cool if you could interact with the animals . Then POOF They came out with Zoo Tycoon 2 ! There 's just one bad thing
 This game is so much better than the last . you can get closer to the animals and pick your own research . there is more hands on activity with the animals . the kids are really enjoying it .
 Zoo Tycoon 2 is a game that is entertaining , educational and just downright fun . The object of the game is to build a world-class zoo . The game offers different terrains for you to explore . One must make the terrains comfortable and pleasing to the animals or they will get upset . Upset animals mean upset guests . Animals mate and give birth . You can sell animals or free them to the wild.Guests want to be entertained and their is a variety of ways to do that . From activities to kiosks , guest will spend money ! They love to eat too!Build restaurants and food booths and do n't forget the bathrooms!This game has no violence ! No one gets killed except the animals from old age or when they fight which is seldom . I highly recommend this game .
 Well worth the money spent ... and too much to go into that is ALL new ! I have truthfully just started the game in the past few weeks ... and I am still `` learning '' new things within the game . It is a lot of work and more fun since this game -LRB- unlike the first Zoo Tycoon -RRB- allows you to mix and match different species of animals together in this game . The graphics are also well done ... both in animals and people.If you have n't tried any of the Tycoon series games ... this one is well worth the time and money to spend .
 Zoo tycoon 2 Zookeeper Collection is a great deal I got it for only $ 30 when Zoo Tycoon 2 , African Adventure Expansion , and Endangered Species Expansions -LRB- all included in this package -RRB- Originaly cost about $ 20 each.This game is really fun at first but after creating multiple zoos in Freeform and completing both Challange and Campaign modes the game has lost some of its fun but is definatly still 4 or more stars worthPeople with slow computers will not enjoy the game as much as people with fast computers i recommend at least 1gb of ram
 I got this game for my birthday and I love it!The only problom is that when you choose a place to put your zoo , -LRB- and you nearly played all the places -RRB- it gets boring.You try to find the right place but you ca n't find it.That gets frustrating.But other then that its great!You get A LOT of animals.One of my Favorite animals is the grey wolf.I have all the zootycoons . -LRB- Exact the zootycoon2 : Dino Danger Pack -RRB- But you just get 4 dinosauers . -LRB- Sorry if I spelled wrong . -RRB- Bye !
 This is a very fun game . You create your own zoo , how you want it .
 The first time I was introduced to the Zoo Tycoon world , I was at my friend 's house , probably not more than ten or so years old . She had the original Tycoon , and we must have spent at least two hours just playing that . I had so much fun , I remembered the title and bought the game -LRB- which was probably about 50 $ at the time , including the expansion packs -RRB- for myself , which ended up giving me hours upon hours of fun . So when I heard a second one was coming out , my heart leapt at the idea . But when I got it for my birthday , it did n't work on my old computer , and I was so upset -- but a few years later , when I got my current desktop , it ran like a dream . It entertained me for hours upon hours , even more so than the first . I am a teenager now , into more blood-and-gut games , and it amazes me that I still play it -- though it embarrasses me a little at some of the cookey things that go in it -LRB- the flashing emoticons , and the screaming kids on the tour rides -RRB- , but I love building the entire zoo , choosing from all kinds of buidlings , and letting my imagination soar . Young kids will find this game a bit complicated -LRB- it is E-10 , after all , which I think is very appropriate -RRB- , and the challenges and campaign are all still difficult even to me , but I enjoy them nonetheless . The Endangered Species and African Animals expansion packs basically just included more animals that SHOULD have been in the original , although in Endangered animals you can also build fun tour rides on land and air . By far the best part off all this is being able to walk around with the animals , take care of them , and take pictures of your zoo . But if you want even more fun , there are two other expansion packs available
 I 've had this game for about six months , and I love it . It 's a whole lot of fun building and running a zoo . There are lots and lots of animals , and this includes the Endangered Species and African Adventure packs which add even more animals.You can build sky trams and jeep rides , take photos of animals , feed and water , control ticket and concession sales , and adopt or release animals into the wild . It 's a whole lot of fun creating and controlling your very own zoo.The game mechanics are a bit difficult to master , but after two or three hours you 'll be a master . Real little kids probably wo n't be very good at this but I 'd say 8 yrs and up will do just fine.Unlike most games your kids will actually be learning while they play this . Educational value is always a plus . This would be a great game for teachers to have in the classroom for those rainy days when the playground is closed .
 I love this game , I 've had it since it came out , but had to buy a replacement after losing the install disc . There are so many new features in this game , including the jeep trails and sky trams that play is endless . The animal list goes on and on , and you can download a few new content from the zoo tycoon website . The graphics are really great , even on non gaming computers -LRB- which mine is far from a gaming computer ! -RRB- . I 'd recommed this game to anyone who enjoys animals and making extremely lifelike and realistic habitats .
 The game is initially very fun . Like most other games it kind of loses its flame after awhile . There are only so many scenarios you can put with a zookeeper game and only so many zoos you can build without getting bored with it . But it is fun for awhile and it thus is all I expect from a game . Have n't found one yet that can entertain for years and years after I 've done everything in the game . The added bonus packs add a lot of animals and that is fun . It 's a pretty easy game to get the hang of . Probably a great game for a youngster who is really interested in animals but able to keep up with a strategy game . I 'd recommend it .
 I bought this for my son and he has absolutely loved it . His friend has Zoo Tycoon 2 also but it does n't have the expansion packs on it like this one does , and his friend paid more . I am a very pleased parent and am so happy to see games that really bring out our children 's creativeness and imagination . Much better than just sitting at the Playstation all day . Shop with confidence from Amazon . I have not had a bad experience yet and have shopped with them for years . Thanks !!
 We recently purchased this game and my son gotecstatic playing this game . Several new features have beenadded since the prior release . The graphics look great .
 I am an animal lover . I was really excited when I got this game!There are 3 types of ways to play . Campaign play , Challange play , and my favorite , Freeform play . Campaign play are challanges , for unlocking special things for your zoo , I find it really boring ! Challange Play is you get to choose your money , -LRB- it is basically building your zoo with limit amount of money and your start out with barly any animals , food carts , fences , paths . My favorite is Freeform because you get unlimited amount of money , and all the Animals are unlocked , Food Carts , I mean everything except the Campaign things you win.Let me go down into the basics , You have to make the zoo PERFECT , I mean when you build a 10x10 square exhibit for Giant Pandas in freeform play -LRB- with the cubing den , tree stump shelter , lots of bamboo , with the temperate forest biome , with a little pond for drinking , enrichment items , filled with trees , zookeepers , all perfect -RRB- I put 4 female Pandas and 2 males -LRB- lots of males can lead to aggression -RRB- and are fine.after a while all the Pandas go mad with socialness -LRB- needs more pandas -RRB- I put 2 more males , the first pandas are satisfied , but the 2 extra males want more , I put more pandas then they need more space ! It is tiresome really . Then the zookeepers start firing me questions a million at a time like bullets , all at once , they say , zookeeper 2 ca n't reach Giant Panda 4 , or Zookeeper 1 ca n't reach the bamboo , right when the pandas start eating it . It is tough tough tough ! The zookeepers expect you to be perfect right on time!Here are some positive things , there are a good variety of animals , good graphics , I guess you ca n't expect them to be perfect , It 's just a game.It is fun overall.Hope this review helped .
 Zoo Tyccon 2 Zookeeper collection is a really fun game where you design your own zoo , from the exibits to the guest amenities . Youe have over 70 animals to choose from!I suggest you get the Zookeeper collection , as for $ 10 more , you get a $ 40 value . Both expantion sets are a $ 20 value , so it 's like your getting one expantion pack half off , and another one free ! Plus , they add 105 new guest amenity items . They also add a terrian car tour of the zoo , and a wire-cart tour . They are both fun to build . You can also , in Zookeeper mode , enter the exibits as if your there ! You can take pictures of the animals too ! There are three modes . The sandbox mode let 's you build a zoo with no limit on money . Challenge mode starts you out with some money and a limited amount of options for animals , zoo decor , etc. . As your zoo gets more and more fame , you get more stars , which unlock new items . Plus , they give you challenges you can accept . You recieve rewards like zoo cash grants of an award that increases zoo fame if you manage to complete the challenges . Compaign mode takes you to a pre-started zoo and gives you a few hard challenges . When you complete them , you unlock objects that you ca n't even use in sandbox mode otherwise . This is a really fun game , and I think it is very reasonable priced . This game is fun for kids and adults alike .
 I purchased the original Zoo Tycoon a couple of years ago . Then I upgraded to Zoo Tycoon 2 and it was well worth it . You can interact with the animals , and actually walk , ride a jeep , or ride the sky lift through your creation ! On the educational side , you have to make a successful atmosphere for a variety of animals , using a variety of biomes . It teaches children how animals live together , eat , and reproduce . It does n't show details of reproduction , but they have to figure out that there has to be a male and female to get a baby ! I would n't recommend it for children under about 8 years old because of the difficulty of constructing exhibits , and maintenance of the zoo economically , but anyone older will love it !!
 Hello . I 'm 13 years old I got Zoo Tycoon 2
 Zoo Tycoon 2 Zookeeper collection is a really great game . Some of the animals you can chose from are giraffes , rhinos , wolves , wild dogs , pandas , komodo dragons , crocodiles , horses , gazelles , zebras and wild cats like lions . In the game you can put soda , burger and other food stands . You can also have gift shops and playground equipment like slides and jungle gyms . There are also jeep vehicle stations that your guest and you can ride in ! Your guest can get upset if it smells or an animal is upset so you need to keep your guest happy . Your zoo can get up to five stars . There are three modes . In one mode you have to use money and you have to earn the animals in your zoo by getting stars and earthquakes can hit your zoo . In the other mode you have all the animals and do n't need to use money or have earthquakes . The other mode has tutorials and scenarios . I love the Zoo Tycoon 2 series and have Marine Mania and Extinct Animals expansion packs .
 My husband and I bought this game for my 8-yr-old stepson for Christmas . He is an animal lover and wants to be a zookeeper when he grows up . He has spent hours on this game , building his zoo , taking care of the animals , learning lots of interesting facts . It 's just challenging enough that it keeps him very involved , not too hard that he gets frustrated . I 'd highly recommend this game for your little animal lover !
 I would recomend this game to anyone , animal lover or not , especially if they like tycoon games . Freeform is awsome , the scenarios fun -LRB- sometimes frustrating -RRB- , But fun fun fun . You can get evey animal from secretary birds to gray wolves to red pandas . In freeform mode you have unlimited money and EVERY object is availible , save the ones ulnocked from scenarios . This is ZT2 with Endangered species and african expansion packs for the price of slightly less than ZT2 and ONE of the expansion packs . It is worth the money .
 The most fun Zoo building game I 've ever seen !
 I 'm a huge fan of Zoo Tycoon & I 've bought all the expansions . I absolutely could n't wait for Marine Mania because that was my favorite in the original Zoo Tycoon . It was well worth the wait . Of course I 'd like more scenarios but with the 9 additional that 's what I 've come to expect out of expansions . This expansion features has 20 marine animals -LRB- whales , dolphins , rays , sharks , otters & then some -RRB- + the ability to train & put on shows with some of the animals . The shows are pretty neat & it 's fun to be able to swim with the animals . With the plants & rocks in the tank it looks pretty realistic . when you 're in the tanks . If you are a fan of Zoo Tycoon 2 I 'm sure you 'd love this expansion pack . Buy it !!!
 Marine Mania is the best expansion pack out . The graphics are wonderful . I have learned a lot about marine animals since I got it.-Add 20 beautiful marine animals -LRB- mammals , fish , reptiles -RRB- . - The game also comes with a useful tool -- the eyedropper . It is used to easily duplicate objects . - Now the trees , bushes , and grasses now sway with the add of the expansion ; making it look even more realistic as you tour your zoo.You can now go under water in the ponds , lakes or tanks you construct . Even add koi to ponds . - Train orcas , dolphins , seals and more to make incredible shows to wow your guests.However ... I would recomend it be a tad more realistic in some ways -LRB- carrots cost $ 50 ea. , animals get stuck in the ground -RRB- . The game itself should be about $ 20 -LRB- that 's how much I got it for on sale -RRB- . Do not get it if you do n't have a NEW computer . Older ones ca n't handle the game . Overall I give this game a high rating and recomend it to animal lovers .
 Zoo Tycoon 2
 I own all of the Zoo Tycoon games . I could n't wait for Zoo Tycoon 2
 My child loves the game . We had some trouble getting it to run , but the Game 's Tech Support was easy to reach and solved the problem quickly .
 I bought this expansion pack as an xmas gift . We love it . It is easier to create biomes than the past ones and we always welcome new challenges and campaigns . The animals are interesting and the whole family is certainly learning more about ocean life . Training the animals can be tedious but it is definitely fun for adults and kids alike . It is very addictive though and you can easily suck up an afternoon creating/playing . Enjoy !!!
 I purchased this game for my grandchildren and they absolutely love it.They spend hours playing this game with their Dad and always want to know if it is their turn yet . It is entertaining and fun .
 I 've always enjoyed the Zoo Tycoon game series . I was looking forward to the release of Marine Mania , and have been quite satisfied with it since the purchase . Great variety of animals .
 This is a really good game . I love being able to swim with the animals and teach the animal tricks . I think this adds on to zoo tycoon 2 really well . it really makes it more interesting . I can play this game for hours with out getting bored . The only bad thing is the walls on the tank get dirty really quickly . But other than that this game is worth you money for sure !!!!!!!! Heather
 Marine Mania adds 20 animals to Zoo Tycoon 2 but here is the catch : they are all sea animals ! Some Marine Mania animals can be trained . You can create a show when they become more experienced . Marine Mania also adds new scenarios ! You also get 3 new biomes and therefore you get more options in where to place your zoo . You get new buidings like a Marine Themed gift shop and you get more scenery options like the seal statue and music fountain . If you love Zoo tycoon 2 , get this expansion pack !
 I originally bought Zoo Tycoon 2 -LRB- Zoo Keeper version with two expansions -RRB- for my daughter and I . It was so great that we got the Marine Mania expansion as well . We were not disappointed . The entire set is a fantastic game as well as a learning experience . Although the game recommends ages 10 and up , my daughter is six and would play this game all day if we let her . Marine Mania has great new features such as tank walls and training marine animals for shows . The game and all the expansions are rather pricey but I think it 's worth the price .
 I love the marine animals , the water tanks , the shows , the filters . The expansion certainly has `` expanded '' the FUN
 This expansion adds marine animals which are great fun to teach tricks and then they attract visitors to your zoo
 Great fun . Looking forward to more adventures in the future .
 Marine Mania is a well-developed game . I do n't have all the zoo tycoon expansion packs , but I have marine mania and endangered species . This is my favorite game out of those . I like to train the animals and put on shows . But I do n't play it that much , because it keeps crashing on my only 4-year-old PC ! But overall , I love this game ! It probly crashes because the game is too strong and complicated for my computer . Anyway , I love this game !
 It takes a long time to train an animal . Even to hire it done . I love the items you can purchase . It is fun , just takes a while to train .
 Bought Marine Mania and other ZT 2 expansion packs for my kids . They love it and told me Marine Mania is the best .
 I liked this game from the start . It took me about 5 minutes to download . When I started to play it I loved the fact that you could teach the water animals tricks . The bad thing is you cant teach all the animals tricks . This was the first Expansion pack I got and I think it is a good one to start with because it is really easy .
 This game is a total must-have to your Zoo Tycoon 2 collection!Animals : All-new animals , including turtles , manta rays , sharks , and show animals such as sea lions , orcas , bottlenose dolphins , and balugas , just to name a few.The wonderful tank building is a great addition . Easy to learn , fun to make , and great for for the Sea-World builder in you.My favorites : My most favorite part in the game is creating the shows . It 's really cool to try and create a five-star show.My favorite trick is the wave , where bottlenose dolphins and other animals wave . My other favorite trick is where the sea lion rides on a swing.My favorite animal has to be the Californian Sea Lion . They 're just adorable with those little whiskers!A wonderful game for all ages . So much fun !
 I have enjoyed all the zoo tycoon products and I have to admit I am 31 ! The improved graphics in this version are a great improvement from the first one and adding the Marine animals gives you a lot more variety to work with ! Good fun ! My 4 year old loves to sit with me while I play and `` walk '' through the zoo with me . He loves to get to press the space bar to take care of the animals ' needs !
 Great game for zoo tycoon fans . Adds a fairly wide variety of marine fauna and underwater plants as well as sea shore plants . This Zoo tycoon 2 expansion pack also provides a couple of pre-made tanks with animals as well as a koi fish in your scenery section of Zoo tycoon . Note : to play this pack you must have Zoo tycoon 2 the main pack to play.great game !!!
 I am a BIG fan of zootycoon.I have zootycoon 2 and zootycoon 2 : Marine Mania.For my Birthday I am getting zootycoon C.C -LRB- complete collection -RRB- , zootycoon 2 : Endangered species , and other zootycoons.I LOVE ANIMALS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This addition only enhances Zoo Tycoon 2 . You can create marine biomes using walls , or just a natural water feature . You can create shows with the dolphins and orcas , and some of the animals you can interact by riding them ! . It is a little difficult to set up the shows , because they wo n't perform unless they are perfectly happy in their environment , but it is worth the purchase .
 Note
 I was waiting for this to come out , and it is sooo cool !! My favorite NEW animal is the Goblin Shark , which is a mysterious benthic denzian . I love creating shows , although training the animals is tedious and sometimes animals get put in crates after shows . The only other problem is that whale sharks come as adolecents and `` grow up into adults later '' . I have a zoo that 's on its 2nd year , and NONE of the sharks got bigger . Also , do n't put too many marlins in a tank , as they have a lot of babies ;-RRB- The small tanks , touch pool , and the marine music rock are a few of my favorite decorations . The ability to create koi ponds is cool , but they have to be big and if you 're puting them into a tank , be sure it 's a turtle or something like that . I am saddend that you can no longer purchase mermaids , but I do love the false killer whales and the leather back sea turtles . -LRB- IF YOU ARE READING THIS AND HAVE THE ORIGIONAL MARINE MANIA , PUT MERMAID STATUES INTO YOUR TANKS !! -RRB- Overall , a VERY , VERY good game .
 I really enjoy playing the whole series of Tycoon games . I like how games like Zoo Tycoon and Rollercoaster Tycoon let you be free and create anything you want . It provides hours of endless fun . So now we come to the 3rd expansion pack for Zoo Tycoon 2 , which gives you about 20 new animals and some new scenery and building options . The expansion is pretty cool , but they need to improve some of the basic game play in these expansions . This game is now almost 3 years old , and the graphics are getting really dated and need an upgrade . Also , sometimes the animal 's movements can become shaky and uncoordinated . I like the new additions this expansion pack adds , but better graphics and smoother animations would really make this expansion addictive and realistic . The ability to train whales and dolphins is nice , and you can ride with sea turtles . My only other complaint is that all the expansion packs say they add new scenery , when it 's usually just the same basic objects with new colors . For example , the food stands will be the same as the originals , but maybe be blue instead of red . It just seems like a company as important as Microsoft could have put a little more effort into the game . The animals are neat , but things like the graphics really need to be upgraded . You do n't really feel like you 're in a zoo when you walk up to a person and their head looks like a cube .
 True to it 's name , `` Mania '' ... my grandson has played this game more than any he has . He is thoroughly satisfied with this game and so am I.I do n't have to be concerned about violence or bad language . It really keeps you busy taking care of the zoo , the animals and the marine life and keeping them all happy and healthy . I would recommend this game for all kids.Zoo Tycoon 2
 With this expansion pack , you can now train marine animals to do shows . Through series of tracing with the mouse , clicking the mouse , and pressing the arrow keys , you train each animal on their different tricks . Then you can choose the order of the tricks to customize your shows . You can also choose to purchase a trainer and have him/her do the training for you . My 6-year-old son loves Zoo Tycoon 2 and enjoys it even more since we 've purchased the Marine Mania and Extinct Animals expansion packs .
 I have played Zoo Tycoon 2 for about 6 months now and wanted something more so I ordered this expansion pack . I love Sea World and this was the perfect expansion to create my own little water park . If you have kids over the age of 4 , I would buy this . Every animal has a bio and history which is educational & fun to learn about . You have to make sure each different animal is housed in its natural habitat as well . I know more about animals and their biomes that I learned in school . I think this game would enterain ages 5-50 . I ca n't wait until another expansion comes out !
 I love the game itself and it is soooooo fun . The animals are very interactive and realistic , but it takes nearly ten minutes for my computer to load the game , then save it when I exit it -LRB- minus 1 star -RRB- !
 I love this game it was my first expansion to the Zoo Tycoon 2 , but Zoo Tycoon ca n't be experienced fully by just having this expansion . In order to get a real thrill of the game it is ideal to buy both expansions Marine Mania and Extinct Animals .
 This was for my 12 year old son . He loves it . It keeps him engaged and thinking . He 's always planning something .
 We eventually bought the whole expansion pack because we love this game so much ! Seriouly my son and daughter learn so much about animals and it 's fun at the same time !
 Zoo Tycoon 2
 I love these types of games , and I also love the ocean . This expansion pack has a lot of new animals that are a blast to add to the zoo . The animal shows are also great . Fun game .
 Marine Mania was -- in my humble opinion -- the best xpack in the original Zoo Tycoon series . It holds the same position for me in the second run of the hit game -- only because it can not go higher.In the orginal Marine Mania , marine animals were added to your already impressive arsenal of critters -LRB- such as whales , dolphins , sea otters ... -RRB- . Most of these creatures live in tanks , so you were given tank walls instead of fences for enclosures , or you could split them to make a hybrid tank . Some of the animals could also perform in shows , which you could set up to awe your guests -- or lull them into sleep.Sounds like it could n't get any better , huh ? Well , it did . Everything in the original Marine Mania is here in the second version -- plus a few other things . In this version , you can actually dive into the tanks with the animals -LRB- The catch is you do n't have to breathe -- since it 's an E-10 game , i can see where Microsoft was going with that -RRB- and even swim with a select few of them . You can actually train your future stars yourself , or hire a trainer -LRB- a trainer takes longer to train the animals -- but it gets boring really quick if you do it yourself . your choice -RRB- . It 's cool that you can actually sit and watch your show -- if you can stand it . It is nearly impossible to create a show that your guests actually like -LRB- the closest i 've gotten is ` that show was OK ' . not exactly perfect , huh ? -RRB- Nevertheless , this is still a fantastic expansion pack , and I think that the good balances out the bad pretty well . It may not be perfect , but is better than the original . Play it and I think you will agree .
 My twelve year old daughter is a HUGE fan of Zoo Tycoon and has been making me 100 % insane , asking we drive all over Atlanta to find this game . All other resources exhausted I turned to the ever faithful amazon.com . The game was delivered well before Christmas and delighted her beyond words Christmas morning . This entire line of games -LRB- along with SIMS -RRB- has given her hundreds upon hundreds of fun electronic time .
 This is one of my all time favorite games . Very fun . Kids enjoy playing also . Just wish there was more senerios . nice graphics
 this game is great i looooove it the graphics are great just like zoo tycoon 2 , endangered species , and african adventure !!! i love this one because if you get the expansion for the zookeeper collection there sooo many campaighn games and the challenge games have a lot of cool stuff . all the marine animals are so cool but the reason that its rated 10 + is because the animals can die somtime they die because their sick or somtimes thev ' e been attaked or somtimes old age , i pesonaly think thats really cool -LRB- not that they die -RRB- but thats exzatly what the cycle of life is !! you can train your marine animals like the dolphin or orca to do tricks and then enter them in shows and you try to make your shows 5 * s its sooo fun you can also unlock stuff in campaighn games so you can upgrade your show platform well anyway this game is great i no kids will loooooove it and i 've met adult who love it tooo !!!!!!!!!
 This game is fun for more than one person to sit down a create together . A great family time game . Teaches kids to be responsible for the lives of animals .
 I bought this for my daughter and it seems i play it as much as she does . It 's a lot of fun . There are more features , slightly better graphics & better game play . It is an expansion pack , so you must own Zoo Tycoon 2 to add this .
 This game is awesome!Not only do you get a lot of new Marine items but you get new regular items to -LRB- such as the black panther . -RRB- ! I love taking care of and training the whales/other animals.The simplest zoo 's get a lot of business , especially if your animals know a trick or two . It has better graphics , I still ca n't wait to see the graphics for ZT3 but I know it 's just going to keep getting better and better.Hope you enjoy it as much as I do . < 3
 I like the new animals and the new features in this expansion . The new animal shows are interesting to create . The animals in this expansion are like the others in the previous games , they keep you busy for many hours of fun . The new aquarium buildings and all the ocean life are interesting aspects of the game to create realistic homes for your animals . If you love the previous expansions you will love Marine Mania .
 When I installed the game , my desktop icon disappeared . I 'm sure there is a way to get it back ... but the game is fun . I 'm still going through the challenge games ... I love the landscape paintbrush & that it does n't cost money !
 In this game , you play as Ico , a young boy emprisoned because he has horns . Soon the shell-like cell where he 's held captive breaks and Ico manages to get free . That 's where you take up the reins.Upon visiting your prison , you stumble across the girl Yorda and save her from a bunch of shadow-like monsters . Taking her by the hand , you can now escape together . You 'll have to help her , and she 'll sometimes help you in return . Do n't leave her alone for too long or more shadow wraiths will try to drag her back to their holes.In short , the game is series of puzzles where you have push crates , light torches , climb up chains and ladders , activate switches or throw bombs to open your way further , with a kind of `` mix between Zelda and Myst '' feel to it . But summing it up to this is n't doing Ico justice . Granted , it is rather short , with only about eight to ten hours of gameplay . However , it 's set in a world so fascinating , so poetic and mysterious , the whole game taking place in one huge , breathtakingly beautiful fortress of sun-bathed sand-coloured stone with patches of bright green grass , that it 's definitely worth a try .
 Some time ago , when the original PlayStation was still in the process of taking over the gaming industry , I remember reading an article stating that the next generation of consoles will be so technologically advanced that developers will have unlimited possibilities - the next step would be how to incorporate real , timeless emotion into gaming.Years later , we 've got not one , but THREE highly capable consoles to choose from , and there 's still been only one game to tap that emotional potential
 This was the title that I just could not wait to get my hands around . I bought the Playstation magazine , ripped open the demo and was amazed with what I had found . I ran out and bought it the day it came out and was immediately absorbed in the rich detail of the game . Finally a title that took a different angle with a unique storytelling method in the form of non-verbal communication . The graphics were amazing and the detail was nothing short of spectacular.However , there are three details that prevent this from being a five star game . 1 -RRB- The camera angles and pan and scan -LRB- look around mode -RRB- are very akward at some critical points in the game . This can be a major drawback in the gameplay . 2 -RRB- The puzzles are very easy to solve . I played through the entire game only being stumped for a total of 5 minutes . 3 -RRB- The game is way too short . In an era where video games cost ... a pop after tax , you just ca n't afford to lay out cash for a game that can be completed in under 7 hours.In summary , this game was very fun to play but left me begging for more log time actually playing it . A definite rental but save your money for Soul Reaver , MGS2 , or SilentHill 2 .
 Seriously . It is . No game is as emotionally involving . Its a wonderful adventure with an ending that is felt in your heart . The game gives us entertainment all while it reaches into your soul and brings you into its world . So few games do this , and this one does PEFECTLY . The soundtrack , the story , the ending , the gameplay , the graphics , and design all come together to form the most enjoyable game ever made . You 'll care about your adventure , and when its over , you 'll miss it . But you will feel complete . This is ART disguised as a game . This is a cinematic , romatic , fantasy adventure full of joy and wonder . DO NOT MISS THIS GAME . IT BELONGS IN EVERYONES HOME LIBRARY . This game is innocent enough for your children , and emotionally strong enough for adults -LRB- MEN AND WOMEN -RRB- . It reaches into the very heart of all of us and takes us into another world . Enjoy . You will not be sorry . As a 25 year old gamer ever since Pacman . . This is the best game i 've ever experienced . Better than Zelda , Final Fantasy , Metal Gear Solid ... Better than them all .
 I played this game when the PS2 was first released back around the turn of the century ... seems like a long time ago when I put it that way . The game ambiance is beautiful . The combination of CGI environment with the music and sounds are amazing . Basically , you are a boy warrior trying to help a little girl princess escape the grasps of her evil queen mother who wants to use her -LRB- the princess -RRB- to prolong her -LRB- the queen -RRB- life . While trying to escape the castle you are confronted with lots of puzzles while various evil shadow creatures attempt to pull the princess back to the queen . ICO is definitely one of those sleeper hits . But the only thing lamer than raving fanboys pointlessly sticking up for their favorite console are online price jackers . This game is one of those games where one day someone said `` I love this game , I 'm going to put it on eBay and further bastardize the term `` rare '' by putting that in the description to try and sell this game at a hugely inflated price . '' And you know what ... it worked . Even though this game is far from being in short supply on the used games sales list , or rare , people are still willing to pay around -LSB- ... -RSB- for it simply because the online retail sector says it should be so . The game is awesome and very challenging , but seriously , stop paying these people these ridiculous prices for these types of games . If people stop buying the games at these prices then eventually the prices will drop to a fair , used price . The game is not rare , so do not believe it .
 ICO is an absolutely brilliant , gem of a game . I wo n't give away the ending , but it has an amazing , yet simple twist of fate . The makers of this title were superb in their thirst for creating adventure . It is extremely well done , complete in details and seamless design . But when I say that it 's `` imaginative '' I do n't JUST mean the game 's design . I also mean that the game inspires the imaginations of its players . As I was helping ICO solve the doomed castle 's puzzles , my mind was racing as it tried to imagine the complex back story of the castle , its dark queen , ICO and his princess . I would not hesitate to buy this game 's sequel , if ever one is produced , but I would be even more interested to see a prequel brought to bear on this tale . The game itself feels like the middle chapter in an epic trilogy of the Lord of the Rings genre . I would love to hear what the game 's designers had to say about the story before we meet ICO and what lies ahead in his and Yorda 's path . The game was an instant classic and even after beating it you will have a hard time letting it go . It is just that enjoyable . Give it a shot ; you wo n't be disappointed . And if you are part of the industry , please , PLEASE make a prequel or sequel to this inspiring quest !
 Ico has some of the most atmospheric music and level designs out of any game ever produced for a console . It is a fairy tale meant to enchant -LRB- semi - -RRB- grown-ups . However many gushing reviews you may read about the emotional response Ico brings out in people , you may notice that the actual gameplay pales in comparison to the game experience . Fighting with a stick means lots of button mashing and little in the way of technique or strategy . The 3D camera controls are of an early vintage that may frustrate modern gamers . I polished it off in 10 or so hours and I was really trying to take my sweet time.All in all this is a wonderful game to experience , but as for playing it ... not so much . 3 to 4 stars .
 I bought this title purely on Game site recommendations of the best PS2 games around a couple of years ago & I 'm glad to say that I found it to be the most visually arresting game I 've ever played . My favorite type of games are Role-Playing , in the main because shoot me ups and fast driving games make me physically nauseous , in the Sea-Sick kind of way . So , I have stuck to games like ` Silent Hill 1 , 2 & 3 ' , ` Fatal Frame ' & so on . What I particularly like about this game is that the cut scenes blend perfectly with the play scenes so that you do n't get that horrible sense of let-down that unfortunately comes with some other games . You have a huge environment to explore & a it 's visually stimulating especially once you get into the outdoor environments with clouds , water , mountains , trees & huge castle battlements giving an epic ` Lord of the Rings ' style grandeur to the proceedings . The hero ` Ico ' is easy to move around and moves with a nicely fluid motion . This is especially true of the girl ` Ico ' has to save whose movements are the best I 've ever seen in a game and by best I mean most realistic & beautiful . A lot of people have mentioned how artistically & aesthetically pleasing this game is and that is certainly true and even though it 's a few years old now the graphics are still impressive . The puzzles are pretty difficult , although I 'm not a weekly gamer warrior , I found it gave me quite a few weekends satisfaction trying to find things and sort through the puzzles . And even if you have trouble getting through the game you really wo n't mind as it 's such a visually arresting game to play and enjoy . My highest recommendations for this title .
 The overall atmosphere created by the stunning graphics and fabulous sound is simply wonderful . The player is presented with an interesting variety of puzzles which are essentially `` do-able '' within a relatively short time , -LRB- unlike many games in which an unassailably difficult `` wall '' is reached at some point preventing progression -RRB- . In a way , the puzzles are something to keep you amused whilst you are having fun exploring . It is great for those who have a romantic streak and are n't really interested in competitive , skill-centred games . Overall , the effect is both haunting and emotional . This game is so good , it borders on the sublime !
 If you have n't already played Ico , an oldie but goodie for the PS2 , I highly recommend you go out -LRB- and by go out I mean browse on over to amazon.com -RRB- this minute and pick up a copy . The total play time is rather short by some standards , about 10 hours or so , but those 10 hours are filled with wonderful puzzles , stunning vistas , and great game play.First and foremost , Ico is a puzzle game classified under `` Action Adventure '' according to < a href = `` http://www.gamespot.com/ps2/adventure/ico/index.html '' > gamespot.com < / a > ; big on the adventure , not so big on the action . As someone who plays < a href = `` http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect?link_code=ur2&camp;=1789&tag;=protocol7net-20&creative;=9325&path;=tg/detail/-/B00007LV7Y/qid=1122190035/sr=8-3/ref=pd_bbs_unbuck_3?v=glance%26s=videogames%26n=229534 '' > Silent Hill < / a > with the fighting settings on low and the puzzle settings on high , I thought the ratio of action to adventure worked well and allowed me to concentrate on the puzzles . I found that when the baddies did show up the timing and placement of their arrival actually enhanced the game and puzzle , which goes to further emphasize that everything about this game is well thought out and implemented . There is nothing extraneous or gratuitous about Ico.As the title indicates , you play a young boy named Ico who is on his way to being sacrificed because he happens to have horns growing from his head . The villagers take him to a remote castle island and lock him inside a tomb to meet his fate . A sizeable earthquake reveals that his fate is different from those who came before him , as his tomb tumbles from the shelf and he finds himself free in a vast , empty castle . A bit of exploration reveals Yorda , a young , silent and mysterious girl trapped in a cage whom he immediately frees . The interaction between Yorda and Ico is intrinsic to the environmental puzzles that permeate the game . While Yorda is mobile there is little she can seemingly do on her own , nor can she be left alone for long before she will be attacked by enemies . Ico must drag her around , coax her up and down ladders , catch her when her jumps fall a bit too short of the gap , and protect her from those that wish to attack her . This can be annoying at times , but overall the interactions between Yorda and Ico , her relience on him , and the animations for both nuture an emotional link and investment in the game.An added bonus , which I 'm not sure is present in the U.S. release , is a two player feature that can be unlocked after completing Ico for the first time . After the credits roll and you wake up on a beach , you must find Yorda and then save the game . This will allow one player to take control of Yorda the second time through the game . New weapons are also available the second time around.Five stars , two thumbs up , and full marks on whatever other ranking system you 'd like to invoke . Ico is masterfully done in both artwork and game play , and is an experience I think everyone should have as part of their cultural lexicon . Yes , I like it that much .
 Every once in a while , a game comes along that redefines innovation and sets a standard for all others to follow . `` Legend of Zelda '' for the NES defined adventure-style gaming , `` Final Fantasy VII '' for the PSX brought RPGs to the mainstream , and `` Super Mario 64 '' for the N64 is what all 3D platformers are compared to to this day . Joining this list of games is `` ICO '' for the PS2 . So what does `` ICO '' redefine in terms of innovation ? The experience . `` ICO '' at its core is a platformer and puzzle-solver with some basic combat elements , but its deeper aspects make it far more than that . The title character , Ico , must lead a young girl called Yorda out of a rundown castle and protect her from shadow creatures that try to reclaim her . The gameplay is very simplistic and yet contains one of the richest experiences ever found in gaming . The way Ico leads Yorda around is so beautiful , so powerful than it makes the player forget that he 's playing a game and is instead living a dream . The dual-shock controller adds to the experience by causing the player to `` feel '' Ico leading Yorda by the hand . Add in realistic body physics , and the feeling is one that remains etched in a player 's memory.Adding to the unforgettable experience are superb graphics , some of the best the PS2 has seen . While the characters can look a little hazy sometimes , they always look , act , and seem real . The environment itself is a work of art . Unlike games like `` Myst '' , where puzzles are just put there with no purpose other than to be solved , the castle is a living and breathing puzzle that is there for a purpose . Textures , lighting effects , and water effects all add to the magic the gameplay already casts.Soundwise , there is n't a lot of music in the game except during cutscenes , pause menu , and the ending . But had there been music duing gameplay , it might 've actually ruined the experience . A whistling castle with dripping water , crackling fire , and the footsteps of Ico and Yorda is all that 's needed here . It simply adds to the experience . Also , the original voices were left in the game , and subtitles have been provided.With all the good that `` ICO '' has , is there bad ? Unfortunately , yes . The game is sadly quite short . Seasoned players can finish this game in 7-10 hours or even less , and replay value is n't very high for some players . The battles in `` ICO '' are very easys , usually requiring hack-slash-and-retreat tactics -LRB- although , personally , I feel a grandiose fighting system would 've been ridiculous -RRB- . Also , there is a small bug in which the pause menu sometimes pops up and freezes the game . I 've only come across this once , but it is there.But in the end , `` ICO '' outshines all its faults . From beginning to end -LRB- the ending was one of the most satisfying endings I 've ever seen in gaming , far more satisfying than the ending of `` Final Fantasy VII '' -RRB- , `` ICO '' is a masterpiece , albeit sadly a short one . Some players will want to buy this game and relive the experience again and again . Others will only want to live it once through a rental . Either way , this game deserves to be played by anyone and everyone .
 I bought ICO over a year ago , but never completed it . That is , until recently . This weekend I popped it back in to my PS2 and finished it off ... and boy , am I glad I did.ICO is an absolutely wonderful game . It has impeccable art direction , superb gameplay , and a very charming story . I was blown away by the scope and design of the environment . Even today.The story is simple . ICO is a small boy out to rescue a fair princess in a huge , daunting castle . Finding your way out of the fortress is just half the battle , as you are able to do things and go places the fragile princess is not . You must figure how to get her out , too , while fending off the dark spirits out to steal her back . The game is a moderately-paced fairy tale in the absolute best sense . From opening to closing credits , this game is top notch.If you like puzzle adventure games , you have to play ICO . It 's vast , cinematic , and wonderfully played out . At it 's current retail price it 's a bargain . The used prices are just too good to pass up.Really . Do yourself a favor and play this game if you never have . It 's an early PS2 title , but it 's still one of the best , and probably one of the most genuine games you will ever play .
 The demo is amazing . . if you look for the `` summer jampack '' disk which is only 7.99 - then you can experience this -LRB- if it sounds like your kind of game -RRB- . What follows has no spoilers.It starts with a good setup movie , which explains how the horned boy got locked in the castle -LRB- inside an urn -RRB- . . the movie is rendered with the game engine ! -LRB- it is not silicon graphics pre-rendered footage -RRB- . After the movie setup leaves the camera alone in this huge prison room in the castle , the floor crumbles and your urn spills open tossing you -LRB- the boy -RRB- onto the ground.The initial room is * huge * with 36 of these mysterious urns lining the wall . Since one assumes each urn has a -LRB- presumably dead -RRB- person in it , this is a spooky setup indeed.The sound of ICO is very striking . . there is no music while playing , but with brilliant footfalls , torches and other sound effects who needs music?Movement of the boy is almost flawless . . beautifully animated he walks , trots , runs , trips , jumps and a dozen other things with high realism.The resolution of the view inside the castle is high -LRB- unlike the comment left by another poster -RRB- , although the rough hewn stones that form the walls and floor , slightly shifting camera , and misty corners to the rooms can give a negative impression to some . . but if you take time with the 2nd analog stick to move the view up and around , looking at the high roof and the detail you will be amazed . . having a quality TV with S-video or better connections helps a lot as well.Moving through the demo you are required to solve some very simple puzzles and bring down the cage holding the mysterious girl , who is animated with a soft glowing quality that is quite wonderful . . It is only when one reaches the outside of the castle -LRB- with girl in hand -RRB- that the power and resolution of the ICO graphics engine reveal itself . . the view distance is astounding , with moving clouds in a bright super-white sky , and shifting sea far below . . the grass is almost floro green in the sun , but dark in shadow . A spectacular windmill rotates -LRB- with creaking sounds -RRB- over a pool of clear water . . the water reflects the windmill and also bounces wavering suns rays onto the wall above it . . If you leap into the pool , the waves spread from your impact , changing the reflections correctly and in real time . . its quite quite stunning , and the best in-game water possibly ever seen.Shifting the view around one can appreciate the vastness of the castle surrounds , and get an idea of the adventure that awaits the boy and his strange friend in the full game . . there remains only one more puzzle to solve -LRB- how to help the girl across the bridge -RRB- . Ending the demo reveals an amazing cinema -LRB- once again , all in-game clips -RRB- that shows night , rain , waterfalls , explosions , trees with leaves waving in the wind , more switches and puzzles and demons . The 1 minute music track that goes with this cinema is also spot on.Playing the ICO demo -LRB- which can be done in little over 10 minutes -RRB- over and over again I 've spotted more things each time and can not wait for the full game . . Some -LRB- kids -RRB- will undoubtably think ICO is `` boring '' or does not involve blood or guns and so is not for them . . but I 'm convinced ICO is going to be one of the top 5 games on all platforms for the year 2001 , and will be a game for adults who still have a child inside , and can still lose themselves in a fairytale world . . especially one as beautifully rendered as this .
 The mysterious game called Ico never made a splash upon release , nor did it really try to . Just like its quiet and shadowy approach within the game , its marketing was just as ambiguous . While I think this game was definitely underrated by audiences , it was just a TAD overrated by critics . You control a boy born with horns called Ico , who 's been banished away to an immense castle as we 're told `` for the good of the village . '' There you escape and find a white glowing princess , and you must lead her and yourself out of there while trying to avoid the princess being captured by her dark lordess mother and her ghouls , while solving puzzles along the way to get out.Eyes and Ears
 I used to be a dedicated gaming enthusiast years and years ago in the final fantasy 7 PS1 days . Just when I thought in my mid-twenties that I had totally and forever lost any real significant interest in video games , I get laid off from work.Hmmm . I begin pondering how to use some spare time ; nothing like a bit of video game playing to pass the time and ease the frustration of job rejections . So I borrowed a friend 's PS2 and rented Ico . I 'm not really sure what nudged me in the direction of this game . Maybe it 's the fact that I remember years ago when it first came out how much of an impact it 's lush graphics had on me and I only played a demo version of it at Wal-mart for 15 minutes . I remember thinking to myself one day I got to really check this game out.To say that Ico has restored and quickened my interest after so long is an understatement and an ultimate testimoney to this game 's power . This is the first time I 've ever reviewed a game and it is rather befitting that Ico should be the one to make me write it.Obviously who ever reads this has a general idea what this game is about so I wo n't elaborate into detail about territory that has alreday been covered in depth by so many people . The bottom line is this . Rescue a frail girl from a mysterious castle by controlling a horned boy named Ico through puzzles and obstacles all the while fighting shadow creatures that appear from time to time . There ! I think that about covers it.The graphics are just extraordinary . Colors are so vibrant . I 've never seen sunshine on a game so golden and crisp and trust me thats saying something since my old tube TV has seen better days . The game play is very good although it can not compare with other strong games solely intended for an action format . The movements while being very lifelike and fluid border on the surreal as the frail girl Yorda is dragged along by Ico . Colors are often used as a washy haze which another reviwer from a different site described as having a bleached type look . It 's fantastic!There could be some better use of the scrolling/viewing ability in the game , but it 's not a hinderance whatsover in the grand scheme of it all . If you are looking for riveting fast moving action based graphics and gameplay you wo n't find it in this game . If you play it , you will however find something you probbaly have n't found in any other game though . . The most noteworthy aspect of Ico I 'd like to share with people is the intense emotional impact this `` game '' has and how well the designers so eloquently convey it in this work of art . I 've only been playing this game for a day -LSB- 4-5 -RSB- hours and am totally blown away by it . This game is very much the epitome of experiencing what so many other game designs in the same genre fail to deliver and that is emotonal communication . Like great movies , great art , and great music , this game trully transcends a fundamental human message and discovering that message yourself is a deep and rich reward . It 's very inspiring . I know , I know . I 'm starting to sound all sappy , but I just ca n't help it . I honestly think this game can make someone a better person after playing it . Can video games do that you ask ? This is n't a game my friend ... It 's ART!I 'm very glad I went back and experienced Ico ... You will be glad after you have experienced it too !
 I finished the game a week ago and have to say , I miss playing it . I even got a little misty-eyed at the end -LRB- make sure you sit through all the credits -RRB- . If you do n't use a walk-thru , you 'll find it plenty challenging . Most strategy games are `` Every Man for Himself '' or `` Kill or Be Killed . '' This is such a nice break from all that . The designers simulated a friendship and trust between your character and Korda 's that their relationship seems almost real . The scenes are beautiful , you sometimes have to stop just look around and listen . If you rest in a grassy area , you may hear a bird fluttering by and watch it land near Korda 's feet , and she may run off to capture it . The graphics are amazing , something like Riven but not so static . The special effects
 I just played the demo , and this game reminds me of Myst . You are trapped in a beautiful world and you have to figure out where to go/what to do . It tests your ingenuity and resourcefulness . The gameplay is really quite simple to learn , the detailed 3D surroundings and fluid movements of the characters are captivating , and the all-visually-told story is engaging . The interaction between the Ico and the princess -LRB- or whoever she is -RRB- is very ... sweet . A girl could appreciate this game , but I dont see many younger kids gettting into it . It could be a bit boring to anyone who only wants to see blood and guts with techno music blaring in the background . Since I have no attention span whatsoever , I found the game boring after a while . But it is fun to watch other people play and try to collaborate on the puzzle-solving . My husband , on the other hand , thought it was the best game he ever played . He did admit , however , that he would like to see demons other than the same black smoky ones that try to kill the girl once in a while . If she dies , it 's game over . The nice thing is that you can only move about and die in a manner very much resembling reality . Although there is nothing scary about the graphics , the suspense itself can give you chills at times . This game is definitely a gem among gems , but I ca n't see its popularity extending past a rather limited audience . ... Of course , I wouldnt mind being proven wrong .
 Once upon a time ... . there was boy with horns on his head called Ico and because he was different , everybody in the local village had him sent away to be locked up in a castle by the mysterious shadow queen and her minions . Cue a sudden earthquake that shatters the jar Ico was bound inside letting him loose inside a castle maze full of cages , swinging chains -LRB- press O when you are on one -RRB- , staircases , levers , openings , windows , pipes , elevators , rock faces , tunnels , sewers , blocks , trains , cranes , bombs , fires , gates , graveyards , vents , ropes , windmills , cogs , waterways , towers and of course the shadow demons who are trying to kidnap the little glowing white girl you have found who can mysterious open special doors by standing before them if you grab her by the hand and manage to lead her through the maze after you have worked out the various brainteasers that allow you both to navigate it -LRB- she ca n't climb chains , crawl across walls or manage large drops -RRB- . This is the kind of game that puzzle-lovers and those who like a good challenge should immediately pick up and insert as quickly as possible into that PS2 DVD drive . It requires your thinking cap to be on ... for all of it.Apart from the fact that is one of the best 3rd person puzzle games ever made , the quality of the 3D art on display is beyond belief . Most of the game is jaw dropping awe inspiring . When it was released as a demo in late 2001 -LRB- a year after the PS2 came out -RRB- it made quite an impact on those who played it with its bleached out overexposed Manga cartoon look and the stunning free camera mode which is used by moving the right thumb pad with zooming ability , left everyone flabbergasted . The problem was that the game was in Japanese with subtitles and so distribution was sadly poor in the West with very few shops bothering to stock the game when it came out . It is even hard to track down on the internet . Thus if getting Ico is difficult then sadly most of the PS2 owning world is never going to play one of the best games of all time . For those who got it , you will remember how gorgeous every single moment of this game was , from the opening sequence being led into the castle to the golden beach ending . Take any still shot of any section of the game and you can easily hang it as a painting on your wall . Imagine a game that looks totally stunning with a fun game play element that requires a bit of an IQ level . The only drawback was the girl you need to drag about the place . Sometimes her AI is bit like a very low IQ ... but we are only cribbing compared to the utter experience of playing a marvel like Ico . It is four years old and still has the ability to put things like the XBOX 360 to shame . It is not surprising that in 2005 the makers of Ico brought out the breathtaking `` Shadow of the Colossus '' that looks like you are playing it on a PS4 or an XBOX 1080 . In short , PLAY IT and then get `` Shadow of the Colossus '' right away after it . What are you waiting for ? DO IT !
 For those who played the Ico demo , the actual game is a hundred times better . I personally thought the demo was a little boring , and the game did n't seem to make any sense . The full version of Ico , however , is amazing.Ico is a beatifully made game . It reminded me of Riven -LRB- for the PC -RRB- except with people . Most of the game 's puzzles are n't too hard to figure out , but they are challenging enough to keep you interested . The graphics are amazing , and the story line draws you in . I think that this is by far the best PS2 game I 've seen.Throughout the game , Ico is exploring a huge , aging castle and figuring out how to keep progressing through the various rooms and levels . As an added twist , he must protect the strange girl he finds imprisoned there . She can not climb ropes and things like Ico , so you must find alternate routes for her . Leave her alone for too long while trying to figure this out , and the demons will attack her , forcing Ico to rush back to save her . Ico and the girl can not communicate in the same language , but sometimes if you watch her she will provide clues to what you need to do next.A few negative points -LRB- heavily outweighed by all the positives -RRB- : - The game is relatively short ; I beat it in a few days while renting it . But , I think that if it was any longer , it might start to get tedious and repetitive -LRB- like Dark Cloud in the end -RRB- . - I did n't like having to get to a save point -LRB- couch -RRB- before I could save my progress . It seemed like some of the `` couches '' were very close together , and then at other times I 'd go an eternity without being able to save . This made it hard to play for an hour and come back later without having to repeat some things . The end especially is like this -- there are no save points in about the last hour or so of gameplay . This does make the game more challenging . Just be sure to leave yourself plenty of time when you sit down to play.Overall , though , I thought this game was fun to play and awesome to look at . Rent it and see for yourself !
 ICOThis is one of my very favorite games . It 's simpler and yet deeper than most any other game , understated but strong , subtlely intense . It 's an island out there amongst the games with an orgy of colors and sparkles and super-overstimulating complicated menus and loud characters . Ico is quietly complex , and with its few words it expresses greater emotion than it would otherwise . Words are more a function of logical thought , while emotions are not so easy to define and can be limited or watered-down by words . Also , Ico leaves more of the experience to the player than most other games . You can imagine that one character is feeling one way while another player thinks something different - like a book , there 's a certain amount of interpretation . Each experience differs . Some people get really attached to Yorda , and take special unnecessary pains to not be rough with her , leading her around carefully , feeling frustrated or upset if she 's in need , while other people attempt to push her of the cliff ledges and whack her with the stick . It 's true that you could act similarly in any game , but here it 's decidedly different . While in one game the characters always look the same , like the little action stick figures they are , the characters in this game are real people . They move realistically , act realistically . It 's more like role-playing and being immersed in a world , place and time , less like using a person-thing as a vehicle to get to the next challenge of a game . Too many games conform to the latter . In Ico , you 're convinced you 're that scared little kid in a big castle with this girl to protect , and meters , gauges , menus , numbers and little peices of -LSB- stuff -RSB- you have to collect to advance are n't there to destroy the realism . There 's not a whole lot of music , because the atmosphere is already so intense that music would be sensory overload and destroy the delicious realistic , lonely feeling.Summary
 This is the perfect game to get on PS2 . I started playing it and immediately became addicted . By the time I knew it my whole family was watching me play it and giving me tips on what I should do next . Great for the family to play and easy to control . Has the best full lenth story which is like a movie . I 'd buy this game for sure if you do n't have it already .
 Serendipity - she visits once a year ... if that . Just when I though PS2 would never have a great , original game , along came Ico . It 's like the feeling of being in love - you do n't have to say much to each other , because your eyes say it all . Ico is without a doubt the mose beautiful , original , and inspiring game I 've played since Panzer Dragoon Saga on Saturn.Gameplay is simple , yet fun . The grapic resolution is acceptable , but the artwork is astounding . The characters say very little to each other during the course of the game , yet trough their interactions they express more than words ever could.The only gripe I have about this game is that it 's too short . Then again , we humans are never happy . The grass is always going to be greener on the proverbial `` other side '' . Regardless , the only complaint I have is that I want more , and that 's not a bad thing.To surmise what I 've said above in 3 words - Buy this game .
 If you buy this game you will be sucked into a world that despises boys with horns . They will try to kill you but you escape with help from an earthquake ? See for yourself . It 's an action-pack thriller where all you have to do is : RUN THROUGH HOURS OF A MAZING CASTLE THAT JUST WO N'T END , along with that , THE WEAK PRINCESS YOUR TAKING WITH YOU IS BEING CHASED BY EVIL SPIRITS AND NEEDS YOUR HELP TO KILL THEM.Mabye you 'll make it , mabye you 'll be sucked in along with the princess , Yorda , and her mother who would n't mind that happening at all.I bet you have no idea on what i 'm talking about , well buy the game it 's worth the money.Trust me .
 Well , I wrote a review saying why you should play it , so this review is for why you should buy it . Ok , so the game is a measly 7 hrs . That 's roughly ... of marginal utility that you 're getting out of this game , right ? If you 're one of those people that think of doing things like that , then , do n't buy it . However , if you like to pay extra to go to a fancy restaurant , or drive for 2 hrs to see the sunset by the beach , or buy really expensive pieces of art to decorate your home because it 's something you want to show people , then this could be for you . It might be short , but then again , there are SO MANY things in the world we do because it 's something we owe to ourselves to do ... ICO is not something to be rented , or played at a friend 's place . It is something to be owned .
 If you are someone who loves playing games with a lot of violence , this is not the game you would enjoy . Otherwise , it is a fantastic game . Like what others had said , it is a short game . It took me 7 hours to finish this game and I did it w/o looking at a walkthrough . Like Vagrant Story , you have to solve puzzles to advance . Like Onimusha , this game has excellent graphics . Actually , it has better graphics than Onimusha . The landscape looks so real . Sony really shows people what the PS2 is capable of doing . I usually like long games such as the Final Fantasy series because I like taking my time on the game . However , ICO was fun to play . I recommend you to first rent the game rather than buying it because of the length .
 A fabulous puzzle game . Playing a couple of hours a night , for a little over 2 weeks , I completed the game -LRB- and did not need a game guide -RRB- . You need to rescue the princess , keep her as near as possible to you at all times -LRB- but you need to leave her at times -RRB- , figure out how to get from one castle room to the next , and defeat the phantoms . The use of graphics is phenomenal . I was stumped by the puzzles about 3 or 4 times , but always figured it out by the next night . The last 2 levels do not allow a save , so you must be persistent . It also contains a bitter sweet ending , but I wo n't spoil it . It was almost over too soon for me . You can keep multiple saves , to go back to your favorite areas . Whoever dreamed this game up , did a fantasic job . Just viewing the castle surroundings will keep you enthralled . There are basically only 5 levels to complete , but you wo n't be able to wait to get to the next puzzle . You need to find levers , climb chains , jump wide chasms , swim , coax the princess forward , clobber phantoms , and face the evil queen . All very cool !
 They could n't have done better.This game is engaging and brilliant . Some of the puzzles will have you scratching your head , but it is all good . There was never a moment when I wanted the character to do something that he could n't do . The storyline is simple but facinating ... and as you move along through the game , you learn more about what is going on . Never do you have to sit through a lengthy dialogue to learn about the story.The length of the game for me was just perfect . The game ended at * just * the right time , the gameplay and environments never got tedious . The ending was beautiful , the in-game cinematics were masterfully done . If there is a video game equivalent of Bach , this game is it.I bought this game , and beat it in about 6 hours . I am not in the least disappointed . I may play through it again months from now , but I will always remember playing through it for the first time .
 This is a gamers game . It is one that harkens back to simpler times in gaming . This is not to say that the game is simple . Actually it is very challenging . This simple part about it is the beautiful story and the straight forward gameplay . Here you will not find over the top guns and impossible manuevers . Here you will find an increadibly detailed , immersive world , that you will enjoy getting lost in . You will find characters that you relate to and actually care for by the end of the game . The game architecture is beautiful and the story is the one of the best I have ever had the pleasure of encountering . If you enjoy adventure type games , then buy this game . It is what a video game should be.Bottom line , if you want to see what the PS2 is capable of , and you enjoy a good story , buy this game .
 ICO is a game with a simple concept that , when approached with the right mindset , will be one of the most moving games you will ever play.A simple concept ; you are a boy , and within a huge castle , you must lead a girl by the hand from point A to point B . She is not as agile as you are , so you must often make a path for her to proceed along with you . Monsters will occassionally appear and try to take her away , but the central focus is not on fighting enemies.The main focus is on the puzzles , finding something -LRB- A switch , activating some sort of chain reaction of objects , etc. -RRB- that opens a path so that you can lead the girl safely to the next area . The puzzles are well designed , most of the answers to the puzzles will come to you pretty quickly if given enough thought . The controls suit the game perfectly.But beyond the seemingly simple concept enlies what makes ICO so exceptional
 This will be short.There are plenty of fantastic games out for the PS2 . Some are acclaimed for their graphics , others for their gameplay , and still others for their storyline.None have approached what ICO has brought to the genre . Beyond its beautiful appearance and realistic sound , it is the only game in my experience where I have honestly cared about what happens to someone other than my own character.To play ICO is to know how video gaming will surpass movies in the future , both in terms of emotional content and suspension of disbelief . Although the mechanics of the game are simple and its story iconic , there 's a suprising amount of just plain ol' `` magic '' to it that lingers with you long after finishing the game.One word sums up the whole experience
 I love puzzle games . I am a huge fan of computer and console game that involve brainpower over button mashing . I had great hopes for Ico on the Playstation 2 , and in general those hopes were fulfilled . With a few minor exceptions.First , the graphics are lovely . The moody castle , with textures and ghosty monsters really draws you in . You 're a young boy with horns that is being sacrificed by your village `` for the greater good '' . Lovely . You manage to escape , though , and you come across a waif-like young girl that seems pretty helpless . And this is where the story begins.You `` drag '' the girl around , really grabbing her hand and pulling her after you , to get out of the castle . When monsters appear you defend her , then tug her along again . She 's pretty inept . She ca n't get many places that you can . So you leave her behind , go around to find a way through for her , then go back and bring her through.It does tug on your heart strings a bit when she jumps to join you and you reach out to catch her , pulling her to safety . But you have to wonder - this boy is half her age . How come all she can do is stand there in the center of the room , going `` Jeez , I do n't know WHAT I should do now . Wo n't you come yank my arm out of my socket and show me where to go now ? `` Also , many of the puzzles are mighty contrived . Most puzzle games these days have puzzles with some sense - something has broken and you 're trying to put it back together , say . But in Ico , the puzzles are old school . There 's a box on the floor . When you push it , stairs appear out of the floor . Excuse me , and this makes sense why?Also , the game is REALLY short . Maybe 10 hours . Compare that to something like Final Fantasy X where you literally play it for months and months and are having fun the entire time!In general though , this is a great game for kids to play , ones that you want to keep away from Grant Theft Auto 3 for a while . Peaceful , brain-challenging and a good help-others message !
 Okay , I 'm picky about my games , but I play this game all the time . I play it , because I if I play a really LONG game , I 'll get really obsessed with it . I first played this game when I was in ... third grade . I loved it . My friends and I would leave her somewhere , and watch her run toward Ico . She stares at you a lot , which is VERY freaky . I did n't expect to much out of the game but it 's pretty good . Now , I like the graphics , but the fighting needs to be looked at again . It 's simple . The first time I played , the monster things NEVER took her into the deep dark hole thing . May I remind you , I was in third grade . It 's a great game , and if you own a PS2 just rent it sometime from your local Movie Gallery , Mr. Movies , Blockbuster , Video Update , or just buy the darn thing . Aight , I got one last announcment . My name is Randi -LRB- I 'm a girl -RRB- and if you live in Minnesota I 'm on the news Channel FOX9 . I review movies , so just watch for me on FOX9 Morning News , 5-9 am . Bye !! A game Freak -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This game has very good graphics , and intruging storyline , and a cool main character . This game will be a definite sleeper hit . It is a moody , atmospheric game , one that promises to be one of the best games of 2001 .
 You can find the demo of this game in the latest summer Playstation Underground Jampack . Unlike what the editorial review states , this game is still to this day displayed in a low resolution . Granted , the game is n't finished yet , however , Sony would only have a month to change resolutions , which may take more than a month to complete . Still , the gameplay is fun , and definately different . Might be worth checking out , but I 'm gon na be careful after such sony bombs as Legend of Dragoon and Dark Cloud .
 This game has so much going for it that I would love to give it 5 stars . However , the fault that I find with it is that it is way too short . That is a switch for me , as I feel that many games are too long . At $ ... , plus tax , you are paying about $ ... to $ ... per hour for this game . I find that a bit much , do n't you ? Otherwise , this game is truly fascinating . The graphics are wonderful , the eeriness is sustained , and the interaction of the two main characters is often quite moving . The overall experience is unique in the range of games that I have played . Though a quiet and basically non-violent game , I felt more ill at ease as I moved through the environment than I have ever felt with another game . It has a quality that almost makes you feel as though you are within the game itself , rather than controlling the actions of the characters . Most intriguing . I am sure that I shall replay the game , and keep it for future play in the years to come . Just wish that it had a bit more complexity in the story line to have kept it going for several hours more than it plays .
 Enter a world of enchantment and wonder , where once was , is nevermore . ICO , a mysterious boy , has been expelled from his village to an isolated castle . Within his confines , he begins to have eerie dreams of rescuing a young princess from the evil spirits that dwell within the fortress . Blurring the lines between fantasy and reality , ICO embarks on a quest to save the princess and along the way , discovers his own cryptic fate ... The story is good not great . Anyone looking for action , look eleswhere , because this game relies heavy on puzzle solving . There is a tid bit of action but nothing to fancy . This is a game for the puzzle crowd , how to get to point A to B , that what 's this game is all about . It 's up to you , Ico , to make passage ways for the princess , who by the way lack that much agilty . You will only be cheating yourself and also be throwing away your money if you have a cheat guide , its much more enjoyable if you accomplish something on your own.The gameplay is solid for this type of game and never feels like you do the samething twice . The graphics are good and the atmospher and animation is something to be seen.The only complait I have is in the replay value and length . It last about 6-7 hours and once you complet it nothing changes so that is cut in half . Other than that it is a good solid game .
 I 'm a hardcore gamer in the sense that I rarely spend time on a game unless it is worth my time , and regardless of any reviews , I judge a game by my perception of it after I have tried it out . Ico is a breath of fresh air . True , it is kinda short but it is like playing in a Myst world but with Prince of Persia / Tomb Raider controls , now how cool is that ?! Unlike Myst , where you have no idea what to do next and though each scene is eye candy , -LRB- Myst is just a overhyped-glorified storybook push-button-multimedia-wallpaper -RRB- in Ico you actually live in that Great looking world and also interact with it . Unlike Tomb Raider , where you seem to know what to do but just the thought of jumping around one cliff after the other to get a key that will fit a room in a section of a jungle that would taking another few rounds of jumping and scurrying , in Ico you actually wo n't get caught up in all those unnecessary multiple tricks to finish the game and enjoy the whole game as a game is meant to be enjoyed . It is like watching an anime with you playing as the main character.Its a short game , but the thought of replaying it to immerse myself in Ico 's world is so tempting that until i find a new game that will generate the same mood and awe in game environment design , I would visit it again and again.If there 's only one game in my PS2 library this will be it , until of course , metal gear ...
 When walking into Blockbuster this past Friday afternoon -LRB- the weekend after Ico came out -RRB- I decided to try out one of the new games they had on the rack called Ico . So I rented it and started to play the game . First , I noticed the amazing graphics through out the game . Then there is the story line which I thought was pretty good too . The only thing this game really lacks is the time it takes to beat it . On my third try playing it , it only took me around five hours to beat the darn thing . Anyway I would suggest at least renting the game if not buying it . It is truly a great game .
 After playing the Final Fantasy series , I bought this game expecting to play it for a week or two . Within 8 hours the game was over and I do n't see myself playing it a second time . The graphics are impressive and the flow of the game is good , but there just is n't enough of this game to justify buying it . Rent it for a weekend .
 It 's true . Its the best game I 've ever seen.The graphics are stunning . Even zooming in on distant turrets and features , the world is crisp and clear and beautifully lit.The lack of music in the soundtrack , with just the waves , the birds , the sound of wind running through the trees and the clack of ICO 's wooden sandals is mesmerising and haunting.The design if the game is beautiful simplicity , and because it is so amazingly simple -LRB- no inventory , no health bar , just a big stick as a weapon -RRB- you have to admire the designers , who must have workd very hard indeed to make something so ingenious and user friendly.The highlight of the game for me is the incredible animation used for both of the characters . They look like they have been made with motion capture . They have n't - someone animated them from scratch - and brilliantly too.My only beef with this game is that it is too short . It would have been great to see and extra couple of hours , or some alternate routes to go back and try.However , they really did save the best for last . The ending is just phenomenal and had me and my boyfriend wandering around our living room for about 10 minutes afterwards , saying ` wow ! ' to each other .
 Mixed feelings about this one . Overall , I like it ; it has a grandiosque dreamy quality to the visuals . Very large scale surroundings but it seems to be a bit foggy and light at times -LRB- intentional i 'm sure ; certainly NOT due to PS2 capabilities -RRB- -- graphics-wise , I was expecting better . The story is quite original . I do like the fact that there is no health bar to worry about ... you ` die ' if you fall too far or if the villian shadows capture the girl . Its a puzzle-based game and it can get quite tough at some times -LRB- I find myself hitting online playguides -RRB- . The interface is simple , you can pick it up in about 5 minutes .
 Ico has the most amazing level design I 've ever seen on any game on any platform . The puzzles are more environmental than cerebral which is a good thing so those with little patience for puzzles -LRB- like myself -RRB- wo n't be frustrated . Solving a puzzle is mostly a case of looking around your local area and seeing how you and Yorda can navigate it , and how it can be changed so she can traverse it . The game also does a good job of keeping you moving forwards even though you 're inside a massive environment where you can go anywhere and which is n't split into multiple game stages . It 's similar to Prince of Persia in many ways with the level design and excellent use of animation . Ico also has some of the best animation I 've ever seen in a game and it 's used to show the emotion of the characters beautifully , such as the way Yorda holds hands with the hero and the way he helps pull her onto high ledges , etc. . The world is very well animated with waterfall effects , birds flying , animating drawbridges , etc. . The AI shown by the spirit enemies is also superb ; the way they attack as a team and try to lure you away from Yorda so one can grab her from behind you . When you leave Yorda for a while to explore a nearby room and hear her cry out as she 's attacked by the spirits it really does invoke emotion as you rush back to save her . The environments are beautifully rendered and the depth of the level design is incredible . From any area you can see for hundreds of yards to other areas still to be unlocked as you weave your way through the enormous castle . To those who say the game is too short I say quality over quantity . It 's better to be well entertained for 7-10 hours than bored or frustrated after 1 hour . Ico is easily the best PS2 game released so far .
 I think anyone who owns a Playstation 2 should run out and buy this game . I bought the game two days ago , and it is stunning . The graphics are very well done , some areas look like impressionist paintings come to life . I like shoot em up games as much as the next person , but I can also apreciate a good puzzle game as well . The contols are wonderful , almost becomes second nature to move little Ico around . I found myself becoming very attached to Yorda -LRB- the princess -RRB- worrying about her welfare . All in all I recommend this game to anyone who likes to have a good time . Oh , and by the way , do n't do this game with a stragety guide in hand , you will ruin all the enjoyment you will get out of this game . Use your brain ! : -RRB-
 I played through the demo twice , and I 'm totally sold on this game . I just pre-ordered it so I 'll be sure to have it . I ca n't wait . I 've heard it 's being compared to Tomb Raider , but that does n't do it justice . It 's more like a 3D version of the original PC game `` Prince of Persia '' . It has that creepy , desertedcastle feeling , low-key , mostly ambient music and sound , fantastic animation ... you get the picture . Honestly , you 'll be amazed at how good this game looks . It definitely has a stylized , blurry look that screen shots do n't really do justice to . It re-creates a sense of space unlike any other game I 've played . In the demo , looking up into the vaults of a * HUGE * castle-tower ... I really experinced vertigo as I rode up the windmill and looked down from 100 feet in the air ... wow . I actually got chills . Ok , so it was supposed to be a launch title and it 's a year late , but the time was apparently well spent . This is one to watch !
 Ico , a work of art with little parallel . It is a prequel/sequel to Shadow of the COlossus -LRB- Shadow coming out later but it could have happened centuries before this game ... maybe ? -RRB- . The game is just beautiful . It is early PS2 , but it does not stop the asthetic of the game . The graphics are sharp , clean , and pretty . The puzzles are smart , challenging , and remarkable . The levels can be frustrating , but you can figure them out . There is only one boss and she is sort of difficult if you do n't know how to do it.Get this game if you have a PS2 . I know the PS3 version with SHadow is coming out soon , but if you do n't have a PS3 then get this version . It is cool , clean , beautiful , and has an ending so tender and soft that you might just cry .
 I decided to buy after I realized it was a sequel to the newer game `` Shadow of the Colossus '' . But they are two very different games . Ico 's graphics and design are gorgeous , the storyline is interesting . I like the creation of a game language that is n't totally annoying -LRB- it 's a mix of latin/japanese -RRB- . But some of the puzzles are difficult , there are times they seem unsolvable . And other times , like when you do n't know where to go and fall from a height and die , you are backtracked to your LAST save point . That is a bit frustrating . Still I ca n't wait to finish this game .
 The box art is a little goofy , but this game has a lot of creative and artistic value . If you fancy yourself a collector this should certainly be in your inventory .
 This is one of those classic games ... I would have said that you must buy this if you are the bit least interested . But , they 're making a more accessible HD version of this along with the classic follow-up game , Shadow of the Colossus , so get that instead , the HD remake bundle .
 Overall good game . The game had a creative design and structure . The game has interesting puzzles and easy controls . It is more of a relaxed game.Recommended
 I really liked this game . I could n't have appreciated it if i did n't play Shadow of the Colossus first . I may have given up on the puzzles too . I can see why this game did n't do well in sales . It is n't easy and is somewhat dull . I was intrigued by the gameplay for an older PS2 game . Very creative and smart . I really enjoyed it . Ca n't wait for the Last Guardian to come out . Maybe in 2015 ?
 ICO is a dream of a game ... you 'll be hard pushed to find a bad review of it from anyone . There is a simplicity to it that 's very rare to find . It 's a third person adventure , but there are no menus , health gauges , hit counters , files , items or memos anywhere to be found . The only thing you have to interact with are your two characters and the gigantic location they are lost inside.ICO begins as a young boy is imprisoned in an ancient fortress by a troop of soldiers . It 's made clear that he is considered cursed because of a strange birth defect -LRB- he has been born with horns -RRB- , and also , that he is not the first . But luck is on his side as , for the first time in who knows how many centuries , he manages to survive the incarceration and finds himself free of his stone coffin , but still trapped withing the castle walls . Your job is to get him out of the castle alive.The castle itself makes ICO breathtaking . A simply dazzling piece of virtual architecture , it sprawls off into the distance as you stand on ramparts and balconies , taking in the view from all around . The game takes you from a vast `` burial '' chamber through many different environments , including many staircases , vaults , towers and even gardens and a windmill . Yes , much of the gameplay takes place outside , as the castle has extensive grounds , and you 'll find yourself wandering thorugh bright sunshine among fluttering pigeons for a lot of your time . The castle is not a spooky or ominous ruin , it 's simply a building , and many of the areas are beautiful and peaceful havens of tranquil silence . You 'll soon realise that there is no music in ICO , but the sense of location sound is perfect . Most of it seems to be birdsong and weather and atmosphere effects , set off by your tiny echoing footsteps as you run around the environment . It all establishes even further just how real the situation feels . The effect of bright sunlight on some of the grassy areas is wonderfully created , and yet the atmosphere is one of a crisp winter chill . I find it hard to describe , but the game actually made me feel cold , as though I was putting myself right into that location , and thats something that very few games succeed in achieving.But onto the more important aspect of the game , Ico -LRB- the character -RRB- has a companion that he meets early on , a reed-thin and fragile girl in white called Yorda , with whom he bonds instantly . They do not speak the same language -LRB- Yorda 's seldom spoken lines are not translated , where as Iko 's language is given English subtitles -RRB- , but they become united in their wish to escape the castle . Now comes the meat of the gameplay . Yorda is weak and defenceless , but only she can open the magically locked doors that act as end-of-level checkpoints . To reach these doors , Ico must lead , help or make a pathway for Yorda so that both of them can advance . Ico has a variety of moves , such as jumping , rope swinging and climbing , but Yorda can do nothing unaided , and success relies on your solving many puzzles to assist her in reaching the sealed doors each time along with Ico.Too bad that it 's not always that simple , because there are dark forces dwelling within this otherwise tranquil castle . When Ico first finds Yorda , she is in a cage , and it seems that something does n't want her to leave the place . Every now and then , black shadowy figures erupt from the ground in attempt to drag Yorda back to where she came from . Herein lies the combat section of the game , and although it is a very simple job to whack the shadow creatures into oblivion , the skill lies in getting rid of them quickly before they can drag Yorda off into the darkness . The creatures work in packs , with some surrounding Iko while others bundle Yorda off towards a black portal in the ground where she will sink into oblivion . And if this happens at any time , the game ends . No second chances here ! Plus some of the shadow creatures can fly ... maybe you can imagine now that the combat portions of the game can not be treated lightly . Luckily you can save your progress at stone chairs that are dotted liberally throughout the castle , and you should not miss any chance to do so , as they can often be at the end of a very complex puzzle section.Puzzles ... that 's what the basis of all non-combat sections are about . Every part of the castle requires a different approach . Every seemingly unclimbable tall tower , or sealed off room , or high-walled dead end can be cleared with a bit of thought and exploration . You 'll spend many happy hours working out what to do , and things really do get quite fiendish at times , so completion of some levels is supremely satisfying . Remember that you have to work un-prompted , there are no items , codes or clues to carry around . Everything you need will be in the area you are currently stuck in . It 's pure genius.I could go on , but it would spoil things for the new player to reveal any more about the story . Rest assured though that there is a final confrontation , and many moments that will have you reaching for your hanky . I 'll just add a few of my favourite moments to round of this review.Yorda trusts Ico completely . She wo n't jump across gaps alone , but if you go to the other side and promise to catch her ... try it and see what happens - it 's totally heartwarming.If Yorda gets too far away from Ico , she is at risk of capture ... the game cleverly adds random shadow creature attacks if this happens , or you stay too long in one place.You can hold Yorda 's hand ! And if Ico runs while doing so , Yorda stumbles delicately behind him never complaining or letting go , despite the obvious effort it costs her to keep up.The double doors at the castle gate !! I dare n't add any more , but when you finally get these two monolithic doors to open and freedom beckons , the most moving and exciting last level of the game begins . Plus the ending ! -LRB- hankies again ! -RRB- There 's also a replay bonus of getting Yorda 's language translated on your second play-through - it worked for me , I was so in love with Yorda at the end of the game I had no hesitation is playing it all over again to find out what she was saying . Hopefully you will too - the game requires that you want these characters to find freedom , and it succeeds in amazing style . As ICO provides such a totally satisfying and emotional experience , I really ca n't fault it .
 First of all , this has beautiful graphics that show realism . The premise is to get yourself -LRB- Ico , the little boy with the horns -RRB- and Yorda -LRB- a mysterious princess -RRB- out of this cursed castle by yout own wits and athleticism . Only Yorda can open certain doors but she ca n't protect herself or make it over most obstacles by herself . The game is full of mystery and is fairly challenging . Most of the time you 're trying to find a way to get Yorda through a certain area without her being taken from you by the tortured souls that live in the castle . Not at all horror , but wholly adventure . The only draw back is that its pretty short , but again has high replay value . Enjoy the atmosphere and use your head !
 Hey , this game is just like a dream . It wasnt hard but what made this game rock was the style , the interaction , the backdrops , BACKDROPS . . heehee , I dont use that word a lot . Now this is a true `` professional '' review . And the game still wasnt done when it was done . Surprises . Surprises . My opinion , more games , not all , should be like ICO ! Sawweeetness . BACKDROP SWEETNESS !
 When it comes right down to it , Ico is just another puzzle/3d platformer type game . Yet , all the elements are designed & executed to create a captivating feel .
 i just solved ico . it is the most amazing game i have ever seen . i ca n't even explain it , but it was such a moving experience . it really was . the story is beautiful ... it was like i was watching a movie but i was in control of the lead character 's destiny . if you do n't already own this one , you are missing out .
 wow . a boy with horns -LRB- its not a hat -RRB- that leads a blind princess around a gigantic castle that is about half the size of my second house ... how do i sum this game up ? you really cant . If you are dumb and dont know how to even turn off your Ps2 , then you really wont like this game . the game looks REAL . i mean REAL . and when you lead Yorda , the princess around she walks like she really IS blind . There are puzzled galore in the game from room to room and you have to take a gander around at wat you should do . i did have some promlems . -LRB- i.e not knowing that yorda can climb on tob of boxes kept me from a bunch of levels in the beginning . -RRB- but if you know and love your Ps2 , and you want to show your friends how freaking smart you are , pick this game up . i hate it when people say it is too short , -LRB- it 's about nine hours -RRB- if you have that much time on ur hands to solve all those puzzles , then you should be the president , or at least my lawyer after amazon deletes this .
 I first saw this game on a Non-playable Demo , and at first glance I was n't impressed at all . I usually prefer rich , colorful graphics , but this game 's graphics seem bland , and washed-out almost as if the contrast on my TV was turned all the way up . And the gameplay itself seemed even less appealing ; running through endless rooms of a castle while dragging some chick along by the hand . But after seeing one of the hosts of Extended Play give it a rave review , I decided to try out a playable demo of Ico . The sample I got , left me craving more!Suddenly the opaque animation took on a new life , subtle hues revealing the eerie beauty of the mammoth castle . And outside , instead of familiar blues , and orange of sunsets for the sky , the Cliffside of the castle is shrouded in misty whites and grays . Leaving you feeling both uneasy being in the castle , yet wanting to see more of it.Normally , I would balk at yet another story were the `` Helpless Princess needs to be rescued '' But for some reason this game seems different . Perhaps because , it 's more of a team effort with Ico and the Princess working together to find a way out of the castle , I also think there is more to the `` Pale Princess '' than meets the eye . And I have to admit , it was fun to have Ico grab hold of her hand and take off through the castle , but I think the animation might be a little too real there , every time they started to run , it felt like her arm was in danger of being yanked out of the socket , and I wanted to keep slowing Ico 's pace down so he would n't hurt her . Yeah , I know , I know , it 's JUST a game , but it 's a testament to how WELL they made it!I also liked that the controls on this game are very simplistic , there was no frustration in trying to figure out which button controls what . I 've read that the battles in this game are fairly easy , and from what I 've sampled I 'd have to say so too . But that did n't detract from my enjoyment.If the game is short , I do n't much care , as long as what there is of it is satisfying and I 'm fairly certain that it will be , because this review was written based just on the demo I played , I 'm hoping to get the full version for X-mas , and I can not wait to see how the rest of this game plays out !
 So far , this game has the best graphics I have ever seen . I 'm thinking Final Fantasy X will top it but for now this is the most impressed I have ever been . Graphics aside , this game is perfect for expert to novice gamers . Ico is extremely easy to control and you can master his movements in a matter of minutes . The game is very original in it 's story . The gameplay and the movements of the characters are very realistic . All in all this is just a beautiful game that absolutely anybody can enjoy .
 Ever had that feeling when you finish an awesome experience that you know you will miss it and pleasant memories of it will linger with you for the rest of your life ? That happened to me for some books , like Lord of the Rings , and movies , like Braveheart . It has happened for some games , like Xenogears , and this time , it has happened for ICO . Do not let this one pass you by . It is the BEST PS2 game I have yet to play as of 11/6/01 , and it 's the only game that provides such emotional attachment based on its story , its characters , its simplicity , and its graphical animations . Sure , I beat it at 7 hrs , but like a good long movie , it will stay with you forever .
 This game is very cool , when you zoom into the character , the game plays like a cg animation . This is one of the most atmospheric games I 've played , second only to the final fantasy series . Dark Cloud -LRB- ... -RRB- , but Sony has reedeemed themselves with this release . Highly Reccomended !
 This game is quite original , which makes it funner to play . The whole thing revolves around strategy/puzzles , and hitting things with sticks . Nice game , with great graphics and lots of replay value .
 In this game you play as a young boy named Ico , he has been banished from his village and taken to a remote castle and placed in a crypt to die . -LRB- His village considers him bad luck and blames him for everything bad that happens , because he was born with horns . -RRB- The game begins when his crypt falls over and he is able to break free . Once free he embarks on a journey to free himself from the castle and stumbles upon a mysteryous girl locked inside a cage . Once he frees her , he must help escort her from the castle and defend her against shawdow monsters who attempt to take her back to the shadow realm . This is not as easy as it sounds because the girl -LRB- Yorda -RRB- is very weak and disoriented . As Ico you must take her by the hand and lead her through the perilous castle , all the while solving puzzles to help her across obstacles to join you . While this may sound very hard and complev , ot is n't , the puzzles are not too difficult to solve . All you have to do is look around and think a little . Using a strategy guide for this game would destroy the beauty and enjoyment of the games environment . Take some time to just look around at the amazing graphics and you 'll see what I mean ! Buy this game today , you wo n't be sorry !!!
 I played a demo of this game and I think it is great.This was the first RPG that I enjoyed the action.Ico is the only of it 's kind.You play as a boy who was born with horns , he is buried but escapes.He then finds princess Yorda and they work together to get out of a castle haunted by moving shadows.If Yorda dies , you lose.With great puzzles and great action it is the best RPG ever !
 This is The Kind of game that makes you think really hard . It 's not like being in school thinking . But , just filling your head with ideas to complete a task . Ico is the story of a boy who is almost sacrificed because he has horns . He escapes and finds a princess who is caged . After solving a small puzzle to warm up your mind , the princess is released . Throughout the story you encounter monsters only in the form of black mist , the only thing is if they carry the princess off and escape with her , you lose . I really do n't think Ico can die as far as I 've tried . So there is little to worry about there . The graphics are impressive showing the ability to zoom in on the world . you can also look around independently as long as your focal point is still Ico . The controls were easy to use , as the designer probably did n't want the player fiddling with the controller but thinking about the tasks in the game . All Together though , the game is a dream to play and is one of the best puzzle games of our times , so rent it if you must , buy it if you can .
 The makers of this game did a wonderful job paying attention to detail . The landscapes are almost breath taking and and the sounds are very realistic . The play control seems a little choppy to me but that could be expected since he wears little wooden shoes . This game has some great scenes and was fairly fun to play . I would n't mind playing through again .
 My parents were going to LA and I was stuck in my house for the weekend . I dropped by Blockbuster and I remembered the my friend said that he bought ICO and it was pretty good . I did n't know how long it was cause I like 5-10 hour games rather than an average 60-90 hour RPG 's . I decided to borrow this since it appeared to be one of the only fun games they had on the shelf . I moved a TV into my room along w / some snacks . When I played 5 minutes into the game , I was like `` oh ... shi * this is hella cool . '' The badguys do n't vary , they 're just monsters made of dark smoke -LRB- shadows , as it is referred to -RRB- . Since I used a walkthrough -LRB- You should n't . It 's more fun -RRB- , i beat the game in about 5-6 hours approx . I suggest you do n't play w / one cause it really spoils the fun . I like the fact that you do n't have a life bar . You can only die when you fall from a very high place or if the shadows capture the princess . Graphics are amazing.Unique , original puzzle like obstacles . You can ride windmills , jump grom cages to cages , levers , secret doors , bombs , all kinds of stuff . The chains you jump to are REALLY REALLY smooth . It appears just as `` slick '' as a real chain . Replay value is okay , but not too high . Beating it once , I wanted to play one more time , and at most a third , but not likely . I recommend renting this game over buying this game , But the first time is just awesome . Have A BLAST
 `` Ico '' is good and all , but I find it to be rather difficult.Solving the puzzles is easy for me.It 's just I find it tough , to try and battle the spirits , while trying to save the girl at the same time.The spirits always end up grabbing her and flying away with her before I have time to get back to her and pull her up out of the ground.Plus , when you get knocked down , it takes forever to get back up.Overall though , this is still a very good game.The story is fantastic.The graphics are pretty outdated , but for their time , they are very good.I 've heard many people before comparing this to `` Shadow Of The Colossus '' . I think `` Ico '' is alot better though . `` Shadow Of The Colossus '' was very boring to me , but I highly recommend you check this game out.I hope you have an easier time battling and defeating those dark spirits , then I did .
 It 's one of those games that once you own it it becomes one of your favorite ones , it keeps you interested to know what 's next , I definately recommend it .
 I love it , it 's awesome , i am very pleased , what can I say , get this cause it is totally great
 Great game . I bought it a few years ago for $ 40 . It was n't popular in the US , hence the price after all those years.If I did n't already have it , I would buy the PS3 Ico/S . o.c. combo pack
 I got this game for my grandson . He loved it . According to him it was very interesting and he had a lot of fun playing it .
 I wished more games like this are made . Quite surrealistic . Really felt like the game eliminates all the extraneous clutter and just focuses on pure gameplay and emotion .
 I can not hope to match the eloquence with which other reviewers have described this game . Yet , my intense admiration for ICO compels me to write a review.I first played ICO at a friend 's house when I was around twelve years old . We were supposed to be sleeping , but instead we found ourselves staring intently at a small television in an unlit room for what would become the entirety of the night . I remember it vividly , as this was the first time I had ever stayed awake to see the sunrise . More to the point , ICO changed my life . It is not so much a game as it is a fable , myth , or epic which unfolds by your actions . As others have stated , ICO is a revolutionary game which never received the credit it deserved . It is also a revolution in story telling . There are no points to earn . There is no superfluous content . There is almost no dialogue . There is only you , the mysterious castle with it 's shadowy inhabitants , and the princess you feel compelled to rescue . The universe of ICO is a hauntingly beautiful one . The storyline is minimal and subtle -LRB- as any legend should be -RRB- , but the sense of wonder gleaned is wholly satisfying . As I said , there is almost no dialogue . There are no helpful objective screens or other characters to seek guidance from . This is a game that forces you to live within the main-character . This is a difficult game , but I believe that is what makes it truly satisfying . You may find yourself lost , frustrated , and feeling truly hopeless -LRB- as I often did -RRB- , but are these not feelings that you would experience under such circumstances ? Again , I believe this only adds to the experience . And when you do finally find a solution , there is a sense of pure satisfaction ; one which very few games have ever been able to deliver.From a purely technical standpoint : > The graphics/art of ICO have stood the test of time surprisingly well . Although some aspects appear slightly blocky or outdated , these issues are overshadowed by the amazing art-design and the beautiful textures . > The sound of this game is amazing . In my opinion , the sound-design is the main aspect that makes this game so hauntingly beautiful . The majority of the game is without music , but the ambiance of the castle is more than satisfying . Standing on a bridge , looking out over the cliff-top castle , you can hear the birds and the breeze . Absolutely beautiful . Object interactions , the small amount of voice acting , and the poignant eruptions of music are all unique and evocative . > ICO 's gameplay is probably the one area of complaint . As I said , this game does not hold the player 's hand , which can sometimes make it difficult to determine what needs doing . The controls are quite simple , and generally work . However , they can be somewhat clumsy at times , which can make more delicate tasks difficult . Also , guiding the princess around can be extremely frustrating at times . She is basically helpless , which has become somewhat of an inside joke to ICO fans . But these are minimal complaints , and do not change the fact that this is a great game . There is only a small amount of combat , but it is fun and satisfying . The majority of the game involves puzzles of increasing complexity . Each is unique and challenging , and each is a satisfying accomplishment to overcome.Overall , I believe this game is both masterpiece and revolution . Not just in terms of videogames , but also in terms of art -LRB- in it 's ability to elicit feelings in the viewer -RRB- . This is a game that evokes very real feelings of wonder , melancholy , and fear . That is something which very few games have ever been able to give the player . In this day and age , the majority of people are looking for instant gratification . That includes the new generation of young gamers , and I do n't know if many would take the time to `` get it '' . ICO is not a game for the impatient , the lazy , or the obtuse . There are no explosions and no car-chases . On release , ICO received great reviews and yet did not sell well . I feel that the majority of people missed the point or were not willing to pursue it . ICO is a story with a message . And in my opinion , it 's message is about life . In the end , you find that the point was never to reach the end . It was just to enjoy the journey along the way . This is a game for the open-minded , the thinkers , and the dreamers among us . It changed my life and I 'm sure it will change yours .
 I 've enjoyed this title since I played it through a rental and always regretted selling it . Glad to get another copy
 This game has wonderful graphics and a really cool distance focus system -LRB- steady your thumbs and it 'll focus keep moving and the distance gets blured ... much like real life ... try it you 'll see -RRB- on top of the graphics the story line is drawing . . as you start you have no idea but are drawn into the game much like a waking dream . This game is a non violent thought proviking game that is a much needed breath of fresh air in the gaming world . This game is not geared twards the blood and guts driven industry but more of a quality game than you 'd be likely to find in a more popular or publisized title . if you have a few days to sit and enjoy a great game try ICO it 's relaxing and leaves you feeling good ... and after all is n't that the point of gaming ?
 I played the demo for this game about a year ago and did not have any money to buy the real game . But last week the price dropped and I bought it at funco land . I have been playing it nonstop scince.The graphics - 5 stars , are truly original and very great.gameplay - 5 stars , its almost like a tomb raider , with way better controls and not so damn hard.enemies-4 stars , they are challenging , but there are only about 5 or 6 different ones.puzzles - 5 stars , they are very original , that is why they are tricky at points , but still not too hard.there are more points to this game but i want to go play it now , so if your not sure rent it , if you want to stay up 5 nights in a row trying to beat it . -LRB- probably not possible -RRB-
 ... wow ... ... wow . . it 's 3:20 in the morning and i just finished ICO . Right now , my heart is just stirred and overwhelmed with emotional wave after wave and filled with something that 's way beyond being satisfied and fulfilled by few masterfully done video games . I never even thought about having a thought that there will be a game which will surpass Metal Gear Solid in overall production and Super Metroid emotionally . This personal fact , fact ICO does surpass Metal Gear Solid and Super Metroid , is very , very disturbing , yet I have to , have to admit that ICO stands as the No. 1 game in my life . I have played games extensively and religiously since 1986 and humble to say that i 'm a gamer who does not only enjoy playing games but know how to appreciate good ones when i play one . And ICO is the one i ca n't help but appreciate with my deepest part of soul.THIS GAME , I C O , MY FRIEND , IS THE GAME TO PLAY.I never ever have played a game that brings this ` mere ' game status to something that 's almost divine ... I loved Metal Gear Solid by heart , last words of Psycho Mantis , last scene of Grey Fox , and many more ... This ` never-be-surpassed ' game of my life has just been ` surpassed ' by ICO.I wish i could convey the significance of ICO in every way possible , but i could only tell you to play this game.If you love a game that 's intuitive in everyway imaginable , and love that emotional ride , then ICO is the game to get.Dang it , do n't rent , BUY it.THIS GAME , I C O , MY FRIEND , IS THE GAME TO PLAY , PERIOD
 OK ... I 'm really -LSB- bad -RSB- at video games , but this game was awesome . The fighting scenes were not hard but the puzzles could be a bit confussing . I was completely addicted to the game because I was determined to win . I was a little sad that fighting the queen was so easy . The graphics were great , and the music was appropriate for the game . After you play it once it is going to be kind of boring to play again . Unless you just want to see how fast you can beat the game . The first time I played it took about 8.5 hours . I am half through now and it has taken 50 minutes . Great Game ... I highly recommend buying it !
 It was when playing this game , that I realized : Electronic Gaming Has Truly Arrived.I was completely knocked flat by the most fluid character animation I have ever seen , coupled with absolutely breathtaking lighting effects on fabrics of various translucency . The way shadow and light plays on Princess Yorda 's dress , especially in well-lit areas like open spaces in outdoor areas is amazing - and even more amazing is the first time you get a close-up look at a tree . Wow . Each leaf varies in shade depending on what angle you 're seeing sunlight shine through it . Also , the pool of water by the windmill has the best refraction/reflection visuals I 've ever seen in realtime 3D rendering.I 'm used to seeing stuff fade in and out as it becomes distant . Not here , baby . I 've never seen a single thing fade out of view , no matter how far away - this leads to some pretty inspiring views of very detailed landscapes.Also , the character animation -LRB- I have to assume they made very extensive use of motion capture -RRB- is the most fluid I 've ever seen . There are very nearly no noticable `` jumps '' in the animation when they switch from one sequence to another - the only real exception would probably be when Ico is changing directions while climbing a chain . Yorda 's AI for following Ico when he calls is quite convincing , although some few , very occaisional glitches sometimes occur.The downsides are very minor , but of course every game has 'em . Because the entire game is based in the same setting , scenery changes very little , and although the textures are quite nice , they can be a bit monotonous after a while -LRB- though you do n't really notice this , because you are so mesmerized by the character animation -RRB- . Also , at least on my copy , I notice that if you play for long stretches at a time , the game will suddenly go into pause state , and lock up there . But that could just be my copy , which was purchased used.The game is * not * an action game - if you do n't like games which require thinking , do n't buy it . There are some bad guys to beat up , but their difficulty tends to be pretty low throughout the game - instead of upping their difficulty , for the most part , they just throw larger quantities of bad guys at you more frequently as the game progresses . Especially irritating is at the end , just before you fight the Queen herself , you are fighting about a hundred or so bad guys , all of whom never even really touch you , because you have such a powerful weapon at that stage that they shirk from you every time they even * think * of getting close enough to attack . The Queen , too , is no challenge to defeat , once you 've figured out how to use the monoliths as shields from her petrification attack during the periods in which you are defenseless.However , as a puzzle game , it is extremely strong . The puzzles are fairly challenging , but not so challenging that you get frustrated and give up . I only peeked at a walkthrough once , and it ended up being a solution I had thought I 'd tried already , so did n't keep trying again.This is one of my all-time favorite games , right up there with the Metal Gear Solid series and Max Payne -LRB- only played the latter on PC -RRB- .
 I 'm not a big fan of puzzle games . You know , the ones where you sit in the same place for an hour twisting knobs and flipping switches until the door finally opens , or moving the chess pieces into just the right configuration so that you can get to the next level.Which was why I was a little hesitant to buy Ico . Still , the graphics looked amazing , and I found it used , so I gambled and came home with the finest puzzle game I 've ever played.What 's different about this puzzle game ? A number of things . First , the puzzles make sense . You play Ico , a small boy locked into a deserted castle who comes upon a princess in much the same situation . The object is to get both of you out of the castle . In order to get through a level , you have to get Ico and the princess through the energy door on each level . In order to get through the energy door -LRB- which only the princess can open -RRB- , you have only to get the princess there . Knowing that she ca n't make the amazing jumps or climb chains like Ico can , solving each level 's puzzle is simply a matter of making that level accessible to the princess . This done by lowering drawbridges , pushing boxes , raising stairs , etc. so that the princess can get through the door.Second , you 're not tied to a single spot until you solve the puzzle . The levels in Ico are really big , and you 'll need to move thorughout them in order to pave a path for the princess . Just make sure you do n't stray from her too long or the mysterious shadows will come carry her away.Third , there are no items you need to carry around the whole game , looking for the right place to use them . The levels are self-contained , and everything you need to solve the puzzle is right there on that level . In fact , Ico does n't even have an inventory system.Fouth , you ca n't get in so much trouble on a level that you 've got to start over ; you 're free to experiment without fear . The only two things that make you restart the level are Ico falling too great a distance , or the princess being carried away by evil shadows.As I mentioned at the beginning , the game is gorgeous . The castle has so many varied textures and architectures that every level is a joy to behold . The characters move realistically , and there 's a great eye to detail . Whenever Ico jumps there 's a little puff of dust that blows up , the sound Ico makes changes depending on the accoustics of the room he 's in , the princess reacts to Ico 's actions with amazing accuracy . This attention to detail made for an extremely immersive experience.Finally , the story . There 's not much of one - get Ico and the princess out of the castle while avoiding inky shadow creatures and the evil queen . The last hour of the story , however , is really good.Get the game and play it . Whatever you do , though , do n't leave until after the final credits have rolled !
 Enchanting . Mind-boggling . Terrifying . Artistic . Dramatic . All of these words and many more can describe this mesmerizing game about a boy named Ico whom is taken from his village to be confined in castle bigger than what he could even contemplate on.Moments after his confinement into his egg-shaped prison , tremors in the castle knock the Ico 's cell out of place , freeing Ico from his cell , but not freeing him from the castle . Along the way of escape , Ico finds another trapped soul , Yorda . The Queen , slowly dying away , is keeping her daughter , Yorda , from getting away from the plans she has for her -LRB- reveiled in the game -RRB- . Ico frees Yorda from her own cell , thus , beginning the adventure.You will need your intelligence , your courage , and perhaps a tissue for this giant maze . The majority think the game was cut to short , but any extensions to this game will make it seem drug out . I really think you will enjoy this game , especially if you are into puzzling games , and you enjoy viewing the beauty of the graphics generated from the Playstation2 console . This game definately is a Dream You Can Play .
 As an old game vet from the age of Atari 2600 , I think I have seen just about everything in video games . This game is the best I have ever played on the PS2 . Now of course if your no fan of this entire type of game then you wo n't think much of it no matter how good it is . I really am struck spechless by this game 's awesome majesty . Just try it and see .
 At the E3 convention last summer , I heard a ton about this game with an odd title . So I had to hunt around the convention hall to find a group of TV screens showing the gameplay of this fantastic little game . Unfortunately I 'm not able to buy EVERY game that I want when they first come out ... but I finally managed to get ICO a month ago or so . I played the game for 3 days -LRB- evenings actually ... after work -RRB- and finished the game in a total of about 8 or 10 hours . It may not seem like a super long time to play a game , but the scenery and the character movement are well worth the price of the game.The game is essentially ` Escape from the Castle ' with a few little quirks and twists . The movement of the characters is intuitive and easy to handle ... and rarely will you find yourself sitting in front of an area saying `` well how come he does n't just grab that rope '' . Everything in the game makes sense , and visually you 'll sit back and enjoy the short cinematic animations that come up every so often.Looking for a game for that you can pop in when friends come over , ICO is the game . It plays like a movie , so do n't be surprised if everyone watches one person play the game ... for hours .
 I have n't played a puzzle game in years.Mostly they just frustrate me . But this game has great puzzles and an excellent story . I great game for anyone who enjoys solving puzzles and likes a good story .
 This game was originally made for the PS1 but ended up released with the PS2 . A previous reviewer recommended us to `` stay away from the bargain-bin price '' and referenced `` numerous problems '' in the game . Well , if you are n't an ARPG fan , then screw it . This game has some touching elements in it reminescent of early Zeldas for gameboy , sublimely delicate graphics and movement like newer FFs , and controls like the earlier Prince of Persia . Though there are few speeches , everything is conveyed powerfully through scenery , purposeful encounters , and strong and symbolic statements . Each moment works to contribute to the final heart-tugging climax of the game with no crap in between . The only concern you might have with buying the game is the difficulty of the puzzles . They are not that hard if you use some common sense , and all those mini-goals give you a sense of satisfaction once you 've solved them . As for repetitive scenery , there are a few overused wall tiles -LRB- you are , in the same castle , afterall -RRB- , but each puzzle is fresh and new , taking you from a convincingly Aztec-feeling tomb , to scaling the side of a mountain , leaping perilously over dangling cogs , or negotiating a bridge in dizzying scenic heights . At certain points , it even presents you with moral choices -LRB- For those who 've played , i 'm referring to the pre-boss battle with horned wraiths . Did n't it make you stop and think ? -RRB- ICO is the most beautifully understated piece that has ever graced my ps2 , and everyone I know who 's played it certainly reserves a special place in their hearts for this heart-warming tale .
 One of my friends had this game for almost 2 years and I never played it until a few weeks ago becasue I had nothing else to do . I never thought of playing it because it looked like a pretty lame and boring game . But boy , was I so incredibly wrong.This is my all time favourite game ever created . I 've never played a game so intriging and amazingly fun . The puzzles were hard but beatable and the fighting was something unique that I 've never seen before.I ca n't remember how long it took me to beat Ico but I think it was somewhere around 8 hours . But those were the best 8 hours of my life -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- . Why has n't there been a sequel to this game ? I have no frickin idea . Ico was incredible . Instead of focusing on making crappy sequels to crappy games , why not make a sequel to one of , if not thee , greatest game ever made.Graphics - 9/10This graphics are some of the best I 've ever seen in any game . I do n't know why old games like this and the Bouncer have such incredible graphics.Gameplay - 10/10What 's there to say , the puzzles are amazing , the fighting is unique and fun and do n't forget the collection of sweet weapons to use.Sound - 9/10The music is ... well there is n't any music , save the rare few in cutscnes or the ending theme . But the sound effects make up for the loss of tunes immensely . The sound is perfect , the clashing of metal , the lowering of a bridge , the splashing of water , it all fits in perfectly.Replay - 4/10Sadly , the only downfall I can see in this game is the replaying of it . The puzzles lose most of thier lustre the second time through which was the funnest part the first time . Though it still is fun the second time using the secret weapon which I wont mention to spoil those who have n't seen it yet.Overall , this game is a must and should be bought immediately . Screw renting , go buy now , you do n't know what you 're missing .
 Just read the other reviews ... ` nuf said . Still , I 'd like to point out a few things that I found special about the game.-Comhesive architecture . Even though the game is linear , you 'll be walking somewhere and look down and say ` oh , I remember that part there was a puzzle and I had to do ... ' ; Throughout the game , you 'll eventually end up exploring every part of the castle , nothing is there `` just for show '' - Grahpics . Contrary to what some people might say , I found the graphics to be very good . In terms of pixel count or raw power , Ico doens ' t hold up against most games , but it 's strength lies in it 's presentation . The game seems to have a fuzzy look to it , but even when you zoom in , it the quality does n't depreciate that much , but adds to the overall dream-like quality of the game.-Playtime . Even though it only took me 10 hours to beat the game , I savored every minute . Everything just feels right for some reason , and although some people complain -LRB- mostly an afterthought -RRB- the game is too short , nobody has yet lodged a specific complaint , saying `` This part should have been longer '' . Yes , it 's only 10 hours , but it 's an excellent 10 hours.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR BLOOD AND ACTION
 I ca n't wait for a sequel , though it would be a tough challenge to match such a great game . The game is becoming short in supply since it is an older game . Even with all the new PS2 titles it is still remains one of the PS2 best games ... Why is it one of the best ? - Great for all ages.-Story , graphics , sounds , and environments are awesome.-Puzzles are great and challenging , but not impossible.-Unique game style ; find ways to get a girl throughout a castleprotecting her from monster shadows with only a club until asword is found . -LRB- No blood you fight black smoke ! -RRB- - Teaches people how to help others . What a concept teach kidssomething good for a change while having fun . Wow , morallessons ! - Seven hours of quality gaming ... What 's wrong ? - It 's almost impossible to fing anymore...-Only about 7 Hrs of game play , You 'll be sad it 's over...-Not much replay other than to enjoy the environment.-I have n't found any game like it , which is rather disappointing for the PS2.A must have ... ~ Umpa
 ICO is the absolute epitome of beauty and is worth * every last * cent you pay for it ! There is n't a SINGLE thing wrong with this game other than the fact that it 's too short and that you do n't get to control Yorda as you do in the Japanese or PAL versions after beating the game the first time . But even without those extras , the game is AMAZING on EVERY level in EVERY way !!! Walking around the castle or outside of it , you can be TRULY entranced by the beauty of your surroundings ! The voices in the game seem real , as well as the realistic movements of Ico and Yorda . It 's fun to just walk around in awe at the entire game while trying to solve the puzzles . Not to mention the ending is great , too ! Another phenomenal thing about the game is the ambient and beautiful music ! The entire game is like one amazing interactive painting -- it 's indescribable ! It 's almost impossible to understand mine or anyone 's review until you actually play ICO . No . - correction
 I first played this game on a demo disk , and was a little skeptical . I had not heard any news on this game at that time , and did n't know what to expect . The first thing I noticed about this game was that the rooms were huge , and very detailed . I also noticed the camera was a little odd for an action game . I soon came to find out that this was n't really an action game , but a puzzle solving game . This pleased me , for I loved all three Myst games and many others of the Genre . I immediatly bought this game when it was released , and am very glad that I did . The graphics are simply amazing . The castle is huge and very detailed . You can literally look from one side of it to the other . The lighting is excellent and really sets the mood for the game . I love the way you can actually be blinded by the sun . The detail in this game is stricking . The castle is populated by birds , and they leave feathers floating in the wind when they fly . The animations of the characters is perfect . I also must say that Yorda 's AI is n't too bad , considering that you do n't control her . I have even watched her chase after the birds . One of the best parts of this game is the sound . Each one is realistic and sounds very clear . This is definitly a game to use surround sound on . One complaint is that it is very short . I completed it in about 5 hours . This does n't suprise me , though , for you only go through one castle , and they had to keep it within size limits . At least the environments are rather varied and beautiful to look at . This game truly belongs in everyone 's library .
 I played the demo , and that convinced me to buy it . It 's a movement or puzzle oriented adventure game with absolutely gorgeous indoor and outdoor environments rivalling the Myst series . It 's very sweet , as you play a small boy trying to escape from a huge castle complex with his friend Jorda , whom you have to protect from shadowy creatures with a stick and assist in climbing ledges and other obstacles . The sets are well designed , diverse -LRB- within the European castle genre -RRB- , and immersive . The motion capture for the characters is very well done , and Jorda 's AI is advanced enough that getting her to follow you or do what you want is not frustrating . It 's very good for kids , as there is basically no violence ; nobody is injuired . Swinging at humanoid shaped black smoke which is trying to usher Jorda away is about the worst of it , and there 's not much at that . For the ESRB to rate it `` Teen '' is a travesty , as this is suitable for kids of ALL ages , but because of the beautifully rendered scenes and amazing motion capture of the characters , it 's something that adults can enjoy , too . After reading the ESRB 's rating guidelines , I have a feeling it got a `` Teen '' rating because the stick-swinging was n't `` slapstick '' , since Ico tries to have realistic looking characters and motions , but assuming that realism is always for adults and animation is only for kids is just one of the ESRB 's many flaws which make its ratings useless .
 ICO is a very interesting game . The closest comparison I can think of is like a 3D version of a Prince of Persia type -LRB- if anybody still remembers that -RRB- where you have to climb ledges and jump from platform to platform , etc. . The catch is that in addition to winding your way through this fortress , you also have to take -LRB- coax , drag , etc. . -RRB- a lovely young princess with you . The whole point of the game is to get her safely out of the fortress . If she dies , you die . If you leave her for too long , she gets attacked by shadow demons.The graphics in this game are quite impressive . The fortress itself is immense . Some of the areas are huge , and they 're all beautifully rendered . The graphics reminded me a lot of Myst and Riven -LRB- except they are n't static images -RRB- . The characters are also very well rendered . The interaction between Ico and the princess is very realistic -LRB- sometimes he has to grab her hand and drag her around ... this is incredibly realistic -RRB- . Gameplay is very interesting . When you 're first trying to figure out what you can get the princess to do , and how to interact with the world , the puzzles are very hard . It gets easier as you go , but it 's still interesting until the very end . One of the coolest things about this game is that there is no visual difference between scenery that 's part of the puzzles , and stuff that 's just in the background . In a lot of games , you can cheat a little bit because objects that are useable always kind of stick out into the foreground . I found this to be a really cool feature because it makes the puzzles much more difficult and fun.This game took me about 10 hours to finish . It 's not quite as long as I might have liked , but I was very satisfied at the end .
 I picked this game up inresponse to the general hype , and I was n't let down . The game played well and was a delight for the total eight or nine hours it took to do a complete walkthrough -LRB- and I even got lost at one point -RRB- . The graphics are beautiful , and the characters move very realistically . The camera angles get a little weird at times -LRB- annoying when you 're in a hurry to rescue Yorda from some creeps with your mighty stick -RRB- , but are overall well placed . The interaction between the character models was just fun to look at . I love how yorda stumbled when I was dragging her around like a madman , and I love how they take stairs at their own gaits . Or how they leave one foot on one step with the knee bent and the other leg one step below . That 's the sort of attention to detail that I 'm all about . There are a couple of instances where body parts somehow go through solid stone or chains -LRB- and how the hell do you climb a chain while clutching a stick that size , anyway -RRB- . The random birds are very very nice , and their reactions are pretty interesting.I 'd highly recommend the game to someone who just wants to get away from reality for a while -LRB- just not a terribly LONG while -RRB- .
 It 's tough picking up Ico in 2010 , after the game has been out for nine years and video game technology has come so far . Some people would think I 'm crazy for going all the way back to the beginning of the Playstation 2 era , just to play a puzzle-solving escort mission , but after completing Shadow of the Colossus about a year and a half ago , I was hooked . I wanted to know more about the world and experience more of the beauty of the Shadow of the Colossus universe.When my boyfriend gave me a copy of Ico for my birthday earlier this year , I was psyched . The only catch ? Shortly after I moved into an apartment and did n't own a television -LRB- dang , they are expensive -RRB- . After a few months I finally saved up enough to buy a gorgeous new TV in crystal clear 1080p HD , and quickly jumped into the world of Ico . Sadly , the graphics did n't look too hot due to the quality of the TV versus the age of the game - that aside , it was an absolutely fabulous game that hailed the reign of Sony 's PS2 and re-defined what a video game could be.Ico is the story of a young boy with horns who is left as a sacrifice by his people -LRB- due to the horns of course -RRB- inside a mysterious castle . Inside the castle , Ico meets a mysterious princess named Yorda , who is also trapped there . Ico must escape from the castle with Yorda and protect her from the spirits who try to kidnap her and keep her in the castle . As you race through the castle , you must solve puzzles and protect the girl.Basically , the entire game is an escort mission with puzzle-solving . Does n't sound like a great game on the surface , but trust me - it 's incredibly fun . Yorda is n't too painful of an escort mission , and the puzzles are fascinating . Most importantly , Ico is a truly unique video game that stretches the stereotypes of what a game should be.Interestingly enough , Ico is a very minimalist game . It does n't have much plot , much character development , back story or even music for that matter , but there 's something about the simple beauty of this game that helps it transcend what a video game should be into art . It 's not about fighting or racing or anything , just charming and simple.Ico may be difficult for gamers who have serious problems with escort missions , and at times the game threatens to get a little boring due to the constant need to solve puzzles - this is helped somewhat by the fact that it 's not a very long game . I also found that the puzzles seemed to hit a difficulty plateau relatively early in the game , and did n't seem to get much more difficult from there on . Perhaps my brain became more in tune with how the game was put together , but I was surprised it did n't become more difficult - just more unique.Truly , Ico is a great game , a landmark of gaming , and a great addition to a PS2 gamer 's library .
 The game itself is awesome ; however , the game lasted way more to reach my house than the estimeted time . I do n't regret buying it , it was totaly worth it !
 It was only around the beginning of 2005 that I finally decided to purchase this game used , after hearing continual hype about what a great game it was.I would n't really say it was a disappointment . The graphics were incredibly beautiful , and the castle where the game takes place is a fascinating and all around very interesting place to get lost in . An enjoyable game , but it did n't really pull me in that much , and I would n't say that it 's anywhere near one of the best games I 've played.For all of the beauty of the game , it is unfortunately lacking in any kind of depth or interesting gameplay . Well , the puzzle solving WAS fun , and interesting . But that 's where the fun ends . There is absolutely NO character development , no variety whatsoever of different attack moves , no real combos , no magics or techniques , no armor , no accessories , and a whopping 2 weapons in the entire game . The first half of the game you have a stick , the second half you have a sword . That 's it . Also , there is essentially only 1 kind of enemy in the entire game that you have to fight over and over and over and over again . The combat is just plain monotonous and boring , and it really drags this game down . You have 1 move
 I love this game ! I just got the demo disc that features about 10 min of ICO ... . and I will defenetly buy on christmas ! The only problem with the game are the graphics ... . unlike what most people are saying on their reviews , the graphics feature some ugly textures and have very few detail -LRB- just like most N64 games -RRB- ... . thank god the creators did n't put a camera that could zoom in , or else would have been really nasty ! Anyway , the game is still worthed because of the fun factor !
 WELL I MUST ADMIT THAT WHEN I SAW THE REVIEW OF ICO I THROUGHT THAT IT WAS A KIDS GAME , BUT WHEN I PLAYED OHH MY I WAS WRONG IT ONE OF THE MOST BEATIFUL AND GREATEST GAME OF ALL TIME , I PASSED THE DEMO GAME SO I INMIDIATELY BOUGHT IN FACT I 'M STILL WAITING FOR THE GAME TO ARRIVE I DO N'T CARE THAT THIS GAME IS SHORT I WANT IT IT SEEMS SO COOL , SO IF YOU WANT A GAME WITH EXCELLENET GRAPHICAS AND WANT TO SEE WHAT PS2 CAN DO , BUY THIS GAME IT WILL KEEP YOU PLAYING UNTIL METAL GEAR 2 COMES OUT , JEJEJEJE I HAD PREORDER ALSO METAL GEAR .
 Ok , I know I 'm probably not going to be very popular for this review but ... the game was just `` ok . '' True the graphics are amazing as well as the atmosphere ... but ... I just do n't get off on spending hours trying open this or jump that . You really must like puzzle solving games and exploring to like this game . I only have 1 hour a night to play if I am lucky due to family commitments so I want a game I can get into , play , and then put down without losing where I was . God forbid you miss a day or two and have to play again . You find yourself asking
 To be honest , I am not sure how you would define what genre ICO falls into . It has some RPG elements , but is mainly a puzzle-based action game . But whatever it is , and despite the lack of action , I really enjoyed ICO . Here 's why : The pros :1 . Puzzles . While some people might consider puzzles to be the worst part of any game , I think they ae a major strength in ICO . The castle your character is trapped in is huge , with many winding staircases , ladders , traps , and hidden areas . Finding all these is the fun of ICO . To move ahead , you must solve a series of puzzles , ranging is difficulty from very easy , to very hard.Solving all the puzzles is the most fun aspect of ICO .2 . Free-roaming . I love the feeling that you can roam free in the castle . Thought the areas are restrictive at first , you have to roam arond and find your way out . The castle is huge , and part of the fun is exploring all the areas .3 . Control . ICO is a very easy game to control , which means that you can concerntrate on what you are doing without having to worry about pressing the righ button .4 . Graphics . Even people who hated this game acknowledged that the graphics are well above average . The character movement is nice and fluid , and there is minimal popup or bleed through , if any . The details in the castle are excellent , from the shadows cast by the torches , to the cobblestones on the castle floor . Visually , your in for a treat.And now , for the cons :1 . Weak storyline . Where ICO differs from your atandard RPG , besides being more action-based , is the minimal attention to story . You are a boy who is trapped in an ancient castle . A young princess is trapped with you . You must rescue her and escape the castle with your lives . That is the story . Somewhat cliches by RPG standards . I deeper story would have helped .2 . Length . I found this game to be too short , which might be a turn-off for the gamers lookingto get the greatest value for their dollar . I bought this game used -LRB- as I do most video games -RRB- , so I do n't really feel cheated . But I really wanted to keep goingwhen I beat this game .3 . Lack of challenging battles . Being a puzzle-based game , the battles and battle strategy are obviously on the back burner . I never got killed once . I think a more complex battle system would have added not only to the fun , but the replay value.ICO is a curious little game . I enjoyed it , though I found it , at times , short and uninvolving . I would recommend it to most people , but not for die-hard RPG fans .
 The first review on this page was coppied directly out of playstation magazine . It is even titled the same . The game is great though .
 This game has its own value to the gamers . Eventhough I found it 's frustrating ... it still rocks !! Sometimes the girl is not cooperating with me -LRB- silly program -RRB- though.Overall , this game meets my expectation and so do you .
 I 've never enjoyed anything this vague before . ICO is almost like playing an episode of The Twilight Zone . You are n't provided with much backstory or explanation for any of the things that happen . This game does a great job of putting you in the hero 's part . It 's easy to identify with the main character who is an ordinary kid put in an extraordinary position . This is n't your typical unstoppable killing maching video game character . And thankfully you are n't out to save the world again.Basically the whole purpose of this game is to escape a castle which is basically one giant puzzle . You really ca n't say that the puzzles are seamlessly blended into the environment ... BUT ... no other game has come this close . I can also say that I 've never played a game that gives off such a great sense of accomplishment once you solve a puzzle . It almost feels like you did some useful problem solving , rather than ` collect the key ' , or ` push the block ' . And it was great for the programmers to add tension in the form of enemies which attempt to abduct your companion once you leave her alone for a while.No other game I 've played has this level of atmosphere . Atmospheric is the best word to describe ICO . The vistas are gorgeous even though the camera gets annoying once a fight starts . The cost is that the game has no replay value whatsoever . But with the rock bottom price you can find this game for , it 's always worth it .
 This is my first review of anything . I have played many different games . I just had to write something on ICO though . Just read anyone elses review . The bad part of the game is that it ends .
 I picked this game up used -LRB- ... -RRB- . I wanted to play it when it first came out , but slowly forgot about it until I saw it used -LRB- ... -RRB- . How less meaningful my life would have been if I had completely missed this game.For being as old as it is , the graphis are simply astounding . Years after the game 's release , it is prettier than 99.9 % of new games on the shelf for any system . They have a sort of mystical quality to them that you just ca n't ignore , sorta like Samurai Jack 's animation in that it stands out from everything else.The character animation and moveset is excellent . The 12 year old kid , while very tough for a kid , moves and climbs with great agility and fluidity , but you never feel that he is some great warrior . When you swing your stick or sword at the shadow spirits , he attacks them as a little kid would.But protecting the girl and leading her around by the hand has to be one of the sweetest , most heartwarming things I have ever seen in a videogame . How this 12 year old kid takes it upon himself to protect this strange woman he saved from a cage is so unique and , as I 've said before , heartwarming , that you really begin to care for these characters . And they do n't understand each other 's languages , which adds to the drama.And desparation is the only word I can think of when you are leading her along as the shadow spirits come to take her away . Or when the do grab her and fly to a portal , your heart really begins to beat as you try to find her and pull her out before she is lost for good.Everything about this game has been done perfectly . Even Prince of Persia , a great game in its own right , borrowed a few ideas from ICO . At such a cheap price , I eagerly urge anyone reading this that has n't played the game , to go out and play it . You wo n't be disapointed .
 Just read the other reviews ... ` nuf said . Still , I 'd like to point out a few things that I found special about the game.-Comhesive architecture . Even though the game is linear , you 'll be walking somewhere and look down and say ` oh , I remember that part there was a puzzle and I had to do ... ' ; Throughout the game , you 'll eventually end up exploring every part of the castle , nothing is there `` just for show '' - Grahpics . Contrary to what some people might say , I found the graphics to be very good . In terms of pixel count or raw power , Ico doens ' t hold up against most games , but it 's strength lies in it 's presentation . The game seems to have a fuzzy look to it , but even when you zoom in , it the quality does n't depreciate that much , but adds to the overall dream-like quality of the game.-Playtime . Even though it only took me 10 hours to beat the game , I savored every minute . Everything just feels right for some reason , and although some people complain -LRB- mostly an afterthought -RRB- the game is too short , nobody has yet lodged a specific complaint , saying `` This part should have been longer '' . Yes , it 's only 10 hours , but it 's an excellent 10 hours.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR BLOOD AND ACTION
 I picked up this game just because i had alot of mone and i went to the store onbe day and got it cuz it was only 29.99 . Not knowing anything about it i started to play it . It is different than most games . It is beautiful in the sense that it has great graphics . Just cuz the batles are easy doesnt mean you should dis it . I fell in love with the game jkust cuz it is a great adventure on a different level than other games . The end is sad and im 15 and cried cuz it was sad and the game is so touching . I will always rember this game cuz it is so good and WE NEED A SEQUEL , ICO 2 . Im waiting for one.-Andrew -
 I 've come into the world of gaming only very recently , over the past several years , and Ico was the first Playstation 2 game I ever played . Since then , I have found very few immersive gaming experiences as deeply engaging and moving as I did in Ico . The environment and sound of a video game is extremely important to me , since I 'm not the competitive sportsgame type or the cerebral RPG type . The action and the puzzles were challenging and engaging , but the ambient sounds and hazy environments of the castle Ico found himself isolated and imprisoned within haunt me to this day . I ca n't think of any other game where there is such wonderful ambience , and also where the gameplay and environments alone are used to tell the story -LRB- there are no intelligible words spoken by either character and subtitles are used very sparingly -RRB- . The character development of Ico and the mysterious princess , Yorda , whom he frees and guides through the perils of the castle , is wonderful and their bond is made evident and developed through the very subtle movements and interactions of the two young protagonists.If you enjoy superb graphics and sound , intelligent gameplay , and very engaging characters in your PS2 gaming , I ca n't recommend any game more than Ico . Enjoy the experience ! -LRB- and make sure you wait through the end-titles of the game , FYI -RRB-
 Ico is one of the best games i have ever played . The puzzles are not hard but there not easy either and the fighting system has a lot of cool combos . One of the down sides is the monsters are all black shadows that just take different form . What really makes this game challenging is your protecting a princess from all the mosters and if they get her then you lose and some times that gets really annoying but if you like a good puzzle and a good adventure I highly reccomend Ico
 Ico is one of the best games i have ever played . The puzzles are not hard but there not easy either and the fighting system has a lot of cool combos . One of the down sides is the monsters are all black shadows that just take different form . What really makes this game challenging is your protecting a princess from all the mosters and if they get her then you lose and some times that gets really annoying but if you like a good puzzle and a good adventure I highly reccomend Ico
 this is one of my favorite games for the PS2 . the graphics are amazing , and the gameplay is very good . the only downside was that this game could be completed in 10 hours or less . but who cares about that right ?
 This is asctually one of the best PS2 games I 've ever played ! Although it is a little confusing at the beginning , players will learn quickly how to control the game . My favorate thing about this game is how it is not to easy , but not to hard , with battling and solving the puzzles . If you do n't buy this game , your are missing out on one of the greatest games playstation 2 has to offer .
 I have just returned to gaming after a break for a few years . I used to marvel at the scale of Elite Frontier , lose weekends on Civilisation and go for the highest score on Ghouls & Ghosts.As the game platforms developed , I just never found anything `` Interesting '' any more ... and thought I 'd just grown up ! I guess Doom and all it 's copycats just got really old very quickly for me ... ICO has changed my view of modern gaming!I 'll agree that the gameplay is often sometimes simple , that the girl can be a little frustrating and that it was over all to quickly.But ... What a delight just to explore the castle . Once I got past the windmill scene -LRB- great water ... -RRB- , I just could n't stop playing ! And towards the end of the game , my heart was in my mouth.I played the game on a large screen projector and was just gobsmacked by the scenery ... everything from watching the leaves blowing in the trees , to fearing vertigo would take my life and return me to where I was more than an hour before , had me hooked.This game deserves a mention in anyone 's all-time favourite games !
 This game was a change in what I 'm used to playing . First , you do n't collect any weapons . You just use whatever you happen to find lying around you starting with the stick -LRB- which can be used as a torch which is useful -RRB- and later on you 'll find some more damaging items as you play along.The second was the amount of puzzles that are thrown at you . Now that was a plus in my opinion , solving a puzzles is just something that appeals to me and I admit it got alittle annoying at times but I got past it . And last thing had to be how Ico and Yorda communicated . When Ico spoke -LRB- his language was a made up form of Japanese or that 's what I heard -RRB- subtitles would appear in english . Now the annoying part of the game was when Yorda spoke . Her language is also a made up one but very different from Ico 's . When she spoke a form of hirogliphics , -LRB- sorry if the spelling on that word is wrong -RRB- , would appear confusing you . Keep in mind that this is done intensionally.Basicly you 're in a castle , alone and you find a girl trapped in a cage and you help her out . Finally she 's free and she speaks to you ... Damn ! You have no idea what she 's saying and that in itself is a puzzle that you have to deal with . It makes you feel how Ico is feeling . Yorda sometimes gives you clues or even points you to the right direction , which I did not see the first time playing the game . That 's a plus , now the down side is that she tends to wander out your sight , and yes I am serious she actually wanders off . That is another new element in the game , a princess with a mind of her own . This is a bad thing since you have to protect her from being harmed or should I say kidnapped . She is weak , slow and basicly ca n't help you in any fights . You have to get her through the the castle and even leave her alone at times to find a safer path for her to cross . She is the one thing you have to protect because once those shadow demons , monsters or whatever their called take the game is over.If she happens to wander away you can actually yell for her and she comes running to you . Neat . . AI is absolutely amazing in this game . This game is a must if you like testing you mind . The graphics a are beautiful the controls are smooth and easy to master . And the puzzles can be mind boggling . The only complaint I have is that it was too short but that does not and will not affect my score one bit . Go and buy it now . You will not be disappointed one bit .
 Ico is one of the best puzzle games I have played , and certainly one of the most graphically beautiful games I have ever seen . I would , every now and then , forgo game play and just pan the camera about enjoying the environment . I loved the trees - individual branches , and even leaves , would rustle and dance about in the wind . The animators and artists developed a very complete and generously detailed world to explore . I think comparing Ico to Myst would be the most accurate description of the game . They are both largely peaceful games with beautiful environments and sounds to enjoy , and complex cause and effect puzzles to labor through.The puzzles are difficult at best and mind-numbing at their worst . Possibly the most frustrating thing about the puzzles is that at no time do the designers obscure the solutions so badly that you would have to cheat or encounter blind luck to solve them . Why was this so frustrating ? Because it means that your ability to solve the puzzle depends entirely upon your powers of observation , memory , and logical progressive thinking . The solutions are all right there for you to see , if you could only just figure it out ! Unlike the Tomb Raider games , which seemed to delight in hiding one of the secrets or levers or such behind some object , where it is physically impossible to see it , and you need to literally stumble upon it to find it . -LRB- Although I may complain , I can , none-the-less , gleefully recommend the first and the fourth games in the Tomb Raider series as tremendous puzzle-solving games with a flavor relative to Ico ... the second and third are a bit more combat-orientated . -RRB- Now , although the game design is extrodinary , I can not help but find three relatively mild detractions to add to this review . The first complaint I had involved the camera angles , of which the player has no control over . The camera fixes itself , and the best you can hope for is a panning range of maybe 130 degrees to the left or right of the point of view forced on you . It is limiting , and , at certain times , extremely annoying . For example , when attempting to judge or line up a jump , a flexible camera angle would have been very welcome . My second complaint involved the murkiness of some of the puzzle environments . At times it became difficult to define ledges , distances , or pathways solely because of the blur of browns and grays in the backgrounds , and dim lighting and/or fogs or sprays in the foreground . Although it added to the challenge of the puzzles , sometimes it was just an aggrievation standing between you and the solution you know is correct . My final complaint is simply that the game was far to short . I completed the game in just over 6 hours , and that includes time I took to just sit and watch the trees and birds.Taken altogether , I can truthfully recommend Ico as a beautifully rendered , wonderfully complex puzzle game -LRB- the final puzzle sequence may just drive you over the edge -RRB- . I recommend it especially when a long weekend is upon you , and you can sit a few hours each day , and just play the game through.As an aside , I could also highly recommend Ico 's cartoon-like kissing cousin puzzle games The Lost Vikings and its sequel , Norse by Norsewest . As Ico is required to clear pathways for the delicate princess Yorda -LRB- who has to take ladder rungs at a `` one-foot-stop , repeat '' basis -RRB- , these games contain three characters , each with their own abilities , and each required to clear sections of a pathway , in a specific order , such that all three can escape a game area . Although trapped in a virtually archaic two-dimensional scrolling screen , the Viking games are extremely good with progressively more and more difficult puzzles .
 Oh boy ! Another mediocre game for the PlayStation 2 made by the worst first-party publisher ever . Needless to say , when I first heard about Ico , I was expecting another failure from Sony . But this was not your ordinary gaming fare
 As far as games go , I really feel that lately gaming has been in a slump . It has been more than a year since I have purchased a game , computer or PS2 , and have been truly enthralled.Ico has changed all that . By incorporating a beautiful tale , into a game that has incredible graphics , and near perfect gameplay Ico has accomplished something great . Ico makes you actually feel like you are living out some sort of childhood dream . Now some would probably say that this is just a game ... well yes it is , but Ico is more . Think about the greatest book you have ever read . Now think about how emotional you would get when the characters were in danger or conflicted ... now imagine that you are controlling the main character , and its your job to ensure the heroin 's safety . Now imagine that the heroin actually reacts to you ... its unbeleivable , but Ico accomplishes this.Previous reviews have mentioned that Ico is short , well if you are looking for FF . . it is not . Its more like an interactive movie.Ico is by far one of the most brilliant games ever made.I agree that it is hard to justify spending the amount of money required for a game that might keep you busy for a week , but I say that if you want to see more games of this quality , and from a company that is obviously interested in providing top notch products I say spend the money .
 Ico Ico Ico . According to an interview I saw with the creator of the game , it is pronounced `` Eeeko . '' This game is angelic . There is no other word for it.You play a ten-year old boy -LRB- I think he 's ten -RRB- who is born with horns . In his village , this means death . He is taken to a huge castle and imprisoned a giant urn . The urn ends up toppling over and breaking and your adventure begins . Almost immediately , you find a young girl named Yorda . It is then your mission not only to escape the castle , but to bring Yorda with you.There is almost no violence in this game . This is somethig everyone should be prepared for going into this game . It is the main problem some might have . I did n't . I thought it was darn refreshing to play a non-bloody , non-kill-em-all game . The closest thing to violence comes with beating away the evil , black spirits with your stick or sword . The only other problem some may have is the length . It 's too short . One wants the beauty to last forever.That said , the game is brilliant . The graphics are simply amazing . The lighting is like some I 've never seen in a video game . And then there is the character animations . The first time I stood on a ledge , held out my hand to Yorda , and watched her jump and barely make it , my heart wept . And hopefully , so will anybody else 's who buys this game.Buy it now . Thought it 's short , it 's challenging . And it 's always fun watching your friend or girlfriend or boyfriend trying to solve the same puzzles you already beat .
 I just completed the actual retail version of this game . I can only accurately describe it in one word ; Short . I finished this game in less than 6 and a half hours . I did not cheat -LRB- I 'm not sure you can -RRB- and I did not use a walkthrough . I spent my time looking around and figuring out the puzzles and fighting the shadow monsters . It 's flat out the shortest game I have ever played and I 've been playing video games many a year . Do n't get me wrong , because I ca n't recommend this game enough . It 's beautiful to look at and makes you use your mind , not just a twitchy finger or two . Do n't let the demo fool you . Those shadow monsters are much , much tougher in the real game . They do n't just run away with the girl , they fly away ! And although the demo shows you rooms that are in the game , the actual gameplay in those rooms is much different . The saddest part of this game is that I do n't see much replay value . Once you know what to do , you know what to do and it will be over that much faster . In the long run I would suggest renting this game over a weekend and playing until your done .
 There was a band in 1974 that hailed from Queens , NY . They were tired of self-indulgent guitar solos , tired of 20-minute songs with movements , tired of the things that had filtered into music that did n't belong there . So they brought it back to basics , stripped everything that did n't need to be there and just made quick , catchy songs and have since been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.That band was the Ramones.I bring them up because ICO is the video game equivalent of the Ramones . In the age of GTA , it seems like almost every video game tries to cram in as much content as possible , but in most cases this added content is a bore to play and is only there to increase game length . ICO does n't bother with such things . It does one thing and it does it well and it repeats that one thing . From beginning to end , ICO is a joy to play , with each new room you cross being more enjoyable then the last . It 's over somewhat quickly , but the experience is so wonderful , you wo n't care.I describe ICO as a minimalist Zelda . To be more specific , ICO is basically a giant Zelda dungeon , with dozens of puzzles , enemies , items and upgrades awaiting . The puzzles in ICO are fiendishly clever and they 're also not obvious right away due to the puzzles being part of the castle 's architechture and not typical `` hey this is a video game ! '' puzzle . In most video games , there 's an obvious button you need to stand on , or lever you 've got to throw , but in ICO , it feels like you 're really exploiting loopholes in the castle 's structure . When you get to the windmill , you 'll know what I say is true.Some would say the combat in ICO is poor and the game is over far too soon , but these people are simply wrong . Difference of opinion be damned . The combat is simple , like the rest of the game , and the overall experience of the game is one that I will not soon forget . The story of the game , which I purposely did not talk about , is amazing . It can be summed up in a few sentences , but experiencing it is absolutely emotionally powerful . ICO is one of the best games of this last generation and you would be wise to pick this game up .
 This is a very easy game to love . Intriguing characters , beautifully sculpted and animated environments , and deep emotional impact . Its a bit bizarre at times , and it is way too short , but its well worth playing .
 This is a puzzle/adventure game with a few key differences . How many times in other games have you been able to quickly spot an item you can interact with because it does n't blend in with the scenery ? Not in Ico , the environment all looks consistent . How many games plaster icons , bars and scores in a head-up display over the scenery ? Not in Ico , and I 'm glad because the scenery is breath-takingly beautiful and having no clutter makes the game more film-like . How many games have basic puzzles you 've seen before or can work out in 5 seconds flat ? Not Ico , the vast majority of the puzzles are original , and a delight to discover . And how many games make you genuinely care for the characters , and make you feel like you 're there ? Ico does.The puzzles are hard , but not illogical . They 're also very original and SO satisfying to solve . The level design is true genius.The central game mechanic revolves around you controlling Ico , helping to guide a strange young girl called Yorda as you try and escape the castle . Leave Yorda on her own ad she 'll get attacked . Sometimes she even helps you solve puzzles by pointing to places you should direct your attention.Like the best games , Ico draws you in with its fantastic atmosphere . The graphics and sound are both absolutely top-notch . The haunted castle feels and sounds dark and lonely . High up on the parapets , it 's cold and scary as the wind blasts you.If you do n't already own Ico - buy it ! It 's easily one of the best PS2 games to date .
 If by chance you are wondering how spectacular ICO really is , and I quote , you owe it to yourself to pick this wonderful experience up as soon as it hits store shelves . Not only is it the most wonderfully crafted piece of Playstation 2 software I have had the privilage of testing , but also quite possibly the most original . You do n't just play the character , you feel the emotional bond that only a good game can bestow upon a player . ICO is your extension into a world , so beautiful and surreal , that the experience will stay with you well after you 've played them game.Gameplay reminiscent of `` Out of this World '' , `` Prince of Persia '' , `` Flashback '' , `` Blackthorne '' , and `` Heart of Darkness '' , but fully realized in a true 3-D environment . Also boasting some of the most amazing visuals on any PS2 game thus far , looking more like a live painting , brushed over a living breathing world , then a standard live action environment.If you love adventure , fantasy , and you are craving for something new , then you truly do owe it to yourself to experience ICO . The greatest game you 've never heard of .
 I played the demo of this game and it is very addictive , I cant put the controller down , a mix of Tombraider to Onimusha I guess you could say , very cool , the physics of the game along with the artwork are really neat . You go check out the area armed with a bo and or clear the pathway and use R1 to call the princess over to you and hold her hand along the path , later knocking demons away from her with the bo , different style , Tommy likey Tommy want ICO , he he -LRB- Tommy Boy -RRB- , anyway , Thats what I thought , Thanks !
 This game is about the puzzles dangit . So stop telling me `` This game sucks because there 's like no fighting and the enemies are stupid '' and `` This game sucks because I ca n't understand half of the story '' Well guess what ? Unless you go on Game faqs and read the translated dialouge or live in Europe nither can the rest of us . And another thing , it 's from Japan so it has about a 50/50 chance of making sense . No offense to the japanese but some of the stuff that comes out of there is just strange . This game is strange and wonderful . Now remeber , not an action game and not an RPG .
 Well this particular game is just a master piece and a work of pure genius , by all means find a copy get it beat it and keep it . The seller of this game got it to me prior to the date specified , that was good . The game was in good condition , -LRB- though did not see that it mentioned no book -RRB- . Other than that a great find.My only problem is Amazon itself . I had initially found the game from another seller for 10-15 $ cheaper . purchased it everything got validated etc. . And then all of a sudden 4 days later , out of stock . When the seller had no amount lsited when purchased , so it was safe to assume there were plenty . but no I got stuck paying more to this seller = /
 After seeing the E3 trailer for The Last Guardian , I decided that I needed to play the team 's previous two games . I had always wanted to play Shadow of the Colossus , but I had only been marginally interested in Ico . I like puzzles in my games , but I would n't call myself a fan of puzzle games.On the surface , that 's what Ico is , and some of its puzzles will certainly stump you . It also has some simple combat , but it 's not very involving . As you play through the game , though , you begin to fall in love with its atmosphere . Seriously , through the first couple hours , I thought this game was fun , but not great . However , the further I got , the more I was pulled in by the atmosphere . It 's very hard to describe . This is one of those games that you really like , and you do n't know why .
 I got this game for my birthday and I liked it . It 's different than most games because instead of defeating enimies , you most solve puzzles . The graphics are beautiful and the sound effects are eerie.The story in this game -LRB- off the back cover -RRB- : Within a world of enchantment and wonder , evil resides in an ancient castle . Ico , a young boy born with horns , has been expelled from his village and left within this isolated fortress . Embarking on a perilous quest to save himself as well as a beautiful princess , Ico must find a way to escape . However , escaping will be no easy task . Every towering staircase and stone block is a piece of a puzzle . Every open window , dangling chain and razor thin escape illuminates another mystery.The wierd thing about this game is that you do n't have any health . The only way you can die is if you fall of a cliff and you get a game over if you allow the princess to be captured by the dark spirits . Instead of fighting off the dark spirits , you must cast spells on them which will stop them temporarally but they will still come after you.The only real downside to this game is that it is incredibly short . I was able to beat it in less than 6 hours , but the game is fun while it lasts.I would recommend this game to any platformer who is ready for a new type of challenge .
 Firstly , this game is not an action game . There is no blood , and there is limited violence . But that is really not the point of this game.Ico is an enchanting and beautiful game . It sets you as Ico , a boy sentenced to death for being born with horns , and you must escape from the castle of your execution . However , you are not the only one who needs to escape . Yorda is your weakened companion in the quest for survival and freedom . She is of poor health , but can utilize enough magical energy to open barred passages for you.The music is very light when present at all , but I absolutely adore the final theme . It is very beautiful . The sound effects are light and consist of the sounds one would make walking through a stone structure . The areas are vast , and well structured . The graphics do not fail to please.And for those of you who need an easter egg or two , there is the mace you can try to find ...
 This game is one of the best I have ever played ! The graphics are magnificent and look almost like an oil painting . The music is great and the puzzles can be real mind-benders . All in all , a fantastic game ! This may not be everyones piece of cake however ... If you do n't like to think , then do n't get this game ! The only bad things about this game are that it lacks story and is very , very short -LRB- took about 5 hours ! -RRB- . This game is really great , but you may just want to rent it first !
 This game was wonderful . The graphics are great , the castle is huge . The sound effects are beautiful , and the gameplay is extremely unique and executed perfectly . Dont worry about the length , it will take about 8 hours to beat , but its perfect for this game . And the ending is very heartwarming . a Must Buy .
 I played this game on the demo disc and thought it was awesome so I bought it expecting it to take a while to beat . Unfortunatley it only took a few days of playing to beat it , but for -LSB- the price -RSB- I guess its a good buy . The graphics and control are great and the puzzles can get tough . I found myself getting stuck quite a few times trying to figure them out . You should probably rent it before you buy it if youre good at puzzle games .
 This new release is by far worth the 50.00 . Ico is a very unique adventure game , with mindburning puzzles just when you think you 're getting far.However , finding detours for the Princess may take some time . -LRB- She unfortunately can not climb chains , pipes , etc -RRB- You 'll find that the graphics are very nicely done , even to the every detail of . . the spirits who attempt to retrieve the Princess.Ico will keep you on the edge of your seat as you run along holding the Princess ' hand , fighting off spirits , and opening trap doors . This is definitely a great buy for your money .
 Until I first saw it in action on * Extended Play , I was not sure what to think of Ico . My first impressions were that this would be just another castle-puzzle game , with the same redundant and tedious game-play that most other games in the genre possess . I could never have imagined how wrong I was . Screenshots are not near enough of a showcase for this , beautiful game . It is the proverbial `` poster child '' for the current debate over whether or not videogames should be considered an art form , and even as a singular game , answers that question with a resounding `` Yes '' . At the same time , it offers an amazing blend of fairytale story telling and delicate adventure/puzzle elements into one , unforgettable experience . The opening cinematic is enough to catch the attention of even the most callous anti-puzzle gamers , and that is n't even the beginning ... The game itself more or less centers around a young boy named Ico , who has been taken away to an enormous , seemingly deserted castle as a sacrifice for his village , as every horned boy in their history has . Here , he escapes by a rather fortunate accident , and soon discovers a young , blind girl named Yorna . From that point on , you control Ico , helping him traverse the many hazards and obstacles found throughout the castle . The gameplay mechanics are simple . You gradually explore deeper and deeper into the castle by way of puzzle solving , lever pulling , and block pushing , but the game never loses its charm , because it contains only about 7-10 hrs . of gameplay time . While this may not seem long enough of a game to constitute any kind of truly satisfying , rewarding gameplay , it was done with the players ' interests in mind . The developer , SCEA , felt that if the game was any longer , it would have become too redundant and monotonous , thus losing its overall appeal , and the gamers ' interests.The game 's environments seal up the visual package and provide an impressive stage for the activities throughout . Rather than creating a world with direct and obvious geometric structures , the developer has created a believably realistic and an all-together truthful , down-to-earth environment . Instead of neatly arranged parallel bars and ledges , there are instead stair cases , cracked and broken walls , and even windows that are available for shimmying and dangling across . The lighting is exquisite , with a light haze used throughout , adding a sense of heaviness without taking away from the overall lighter mood . The detail in structure and texture is also exacted and detailed , flowing from one room to the next , without hesitation , as the games ' load times are almost nonexistent . Less than half-a-second . Far from being tedious , these simple mechanics spotlight what are perhaps the game 's most beautifully crafted elements
 This is the type of game I hate ! This is the type of game that I throw my controller at the TV ! One of the best known titles that is a similar style to this game is Tomb Raider . I ca n't tell you how many times I tried to get Lara Croft to jump from point A to point B and I ended up falling to my death . That 's what ticks me off about these games . But THIS game is everything Tomb Raider SHOULD be ! While playing as the boy Ico , I was terrified ! You should see the things he has to go through ! He 'll make impossible jumps from ropes and chains and you would think that it would take a million times until you got the jump right . Not with this game . This game has the most solid control I have EVER experienced ! When I wanted to jump on a rope I jumped on a rope . When I wanted to jump over a hole I jumped over that hole ! The control could not POSSIBLY be any better ! To top that off is the AMAZING graphics ! The actual gameplay of this game matches `` Toy Story ! '' You can zoom in and see every little detail on the characters and their surroundings . Everything is extremely beautiful ! I felt like I was watching a movie ! The movements of the characters are very realistic . You can actually see Ico tugging on Yorda 's arm because she 's too slow . The length of this game is just right for me . I beat it in a little over 5 hours . I do n't understand why ANYBODY would ever play Tomb Raider ever again when they could play this BRILLIANT game ! The only way Tomb Raider could be a good game is if it was made by the company that made Ico ! A PERFECT GAME !
 I bought ICO because it was the first game since the PS2 launched that was being talked about on just about every web site I visited . Although the idea of leading a beautiful princess out of an evil dying castle is very intuitive , the one thing that makes this game worth owning is the graphics . Simply amazing , you 'll never be bored traveling along the castles parapets , as every scene is a masterpiece to partake in . The animations of Ico and all the other characters are fabulous , with arms and legs moving seamlessly without any breaks in the polygons that make them up . The puzzles found within the game are n't mind boggling , but you ca n't give this game to your 5 year old and expect them to breeze through them . The sounds are nicely done , and when there is music it is melodious and pretty . The gameplay flows very well , with ICO responding quickly and easily to your button presses , and I never became upset once with calling the princess over . If you want to impress people with the PS2s graphical capabilities , definetly add this game to your collection . If you crave action , look elswhere but keep this in mind next time you are at the video store on a rainy day . Buy or rent , play this game at some point in your gaming career !
 This game is full of stunning visuals and it 's not overly difficult . There are a couple of times when I stopped and I had to rub my brain cells together to figure out some puzzles . . But over all , once you start , you ca n't stop until you 've won.The different moves Ico pulls off to get to where he 's going , is great . A lot of times with games like this one , the main character can only jump and climb ladders , but not here!I ca n't find enough words to express how much fun and how amazed I was playing this game.Some people might disagree that it has high replay value , but I like playing it again and again . . -LRB- especially the water parts -RRB- But you will have a hard time finding a game that satisfies your gaming needs the way Ico does . The only gripe I have is a tiny one , the camera was making me angry a lot , I found myself turning my head to try and see the other angles . . hehehehhe . . Like racing games , but that 's no big deal.Ico is one of those must have games ... You must have it !
 Man is it ever short . I rented it one day and had it beat the next . I 'm glad I did n't buy it because of it 's short play and lack of any real replay value . I went with Silent Hill 2 which has 5 endings and different difficulty settings . ICO is a beautiful game and much much fun to play . The puzzles are very simple though , but this game is really just about a quick thrill and great graphics which is achieves greatly . The shortness and easy puzzles keep me from giving it 5 stars . Definately a weekend rental .
 Many games come and go but few pass by that will impact you like ICO . This game is cinematic gold from start to finish . Despite a rather ugly cover that does no justice to the beauty of this game all gamers young and old must play this one through . From the surreal visiuals to the subtle audio to the almost flawless play mechanics this game brings more orginality , personality and fun than most games seen in the past couple years . If but one major drawback is that the game is short -LRB- about 10 hours -RRB- yet you do n't feel cheated because even the ending to this game is perfect .
 I could not type enough exclamation points to get across to you how good this game is . You are Ico , a 12 year old boy that was born with horns . Because of this , he is exiled to a Gormenghastian castle -LRB- only bigger -RRB- where he is locked up in a stone-shelled sarcophagus.Then the earthquake hits.His sarcophagus falls to the stone floor and cracks open , letting Ico out . But Ico is unconscious . He has this dream.When he awakens , the game starts . Some of the rooms in this castle are HUGE . One thing that I like about this game is that you can move the camera around with the R2 button . When a game boasts such beautiful graphics and settings as ICO , this is an outstanding feature to have.Less than an hour into the game , you find a ghostly but glowing princess locked up in a cage and free her . In most games , you are struggling to reach the princess . In ICO , you already have the princess . But now , the question is How Do You Get Out ? The earthquake has caused bridges to collapse , stones to crumble , forcing you to do things that most people would n't do -- like jump onto windmill blades or chandeliers.The sound effects in this game are also fantastic . For one , throughout the whole game , Ico breaths heavily . Probably because of all the physical exertion he 's putting up with , but one could almost feel the adrenaline going through this young boy 's veins , especially when he first breaks out , that sudden urge of I MUST GET OUT OF HERE!As far as graphics go , I have NEVER seen a tree look so realistic in-game . Every LEAF has light and shadow on it , both of which change when the limb sways back and forth . Also impressive are the effects of sunlight filtering through windows.Unlike some puzzle games , the puzzles in Ico are logical . There is very little back-tracking , and nothing ridiculous like one of those silly Nintendo-ish find 5 golden banana 's to unlock the door . I have never been stumped by a puzzle in Ico , just gotten impatient -LRB- never frustrated -RRB- . And when you go on the internet to find the answer , you will often feel stupid.But you will not be solving puzzles throughout the whole game . Black Shadows come out of dark pools and attempt to walk off with your princess . The shadowmen are nothing more than 2D shadow shapes that are blurred around the edges , walking around your screen , but they look pretty impressive.Everything following the events of the opening of the Main Gate is fantastic , especially the last battle . And guess what ? Even the last battle is a sort of puzzle . Once the credits roll , hang around , because once they 're done the game is not entirely over yet.The Playstation 2 is my favorite console system . Unfortunately , some of the games that I was hoping to give 5 stars -LRB- Final Fantasy X , Metal Gear Solid 2 , etc -RRB- disappointed me in one way or another . Ico does n't disappoint and fans of this game will be glad to know that there is a sequel in the works .
 If you are an adult with lots of responsibility and little time to camp out in front of the TV playing video games , Ico is the adventure game for you . It is true that the game can be completed within 10-15 hours if you NEVER look at a guide book . However , since those of us in this category may only spend 1-5 hours a week playing video games , that 's enough to make the game worth our precious hours of game time . The game is simple to learn . No complicated fight combos and fighting is only occasionally warding off ghost . No graphic gore or bouncing breast , making this a good choice for kids and women . Control of Ico is excellent and the storyline is outstanding . The game is worth playing to the end , the VERY END !
 ICO is one of the most subtle , well-put together games that you 'll ever play . At first I thought that this was going to be a boring , same-old , same-old , type of adventure but I was wrong . ICO is a puzzle game that behaves like an adventure/RPG . Your character is a young boy called Ico and he gets trapped in this huge castle . It 's up to you to now escape . On the way to freedom Ico discovers a young girl trapped in a cage . Now the true adventure begins . ICO is loaded with puzzles and strategies.ICO is an excellent puzzle/adventure . The graphics are excellent , like a subtle painting . The character movements are smooth and life-like . The subtle romantic undertones between Ico and Yorda -LRB- the girl -RRB- add to the experience . The sound is also very well done . The subtle effects like birds chirping and water falling is awesome . The interaction between Ico and Yorda is also excellent.I was very surprised that I enjoyed this game as much as I did . It 's really awesome in every way . It took me about 15 hours to finish . It seems short but ICO was filled to the maximum capacity . It 's complete . If you 're looking for something different in the gaming world ICO is your best bet.Graphics - 5/5Sound - 5/5Gameplay - 5/5Value - 5/5
 A game about a boy and a girl attempting to escape a castle , Sony 's ICO is perhaps more of an experience than a game , as the gameplay elements here are simplistic and not difficult to describe or categorize . What is different here is that the game somehow manages to become more than the sum of it 's meager parts.One of the ways that ICO manages to do this is the superb art direction and cinematography . Little known director-designer Fumito Ueda wanted to create a dream like world that would be immediately distinctive to the players eyes . The sunlight saturated areas are not quite realistic , and give the world a fantastical , surreal quality . This , coupled with good production and cinematic camera direction makes for a game that almost subliminally affects the player the moment the game begins.The only real gameplay novelty here is the way the boy , ICO , interacts and guides another child through the game . Here , the game plays on a sense of antiquated chivalry , making the game feel older , and more whimsical.There 's not much here in the audio department . ICO , like it 's gameplay , is purposefully minimalist , with some notable exceptions . Rather than jar the player , this gives the game a feeling of quiet that focuses more on the environments the player is in , filling the world with ambient sounds.The biggest contribution ICO might have to adventure gaming is perhaps world and puzzle design . Instead of MYST style puzzles that are clumsy and have little to do with the environment the player is in , ICO instead focuses on organic puzzles that can be solved very quickly by most players , as they are carefully tied together with the world design . Instead of levers that merely open doors to go from one area to another , players will find themselves hanging on ledges of windmills to get to higher areas . These are puzzles done right.Storytelling is done in a natural way , taking place in the game world without full motion video , but is also minimalist in it 's style . Players will wonder what exactly is going on , and they will not find out until the end of the game . Despite the lack of narrative and dialogue , players will feel an instant sense of attachment and responsibility for the girl they are both leading and protecting , male players especially . The ability of ICO to form a feeling of attachment with little dialogue or storytelling is uniquely brilliant.ICO has some problems . The camera 's far out view is n't very well suited for the brief action moments . The length of the game , at roughly ten hours , is short , and will leave some wanting more . Lastly , the combat , while brief and largely not an important aspect of it 's design , is not very fluid.Giving ICO a score is somewhat difficult , as the game is much more than the sum of it 's minimalistic parts . Perhaps more than most games , ICO is about the experience the user has . While some may bemoan the lack of gameplay and the length of the game , games are not about gameplay . Games are not about anything other than what the user 's experience is , and in this , ICO excels like few games before it . While players will forget many of the smaller details of this adventure , the quest and feelings that were stirred while playing will likely last many years , like any good tale.Memorable and smartly designed , ICO is one of the best experiences a player can have on PlayStation 2 . Recommended .
 Add one more star if you can see video games as a form of art . And like great art , it 's not necessarily what you do see but what you do n't see . It seems as if the more simplistic a game is , the greater it is in terms of gameplay . N64 's Zelda
 One usually does n't have emotional attachments to video game characters.Unless you 're made of stone , Ico will change that.This game has some of the most beautiful layouts I 've ever seen - all within the realm of the actual playing field , not cut-scenes - and the architecture and design of the castle is phenomenal . Ico himself conveys the attitudes , emotions and energy of a twelve-year-old boy perfectly , even without intelligible speech , and the adorable Yorda indeed has a languid delicacy to her movements that would be expected of a born-and-raised princess . The puzzles were a pleasant challenge , and having a continuity of location is very interesting ... you are always emerging above , below or outside places where you 'd already been , and need to rely on memory to return to areas to complete unfinished business . The music , while not scored like some games , is ephemereal and sets the mood perfectly , while the sound effects echo through the empty rooms very nicely , and the clop-clap of Ico 's wooden sandals and the twittering of the birds in the numerous sun-drenched courtyards is a real treat.Ico pays attention to subtle detail like no game I 've ever played , and the characters convey wonder , urgency and compassion in a way I 've never seen . I give this game my full approval ... I 'm just sad it 's over .
 Well , I should n't really say underrated since the game received absolutely glowing reviews in websites/magazines -LRB- except for those nerds who nitpick -RRB- and it 's quite loved among PS2 fans . So why underrated ? Well , not a lot of people have actually heard of the thing , much less find it . It was one of those sleeper hits that had people loving it but not a lot of people buying it . Which is a complete shame since this is probably one of the best PS2 games period.Story
 I have just completed playing this game all the way through and I was moved to write a review on it . It is , in my opinion as a gamer , one of THE best games to ever grace a console . If you own a Playstation 2 , you must play this game . Whether you are into adventure or action , you must play this game . If you have never played this game , consider yourself deprived . In all of my years as a gamer and that is many , many years , I have never come across a game such as this . This is just totally awesome . Once you play it , you will never come out the same . You can not stop playing this game . I was totally addicted.The puzzles in this game are just pure genius . The action , although it takes a back seat to the puzzle elements , are sufficient . If I were to compare this with any other game , it would be Zelda . But this game is in a league of its own . It simply OWNS the genre called adventure . I would wonder if the guy that calls this game a rehash of Tomb Raider actually played this game through . I have played Tomb Raider and I do n't think that it is anything at all close to ICO . It 's like comparing a Mercedes with a Hyundai.I was totally engrossed by this game . I was up until the wee hours during the ending . This game will grab you by the shirt and never let go . It has one of the greatest cinematic effects in any video game . It plays like a movie . All the elements of a great game are in it . Along with the great graphics -LRB- even by today 's standards -RRB- , awesome sound and absolute perfection in gameplay execution.If you own a Playstation 2 , you owe yourself a play through with this masterpiece . I am now a believer . All those `` effusive '' rave reviews are all warranted . If I knew how great this game was before I had purchased it , I would have easily spent the fifty dollars that other games are going for -LRB- most of which are not worth the list price -RRB- . People say that this game is short but I say that it is perfect . Believe me it is not short unless you go to sites for game cheats . It will suck out time from your life but it will be all worthwhile . Besides , its not the length of the game , it 's the quality of the time . And this game has it all in spades!So to conclude this review I have to say that this game is one of THE greatest games of all time !
 The Story : We play Ico , a twelve year old boy born with horns . According to village lore a child will be born each generation that is cursed and will bring misfortune to the village . To restore safety the child must be sacrificed . In the opening scene you are taken to a forboding castle and entombed in a stone coffin amongst the coffins of the children that came before you . When you begin to struggle the tomb topples over and you are freed from your prison . As you explore the enormous castle you come apon an ephemeral girl in a cage . When you set her free you are attacked by shadow creatures and when you persist in trying to escape with the girl you are confronted by the queen of the castle.Your Mission : Your job is to navigate the sprawling castle with the girl in tow , performing various actions to help Yorda , who is weak from imprisonment . You will be required to pull levers , turn cranks , climb ladders , chains and ropes , move boxes and platforms , skillfully jump over huge casms and fend off the shadow creatures that try to pull poor Yorda into thier black vortex.The Positive : Ico is a truly unique game among the same old same old RPG 's of our time . Instead of relying on complicated battle systems , item collecting or leveling , Ico really makes you use your brain to figure out different puzzles and mazes . Unlike most games you are responsible for your partner and must help her navigate the castle , coaxing her to perform simple tasks like climbing and jumping . When the queen sends the shadow people to steal her away you must fend them off all at once making sure you never take your eye of Yorda or focus to heavily on any creature . This is a game of stratedgy , patience and creativity . While there is n't much music the ambient sounds really make you feel like you are there and the music that is included is simply beautiful . The graphics , while a bit fuzzy sometimes are quite beautiful . A combination of comic book , anime and photo realism , the style really grabs you and pulls you in . And while the game is certainly entertaining it is also educational . Not only are you forced to consider the ramifications of your actions you must plan the sequence in which you perform them so as not to leave Yorda vulnerable . You learn to communicate and cooperate with Yorda instead of focusing on yourself . And the game does n't focus on materialism as many popular games do -LRB- getting gear , making money or gaining fame -RRB- . I find this refreshing and reccomend it to parents looking for a game for thier children that builds character and evokes empathy . And of course there is the adorable interaction between Ico and Yorda . The way they hold hands , stick close together , lean on it each other when resting and pull each other to safety . It 's quite charming and endearing , so much so that you really feel invested in saving both Ico and Yorda.The Negative : The game is rather short , I beat it in about eight hours . Since I bought this game recently , thus it was ` old ' by game standards , I did n't pay forty or fifty dollars so I was n't terribly disappointed . It does n't have a lot of replay value , especially the north American release because there really is only one ending and you do n't get anything terribly spiffy for playing through again . Some of the features seemed a bit unfinished to me . For instance when saving the display is very plain and it is somewhat hard to see which save you have highlighted . And the story is never truly finished which leaves you feeling a bit jipped in the end . I really would have liked more background information to fill out the story but perhaps the mystery is what makes it so great . I also thought the fact that you ca n't save during the last chapter of the game was very annoying . The last portion of the game is by no means short and is very tricky which means you will have to play the same section again and again . I feel they did this to make the game longer and tougher , making the game needlessly difficult . There are only three weapons in the NA version of the game , a stick , a sword and a mace . At the very end of the game you get a forth weapon but you only get to use it briefly . The mace , which you finally get close to the end of the game is almost immediately taken away , which again seems pointless and absurd . Finally , I was a bit disappointed in the ending as the story never was clarified and is never resolved . The ending scene is the equivelent of the prize in your cracker jacks and when you are jipped on the ending it 's like getting a box without a prize.Overall I really enjoyed ICO even though it was a departure from my usual Final Fantasy type RPG fare . The puzzles were just hard enough to get you really thinking but not so tough that you end up throwing the controller at the screen . The visuals and sound were enchanting and the characters were lovable and real , not cartoony or unrealistically cheery . Ico is a fairytale in motion and a unique piece of interactive art , fun for kids and adults . I highly reccomend it to anyone looking for something a bit different , something challenging , something with heart.Good luck and blessings , Prana aka Melissa Clancy
 Few video games can be referred to as art , but ICO truely deserves the title . Understated and poetic , ICO blends engaging puzzle solving and emotional simplicity together wonderfully .
 I read all of the positive reviews of this game and decided to give it a try . When I first began to play , I was a little let down , because the reviews I had read had built up some pretty high expectations . As I kept playing , I slowly began getting attached to Ico and Yorda , and before too long , I was really taken in by the wonderful environment.As you 've read , the graphics are stunning , the castle design is brilliant , and the gameplay is simple . I like puzzle games , and I like to play them without using any guides . There are so many puzzle games that can be very frustrating or overly difficult without a guide . Ico provides a very refreshing game experience with puzzles that range from easy to fairly challenging , but that are completely solvable without referring to any guides . The puzzle solutions make sense , and they often use things that are naturally found in the environment , so they are very logical.Also , many games only allow you to interact with items that can be used to solve puzzles , or that are relevant to the game . One great thing about Ico is that there are many times that you can interact with items/areas in the game that do n't relate to a puzzle . For example , you may find an extra box that can be moved around , but that is n't part of a puzzle in that particular area . I really liked this aspect of the game because the environment and items in it are more realistically logical.Generally if games are short , it does n't bother me because there are plenty of other things to do other than play games all of the time . However , after finishing Ico , I felt just a little sad that it was over , and felt i would miss it a little.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun experience or a way to get lost in another world for a little while .
 ... wow ... ... wow . . it 's 3:20 in the morning and i just finished ICO . Right now , my heart is just stirred and overwhelmed with emotional wave after wave and filled with something that 's way beyond being satisfied and fulfilled by few masterfully done video games . I never even thought about having a thought that there will be a game which will surpass Metal Gear Solid in overall production and Super Metroid emotionally . This personal fact , fact ICO does surpass Metal Gear Solid and Super Metroid , is very , very disturbing , yet I have to , have to admit that ICO stands as the No. 1 game in my life . I have played games extensively and religiously since 1986 and humble to say that i 'm a gamer who does not only enjoy playing games but know how to appreciate good ones when i play one . And ICO is the one i ca n't help but appreciate with my deepest part of soul.THIS GAME , I C O , MY FRIEND , IS THE GAME TO PLAY.I never ever have played a game that brings this ` mere ' game status to something that 's almost divine ... I loved Metal Gear Solid by heart , last words of Psycho Mantis , last scene of Grey Fox , and many more ... This ` never-be-surpassed ' game of my life has just been ` surpassed ' by ICO.I wish i could convey the significance of ICO in every way possible , but i could only tell you to play this game.If you love a game that 's intuitive in everyway imaginable , and love that emotional ride , then ICO is the game to get.Dang it , do n't rent , BUY it.THIS GAME , I C O , MY FRIEND , IS THE GAME TO PLAY , PERIODps
 I played the demo and I will buy the game this august
 I bought this game for someone else . They liked it , I guess . It 's an older game , and it does n't interest me . If it interests you , try it I suppose , 'cause it 's probably cheap . And if it 's not , you 're getting ripped off .
 So many descriptive terms are overused in game reviews , that it is hard to convey the impact this game has on me . Before I try , I can summarize by saying that in about 25 years of playing computer and video games , going back to Advent and Akalabeth , very few games have ever evoked a real emotional response , and none before this have really moved me to the heart . Many console RPGs have dramatic or melodramatic storylines , but a few lines of text on a screen are silly compared to a real book for that sort of thing . There is almost no text in Ico at all , but the emotional impact is profound.When people use `` beautiful '' to describe games with high-quality rendering and well-chosen color , how shall I describe a game whose visual impact transcends the medium and touches the heart like a fine painting ? When `` amazing '' is used to describe games which take full advantage of the latest hardware , how can I describe a game which does things the designers would never have imagined the hardware could do , because they do n't rely on mere vertex calculation rates or shading algorithms?Don ' t mistake me , technically this game is superb . A big part of the emotional impact comes from the pathos of the very well modeled human figures ; when Ico pulls Yorda along at a run , or helps her up a climb , or catches her after a jump , you forget that these characters are rendered 3D models because they look like real people . And there are lots of fine details that you do n't even notice consciously ; for example , if Ico falls far enough to yell in pain , Yorda tends to come uncalled to show her concern.In terms of the actual gameplay itself , this game is also fairly unique . Ico is an incredibly athletic and flexible little boy , but the game is not about me , the player , learning how to do square-triangle-circle-circle-L2-down-R1 with just the right timing to do something -LRB- ugh , I hate that sort of game -RRB- . The game is about me , in the role of Ico , figuring out how to get myself and Yorda past each obstacle or situation using my abilities and hers . It 's not about figuring out how to climb up the chain or jump across the chasm , it 's about figuring out which of those things to do or in what order.Aside from the emotional tension it evokes so deeply , this is a very relaxing game to play . It 's hard to die , and even if you do die or get Yorda killed you can just replay the last scene rather than restoring from a save.I really have only two complaints about this game
 Seriously . It is . No game is as emotionally involving . Its a wonderful adventure with an ending that is felt in your heart . The game gives us entertainment all while it reaches into your soul and brings you into its world . So few games do this , and this one does PEFECTLY . The soundtrack , the story , the ending , the gameplay , the graphics , and design all come together to form the most enjoyable game ever made . You 'll care about your adventure , and when its over , you 'll miss it . But you will feel complete . This is ART disguised as a game . This is a cinematic , romatic , fantasy adventure full of joy and wonder . DO NOT MISS THIS GAME . IT BELONGS IN EVERYONES HOME LIBRARY . This game is innocent enough for your children , and emotionally strong enough for adults -LRB- MEN AND WOMEN -RRB- . It reaches into the very heart of all of us and takes us into another world . Enjoy . You will not be sorry . As a 25 year old gamer ever since Pacman . . This is the best game i 've ever experienced . Better than Zelda , Final Fantasy , Metal Gear Solid ... Better than them all .
 This game is indeed `` art in moving pixels '' , and I heartily recommend it.However , if you have a modified PS2 that can play PAL versions , I recommend you buy the UK release instead . The UK version has more replay value and better AI . The game can be set to play at PAL60 for a comparable frame rate to NTSC.Gameplay was improved in the UK version . The positioning of the enemies is less predictable , making the fights more challenging . Yorda 's AI is a little smarter , climbing ladders and jumping down short heights with less prompting . The UK version also has an additional puzzle and an optional cutscene which are not in the US/Canada version.At the end of the game in the UK version , you can save it and play the game again with a few bonus features
 It 's an innocent game . It 's one of the better games i 've seen.Pros
 This game is an expiriance that brings gaming to whole nother emotional and deep level . Its games like these that give me hope that video games arent just about blood , killing , shooting , violence , and pontlessness -LRB- like some titles that are out in the present day -RRB- , but an emotional journey and masterpiece -LRB- that could be considered art -RRB- that challenges not only your mind but the very way you see life . Its developers like these that can really stir up emotions inside of you just from the graphics and visuals itself . This game is truly ONE OF A KIND . There is no one game similar to it , besides shadow of the collosuss , that i have yet to come across . It is one of the those hit and miss titles that we rarely see any game come close to , in feeling and depth . There are some errors just like any other game , but the beauty and artistic vision of the game makes the error almost unnoticable . Yes it is a short game , and yes some people down right hate it . But if you call your-self a `` gamer '' and are truly are one , then you must have this classic title sitting on your shelf .
 Played Shadow of the Colossus and decided that I needed to play this game . I heard it was one of the most beloved game and gave it a try . It did not disappoint . If you do n't like puzzle games or if you like a lot of dialog then this is not the game for you . People who have played Shadow of the Colossus should know how this game would be like . It could get repetitive if you 're not into the story but overall I really enjoyed this game .
 If you loved Shadow of the Colossus , you owe it to your self to play this title . Very well designed with challenging puzzles . I still play this game occasionally on my PS3.If you have a PS2 or PS3 , you HAVE to give this game a try.Also , the game `` Shadow of the Colossus '' is also very good and follows the series .
 Like it 's perhaps better-known successor Shadow of the Collosus , Ico is 1st of all , amazingly beautiful . If all you did in this game was walk around and look at the detailed and captivating scenery , it would be worth it.More than that , this is an excellent action puzzle game . Most of your time is spent figuring out interesting and novel ways to solve your way out of a mysterious castle while assisting an interesting companion.This probably is n't a game for everyone
 This game was released by Sony Computer Entertainment in 2001 ... I got it as a Christmas gift in 2004 . I had seen it on the shelves of numerous videogame shops , but it never really stood out to me as a game I would like to play , but boy was I wrong . I do n't even like puzzle games , but this was good . It was very good . It was a short play ... only about 6 and a half hours to complete , but it was well worth it.For its time , it is excellently crafted . Absolutely stunning . The AI is simple , yet effective . The sound is little , and the little voice that is heard adds the dash of spice to the emotions of the game . It is quite a sad game ... Looking back on the graphics , as a first generation Playstation 2 game , it was absolutely beautiful . The sun glare was clean , the grass looked grassy , and tree leaves swayed in the wind . One part in particular stood out to me , and that was the Windmill . If you ever get this game -LRB- which you should ... it is really cheap now -RRB- , work your way to the windmill . The little pond that is next to it is absolutely amazing . The water bends the light around the ripples as Ico swims in it , and the reflection of the windmill is also there . So many games do n't use reflections still , even in simple places like these . But this scene is just beautiful.The gameplay is basic and very quiet . There is little music in the game , but this is actually a good thing . With music , the game would n't be as enclosed as it is.I 'm having a hard time putting into words what this game is worth . Shamefully , it was away underrated and virtually unplayed . Pick up this game and try it for yourself . It is very unique.I do n't know if you keep up with upcoming releases , but the same team that made this game is coming out with a similar title called Wanda and the Colossus . Strange title , yes ? Anywho , if this game seems interesting . Play Ico first and get a feel for what you might encounter in Wanda and teh Colossus . I can assure you that you will have a good time . The team that made Ico did a fabulous job on their first game , and I know that with their upcoming title , things will only get better .
 I read all of the positive reviews of this game and decided to give it a try . When I first began to play , I was a little let down , because the reviews I had read had built up some pretty high expectations . As I kept playing , I slowly began getting attached to Ico and Yorda , and before too long , I was really taken in by the wonderful environment.As you 've read , the graphics are stunning , the castle design is brilliant , and the gameplay is simple . I like puzzle games , and I like to play them without using any guides . There are so many puzzle games that can be very frustrating or overly difficult without a guide . Ico provides a very refreshing game experience with puzzles that range from easy to fairly challenging , but that are completely solvable without referring to any guides . The puzzle solutions make sense , and they often use things that are naturally found in the environment , so they are very logical.Also , many games only allow you to interact with items that can be used to solve puzzles , or that are relevant to the game . One great thing about Ico is that there are many times that you can interact with items/areas in the game that do n't relate to a puzzle . For example , you may find an extra box that can be moved around , but that is n't part of a puzzle in that particular area . I really liked this aspect of the game because the environment and items in it are more realistically logical.Generally if games are short , it does n't bother me because there are plenty of other things to do other than play games all of the time . However , after finishing Ico , I felt just a little sad that it was over , and felt i would miss it a little.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun experience or a way to get lost in another world for a little while .
 ... wow ... ... wow . . it 's 3:20 in the morning and i just finished ICO . Right now , my heart is just stirred and overwhelmed with emotional wave after wave and filled with something that 's way beyond being satisfied and fulfilled by few masterfully done video games . I never even thought about having a thought that there will be a game which will surpass Metal Gear Solid in overall production and Super Metroid emotionally . This personal fact , fact ICO does surpass Metal Gear Solid and Super Metroid , is very , very disturbing , yet I have to , have to admit that ICO stands as the No. 1 game in my life . I have played games extensively and religiously since 1986 and humble to say that i 'm a gamer who does not only enjoy playing games but know how to appreciate good ones when i play one . And ICO is the one i ca n't help but appreciate with my deepest part of soul.THIS GAME , I C O , MY FRIEND , IS THE GAME TO PLAY.I never ever have played a game that brings this ` mere ' game status to something that 's almost divine ... I loved Metal Gear Solid by heart , last words of Psycho Mantis , last scene of Grey Fox , and many more ... This ` never-be-surpassed ' game of my life has just been ` surpassed ' by ICO.I wish i could convey the significance of ICO in every way possible , but i could only tell you to play this game.If you love a game that 's intuitive in everyway imaginable , and love that emotional ride , then ICO is the game to get.Dang it , do n't rent , BUY it.THIS GAME , I C O , MY FRIEND , IS THE GAME TO PLAY , PERIODps
 It seems odd to say about a video game , but Ico is lovingly crafted . It is beautifully simple . It is a work of art . Very few other games can even approach Ico 's level of artistic and cinematic presentation . More so than almost anything else , Ico is an evolution in game design . It is different . That is rare . I , for one , would be disappointed if more games of the sort were n't created , though it does n't lend itself too well to be a new genre . At the very least , I hope it will influence others in the video game industry.Ico 's graphics are good , and they exhibit an impressive unity and style . The lighting and shadows are excellent . The castle is perfect , and lends itself well to chilling visuals of far off areas . There are n't too many cutscenes , but they are fantastic , and they do n't drag like so many other games . Some graphical affects , like the shadow monsters , and the little birds all over the place , and the spreading darkness when Yorda is dragged down into the nether , are very cool.Ico himself is cool , as a boy that was exiled for his villages good fortune , due to his horns . He is an athletic 12 year old , leaping around and climbing chains and such . Yorda is a mysterious woman whom Ico finds soon into his adventure . She can not be understood by Ico , but he helps her along anyway , as she seems to be in need of help . She is kind of absent minded -LRB- as far as AI goes -RRB- , but she never really wanders off very far . Many complain about her not taking an active role in the adventure , but it felt to me like she was supposed to be mysterious , and not just a normal person . That , and I do n't know a single girl of her stature that could climb a chain . I thought it all worked well . When you are forced to leave her behind it is suspenseful , as she is can be attacked while you 're gone , which is a terrifying experience . There is also the `` Queen '' , another mysterious person Ico meets . Saying much more would spoil it.The gameplay itself was surprisingly fun , though not enough to satisfy die-hard action fans . The puzzles , for the most part , are easy and they center around getting Yorda through the castle -LRB- which Ico can traverse easily -RRB- . The combat with the shadow monsters is n't too tough , especially once you 've got your sword . There 's not too much to it . There is n't a lock on system or anything , just running around and attacking . You ca n't actually be killed -LRB- I think -RRB- , so the important part of the combat is actually defending Yorda . It is cool when you are swarmed by nearly unstoppable masses of enemies , and your only option is to drag Yorda to safety while trying hopelessly to fend off enemies . Good stuff.Ico has some of the most carefully done sound I 've ever encountered . The music is eerily appropriate and never overpowering . Often , there is n't even music , but just background noises or a chilling silence.There is n't an abundance of story . Rather , it all just sort of exists . The beginning and set-up are excellent , and it leads to an ending which is breathtaking . It was beautiful . I was left in awe.All this , and Ico only took five hours to finish , which is the only major drawback . Which is kind of a shame , because I do n't know how much longer it could have gone on without ruining it . Some have mentioned that Ico is less a game than a work of art . It is both . You 've got to experience Ico for yourself . Unless you hate solving puzzles , play this game . It is worth every moment .
 Well , that is how I felt after I finished the game . I spent 2 days running these two lonely desperate souls -LRB- Ico and Yorda -RRB- up and down that creepy castle , battling shadow demons left and right , and helping that poor girl make more jumps than I can remember , until I wanted out of that place as much as they did!And when I saw the end it left me feeling angry . `` I went through all this , and for what ??? '' I almost slammed off my system and stormed out of the room . But , instead I just sat there while the credits rolled , listening to that haunting music and feeling sad . Luckily , I did n't turn off the game ... well that 's all I 'll say about that for anyone who has n't yet played.I would have given this game 5 stars except for the facts that
 With its minimalist approach and subtle nuances , ICO has leaped from out of nowhere and is sure to become one of the PS2 's most-treasured titles.Sure , most gamers wo n't take to ICO 's ambient , dream-like nature , dismissing as boring and tedious . But real gamers know that qualities like exacting realism and moments of human suspense are n't easy to achieve . When Ico has to wander off to open a door , or scurry up a chain , and Yorda , the princess , is suddenly in danger of being taken away , the game taps into a real emotional response
 Blow over Dark Cloud , shift yer booty Tomb Raider , a new hero has entered the building . Or Castle , I should say . After numerous replays of the highly underestimated PS2 demo of ICO , I have come to the dreamy conclusion that few games released this year have caught my attention so dramatically . What a magnificent suprise ! First , ICO starts with no background , few instructions , and a mysterious beginning . Our nameless protagonist falls from what seems to be an enormous clay jar , either birthed or released into a dark , cold stone hall . From there , he must scurry around the enormous rooms , climb stairs and boxes , scale dangling chains , pummel away a small band of smokey spirit enemies with a stick and make death defying jumps over a broken bridge . All the while , you must rescue and lead a sun starved princess out of the expansive walls of this mysterious prison castle . I 've seen a slew of reviewers -LRB- and promotionals -RRB- that say , `` best-looking '' , but until you 've seen ICO , you 're just reading advertising . Just wait til you see the grassy knoll , pond and windmill that wait for you outside the castle doorways . This game embodies the word `` beautiful '' . The animations and actions of the character and the environment interact as if they were real . The gameplay is simple , yet intruiging . Needless to say , I will be spending my carefully saved -LSB- dollars -RSB- on ICO as soon as it hits the shelves .
 When most non-gamers think of computer games , they think of black screens full of crab-like aliens and monotonous beeping noises . Even for gamers , the heritage of computer games makes us focus on graphics on the technical side -- polygon count , frame rate , slowdown , character modelling , textures , etc. . We do not , generally , pause and reflect on the aesthetic side of gaming . To be honest , many games do n't do much aesthetically , anyway , in their aim to be more fun than beautiful.Ico changes all that . First off , the game is a lot of fun . It is more of a mind teaser than a button masher , so if you get your kicks shooting things , go buy something else . But when I say `` mind teaser , '' please do not think of the aggravation of Myst , which was just too hard -LRB- and arbitrary -RRB- to be fun . Ico is about the exploration of environments , and then the thoughtful manipulation of the environment to enable two characters , with different abilities , to collaborate and escape from a haunted castle . Exploration means rope climbing -LRB- and swinging -RRB- , jumping , switch pulling , wall scaling , evil spirit whacking , bridge walking , torch lighting , totem dragging fun.And these environments are worth exploring . Standing on a parapet looking down hundreds of feet across bridges , floors , towers , arches , rivers , and mystical machines is an exhilirating feeling . The walls and trees create shadow effects that will blind you at times and at others make you feel cool . Waterfalls , chandaliers , draw bridges , and gates powered by sunlight make you content at times to stand and stare . Could this be a video game?Ico is art . As a piece of art , take your time and explore it . Do n't use a clue book -- you are wasting your money . The puzzles are n't that hard , and it 's the exploration that makes this game . And if the game has one knock , it is that it is too short -- about 10 hours to complete.But in those moments when you are standing high up on a bluff , looking down at the structures from your previous adventures , it will all be worth it .
 SummaryI have always disliked reviews that start off with grandiose endorsements . That said , to illuminate the importance of Ico as a milestone in game development , I feel it necessary to begin with some very broad statements . Ico is a special game of immense beauty . It is an emotional and cerebral masterpiece so revolutionary that it sets a standard by which all other PlayStation 2 games -LRB- and indeed games on other platforms -RRB- may be judged . I have never played a game that compelled me as Ico did . Neither has my wife -LRB- who upon watching me play , also wanted to play -RRB- . Nor has our daughter or our friends and neighbors -LRB- who we went out of our way to share this extraordinary experience with -RRB- . Thus , I make this heartfelt endorsement . Every PlayStation 2 owner should have this game in their collection . In fact , every gamer -LRB- regardless of their preferred platform -RRB- should experience Ico . Ico is a glimpse into the future of interactive entertainment - a glimpse no one should pass up.Over the last few years , some amazing games have been produced . Black and White , Halo , The Sims , Grand Turismo 3 , Final Fantasy 10 , Max Payne , Grand Theft Auto 3 , Red Faction , Metal Gear Solid 2 Sons of Liberty - these are all wonderful games that are frequently mentioned in reviewer 's top game lists . However , amongst this sell-out crowd of greats , Ico quietly and gracefully stands head and shoulders above.Ico takes video gaming in new directions by removing the traditional constraints presented in RPG , adventure , puzzle , and action games . Presenting a singular world with characters that are alive and emotionally moving , Ico gives players the freedom to think and to participate . As such , Ico represents the beginnings of a kind of interactive entertainment not yet seen . There are no `` find the key '' , `` manage scant resources '' , `` worry about health points '' , `` ca n't go here before going there '' , or `` character leveling '' mechanics in Ico . The theatrical world presented pulls players in like no game yet created . You do n't so much play Ico , as take in the experience of having done so.Although arguably a fairy tale , Ico has a universal appeal brought about by its ability to touch even the most staid of gamers with the plight of its central characters . If you have n't played Ico , you 're missing something incredibly special . Ico is the reason I bought a PS2 . If you own a PS2 and do n't already own this game , go and buy a copy now . If you do n't own a PS2 , Ico is reason enough to buy one . For my money , Ico is unequivocally the game of the year . There is no other game on any current platform -LRB- PC , XBox , GameCube -RRB- with the same degree of artistic vision , storytelling , and technical quality . Forget Grand Turismo 3 . Forget Final Fantasy 10 . Forget Metal Gear Solid 2 Sons of Liberty . -LRB- All great games by the way . -RRB- If you have n't played Ico , you simply have n't experienced what the PlayStation 2 is capable of . You 've also missed a gaming experience not likely to be duplicated for a long while.GameplayProduced by an internal development studio at Sony , Ico tells the story of a little boy sacrificed by his village because he is born with horns . After being taken to a mysterious castle and entombed , he is left to die . However , Ico 's spirit and will to live are like no other . In his journey to escape the castle , Ico meets Yorda - a young girl equally imprisoned and whose language he can not understand . Thus , the children begin their journey to escape against surroundings of impenetrable odds , yet immense beauty.There is much more to the story than I have revealed . Haunting segments are scattered throughout the puzzles that make up the majority of the game . Usually , this type of storytelling annoys me , but the bond between Ico and Yorda is so great and the depth of their fate just as compelling that this hardly seemed to matter . After the game is finished , it is almost impossible to stop thinking about it . While the story is complete , many details have startling implications and are left to the player 's interpretation . Like the revelation in the film The Sixth Sense , Ico takes on a completely different context when played a second time.During the game proper , there is intentionally little story being told . The player is left to deal with the obstacles faced by the children . The bulk of the story 's resolve comes during the last quarter of the game . This minimalist approach actually works to Ico 's benefit . Had there been more revealed during the game , players would not be able to give attention to the immediacy of the tasks at hand nor would they find themselves as involved in them . When you finally come to understand how Yorda is inseparably bound to the castle , the dramatic impact leaves ones stomach feeling empty . I ca n't think of any game that has had the ability to affect me this way.During many parts of the game , Yorda seems curiously detached and wonders away from Ico . At first this seemed like a bug or omission in programming . However , as the story is revealed , it becomes startlingly evident why Yorda has no real motivation to leave the castle . The power in the story is that Yorda is still inexplicably drawn to Ico and to his need to escape . -LRB- Note , it is important not to turn the game off as the ending credits role . If you do , you 'll miss a significant part of the story that occurs after the credits have finished . -RRB- While a difficult game to classify , it is certainly possible to identify what Ico is not . Ico is not an RPG or an adventure game in the traditional sense . Ico is not a survival/horror game , or a sports title , or a puzzle game -LRB- although , in an odd way , Ico is closer to the puzzle genre than to any other -RRB- . Ico is not an action or fighting game despite the fact that there are battle sequences . Ico 's gameplay is deceptively simple
 If you ever find the opportunity to buy this game , you should certainly do so . ICO provides a unique and unparalleled gameplay experience all wrapped up in a moody and atmospheric setting.Here 's basically how it works
 I got this game based on the reviews and was not disappointed.Once I started , I could not stop . The graphics are beautiful . The pan and zoom views were detailed . The movement of the characters are so endearing that I too fell into the trap of worrying about Yorda.Really well done !!!
 This is a very nice game for the playstation 2 . It made by SONY so I think it is going to be great . You should get .
 I adore video games , but rarely find ones worth all the hub-bub they are given - yeah the box looks great , the stills were amazing - it has to be great for 50 bucks ... right ... all to often wrong . This game was different . I 'm an older gamer -LRB- at least in terms of video games -RRB- and now have a game I can really enjoy . It does n't have a ton of fighting , but that gets boring eventually regardless of how intricate they try to make the controls or how many millions of variations there are on a different `` move '' . The puzzles do n't require a stroke of PURE LUCK , GENIUS or WALKTHROUGH GUIDE to get through . Some will keep you guessing for a while , some are quickly apparent but all are solveable ! And the story is intriguing.Having Yorda follow Ico and rely on him for her safety is a different and great new twist to typical vidoegame fare . While Ico is acrobatic enough to climb chains and jump from ledge to ledge you need to think about how Yorda will make passage from location to location . The graphics are truly beautiful and worth a few moments to just pause and look around and take it all in . The trees were really amazing as were the water effects . The little details were appropriate and helped create the mood and draw you into this altered reality . The sound effects were also quite nice and appreciated.The game is -LRB- I 'm told -RRB- short - I have n't finished yet though I 'm a fair way through and it has n't taken days to do ... but I do n't mind that . I 'm tired of being bogged down in complex meaningless storylines that I need to keep notes on . This game feels complete as is . If you have a real life and ca n't play for a week you can pick it up and keep going ... Games like Final Fantasy et al felt as though if you did n't keep up with it DAILY you would totally lost when you returned to it ... That does n't work for adults who have REAL lives to attend to - not just video games.In short - great game , lots of fun , AND different from the typical stuff being hawked .
 Should you buy this game ? That 's a tough call . In a sense the game is a short lived experience in that you 'll probably finish it in ten hours . After that the reply value is limited in terms of challenge -LRB- i.e. there are no more challenges -RRB- . But you will never forget the time you spent with Ico.You have to rent it at least . Some people have taken to calling this game `` art '' and I agree . Once you play Ico you wo n't see gaming the same again . The mood and atmosphere of Ico are unsurpassed by any game . I 'm going to be expecting a lot more from games in the future .
 This is an amazing game ! I finished it in about a week and as soon as the game ended I started a new game . -LRB- It 's that good ! -RRB- The graphics almost bring tears to your eyes because they are so hauntingly beutiful , and if you are afraid of heights then this may not be the game for you . -LRB- My heart skiped a beat several times from fear of falling . -RRB- The game will suck you in and make you feel like you are really their -LRB- Much like Myst and Riven -RRB- The story is also very well done and very sweet . If you like Myst , Zelda and Tomb Raider then this game is a dream come true.P.S . when you finish the game WAIT through the credits , the game is not quite over .
 ICO is more art than a game . It manages to draw the player into its world and does something that very few games -LRB- or movies or books for that matter -RRB- manage to do , which is it makes you care about the characters in the game . You REALLY want to save the girl and began to care for her character through the game . A great game ...
 The product was in ALRIGHT condition , a couple scratches on the CD , case was a little banged up . Seller said it was `` like new '' meaning in MY interpitation ; no scratches , case was cherry ? other than that , everything 's there , so far it 's playing as it should , no skipping or freezing . I 'd give a personal four out of five rating .
 I just finished playing Ico , after about 6 or 7 hours of actual gameplay . I found it to be very interesting and pretty fun , but far too short and with a few prominent flaws.First of all , this is the story about a young boy -LRB- we assume his name is Ico , although I do n't believe he is ever called this in the game -RRB- . Anyway , this young boy happens to have been born with horns , which , from reading the booklet , were n't always as large as they are when you first see him . In his village , those who are born with horns are said to bring famine and bad luck , so on the day his horns grew large -LRB- his 12th birthday -RRB- he is taken by a few people on horseback , brought to a strange temple and locked up in a little tomb to be sacrificed . They leave , and due to a well-timed earthquake , the boy escapes the tomb but finds himself in the middle of a temple which has fallen into ruins making the usual escape impossible to get to.Soon , you find a girl named Yorda -LRB- a pale spectre-like girl -RRB- and free her from a hanging cage . From here on in you have to take her along with you everywhere by grabbing her hand or calling to her if you get separated . This would get annoying except that instead of protecting both you and her , you really only have to watch out for her . Ghosts will rise from the ground and try to pull her under , but they ca n't harm you . You do n't even have a life meter because the only way the game ends is if you fall from too high a place or Yorda gets swallowed up by the ghosts.The story is not very well thought out . Apparently , Yorda is a princess or something and the queen is trying to get her but cant ... maybe . I do n't even know and I beat the game . The point is that you wo n't really ever know what 's going on so just accept what you 're seeing and go with it.The art is lovely , the sound effects are very good , and there is no music most of the time which is both cool and creepy . The puzzles are the most important part of the game , and they are pretty good , but most of them are solved simply by exploring and paying careful attention . You get a stick as your only weapon at first , but you get a sword after a while which helps.The controls are very simplistic , and the camera is a major pain in the rear end , and for some reason on my tv the game was very very bright in the scenes where there is a lot of light , making it hard to see details , especially Yorda because she is so pale and bright herself.All in all , it was a good game . I suggest playing it in little bits or renting it -LRB- there is n't much replay value in a puzzle game . -RRB- And make sure that you stick around after the credits ! You should do that with every game , just to make sure . There 's always little nuggets of joy to find after you read all the names ^_^ .
 It 's a shame that such an original game could be released with no fanfare . This is a plain good game . It has many numerous flaws , and is n't exciting at all , but it 's original and the best puzzle game ever made . Ico , a little boy trapped in a castle , finds a girl and tries to escape . In order to do it , Ico must solve puzzles to move room to room while fighting spirits trying to kidnap the girl.I 'll start with the negatives . It 's a slow , tedious game . Even when you know what to do , to walk there is a chore , especially dragging the girl around with you . The spirits ca n't even kill you , but they take forever to be killed . There are also minor problems like some camera angles , trouble doing simple things like lighting and throwing bombs , and so forth , and some parts of the game where you do n't even no where to go to progress . Sometimes a blessings , sometimes a curse , but there is very little music in the huge cavernous castle , adding a feeling of loneliness and possible dullness to the game.To start off with the positives , the most noticeable thing are the graphics . The best way to describe it is epic . You actually feel like you 're in a castle , despite the monotony of it all . The scenes where sunlight shines on the castle are spectacular . Secondly , it 's a great puzzle game . Not too complex and pretty intuitive . Sometimes you 'll be stuck , but you can usually find a way , or if you 're just renting it , you could just peek at a walkthrough.Pros : GorgeousJust the right difficulty levelOriginalCons : TediousSlow pacedTime
 Visually , it was amazing , the areas where rather expansive , although , some people complain about `` fog '' there is hardly any until the end , just to make things a bit of a challenge , I personally beat it in around 5 hours , although i can see how it might take longer , It would be a greater challenge for someone younger . The controls are very good . Unfortunatly , it was a bit buggy , where the pause menu would pop up and not go away . The battles could have been more challenging , as well as some puzzles . Other than the bug , i think the ending was a slight disappointment , but hopefully it will lead way to a sequel . . otherwise . . ew ... and also the fact that replay value is none ... Sony , if you 're reading this ... a sequel that is equally lush , longer , and even more challenging ! I love a challenge ... def , a good game to rent ...
 This one is a sweet and classic tale you play through . Involving a young castaway who saves a young princess . Which is definitely my kind of game!It is set in an amazing , i guess , castle that seems to go on foreva . Also fighting the demons to save the Princess . If you like that kind of thang , this is a dream game to you so rent it or buy it soon .
 Only the console manufacturer , Sony , would have gambled such a high production quality on such a simplistic and unique game . Ico has the arttistic charm of a Disney classic and the old-world mystery of The Last Unicorn -LRB- anime -RRB- . Yes , the game is short but you can buy & sell it used . I did .
 I recommend this game but I felt it was overall too easy . I also do n't feel it is interesting enough to play again . The puzzles were common sense . I did find it annoying that you could n't save when you got near the end . Once you go past a certain point , you need to play until it is finished.Visually ... it is a BEAUTIFUL game . I am just disapointed it seemed too easy . There should be more hidden secrets or some randomization so you can play it again and discover new things.If you want tons of action and fighting , it is not the game for you but if you enjoy puzzles , it was fun and worth the money I spent .
 This game is full of adventure . 5 stars is a really good rating for this game . Also this game is hot off the market .
 The best game for ps2 I 've encountered so far ! Some parts are tough -LRB- do n't be afraid to use online walkthoughs -RRB- , but the game is well worth while . I 've never played a game like it !
 After playing through three other games where the blood flowed like the Mississippi River -LRB- culminating with Devil May Cry -RRB- , I was feeling a bit overworked . Ico 's bloodless game play and minimalist aesthetic was just what I needed.The best thing about this game is the art direction . The backgrounds are so beautiful and so well rendered that it 's easy to just want to roam around and look at things . The lighting effects are gorgeous the whole game is infused with a sort of dark/light ambience that can be at times both soothing and foreboding.I found my hart in my throat whenever Ico jumped and shimmied around the castle at breathtaking heights . I liked the whole idea of having to lead Princess Yorda around ; her frailty is endearing too -LRB- given that she 's a demon princess ! -RRB- . The shadow creatures that come for her are equally spooky.Ico is a game I could play with my children -LRB- if I had any -RRB- , and is the antidote to all the splaaterfest games that are out there right now .
 Really awesome inded ... . but the game is VERY short ... . I am no game expert and I beat it in 5 hours my first time and defenetly my last , since adventure games , in my opinion , got no replay value . Anyway , the graphics are really good , the levels are sooo big that some times you just ca n't see the entire stage , and that is saying a lot , because ICO has barely any fog . The enemies are a little anoyining , they keep taking Jorda -LRB- the girl you meet and have to save -RRB- the whole time and trying to push her into this really weird black hole ... . and if she completely falls down in it , it 's game over . Of course ICO is a really good rental , but lacks gameplay hours ... . it 's not that the game is short , NOOO , it 's actually realllyyyy big , but the puzzles are a bit easy ... maybe one or two will make you think a bit more . Enough said , good game that lasts for only a while .
 This game is the ultimate . It is like the best role play game ever ! It is definitetly a must buy . When I got this game I was so excited . The graphics rocks , the game play rocks , the only downside is it 's short . About 7 hour long .
 I 've played every game from `` frogs and flies '' on the old ATARI to `` Metal gear Soild 2 '' for the Playstation 2 and I always thought there was `` something missing '' in games . Words ca n't explain how magnificent this game turned out . The storyline is well written and not too indepth , the lighting and graphics are of something I 've never seen before . But forget all that , this game is downright FUN ! ICO could be enjoyed from anyone from 13 to 40 years old ... really ! This Games is pure art !
 A category that is the definitive component in every game , ICO shines as brilliantly in gameplay as it does visually . Possibly what makes ICO irresistible in this category is the endless amount of puzzles and rewards that are fluently encountered . The story is about a young boy , Ico , and his escape from the persecution of his village . The townspeople order Ico to be executed as a result of the horns that bore his head when he was born . Now at the age of 12 , it is his calling by the village to be sent off and killed . Well , if you had n't guessed , Ico escapes , and his adventures are what make up the story with his meeting of Yorda , the sacred girl who is pursued by demons . Your journey will begin after a magnificent CG that shows the departure of Ico to be killed . His escape triggers the adventure , and you are then thrust into the role of this small boy , looking for hope in a world that has shunned your existence . As soon as you even press a button to move your character , you are presented with a hint of the puzzle atmosphere , as you will need to find a way out of the first room you encounter . After some time , you will be shown the presence of Yorda , and once again , her survival is an intuitive puzzle that makes for your enjoyment . Keep in mind , this is the structure that surrounds ICO , and is an unlimited joy as you move from stage to stage , accomplishing great tasks as you vie to understand the meaning of your journey . In a sense , it is about the rescue of Yorda , but what awaits for you is only describable by playing the game . The game is a truly marvel to look at and experience , with many dimensions wrapped up inside.It 's tough to put together a stellar sound scheme for a title like ICO , but Sony has excelled in every part of ICO so far , why not keep going . Every obstacle you face , every natural occurrence is bursting with harmonious splendor , from the soft chirping of birds , to the loud clamor as you fight for your freedom . Each level has it 's own sense and feeling as the sound format fits perfectly as you travel . A mood is set in every level and you will be transformed to suit this mold each time your adventure changes form . Trust me in this category . Sony has not forgotten to include a part of the game , which in some cases can make or break a title . The beautiful arrangement is well noted , and will not be forgotten in my book , as it will not be forgotten in yours either.The control scheme and setup of ICO is also very well put together . Ico 's movements are well taken care of , with only small confusion as the camera angle changes . The fluent motion and sensitivity of the game is practically flawless , as it aids tremendously in the quality and value of the game . The controller setup is extremely simple and will be picked up in a matter of minutes . For those of you wondering , the button layout goes like this
 I always read the `` best games of all time '' lists on gaming sites through the years , and ICO always shows up near the top of every list . I finally decided to get it and try it out . I let my wife play the entire game , since it is a bit slower paced , but it is very challenging puzzle wise . The epic scenes and vistas in this game are amazing . The PS2 was obviously pushed to the edge with the tech used in this game . If you like adventure puzzle games that are HEAVY on puzzle , this classic is a definite pick up . Glad I did n't miss out on the experience .
 I bought this game early on it 's re-release , as it went for silly money once word got out of its enchanting quality , and copies were scarce to come by for awhile . This game is an experience , much enhanced by its haunting soundtrack - for which I bought the cd for ! The blend of puzzles and action is of equal balance in the main , and you 'll rejoice when you advance following each obstacle put before you in the game . The graphics are good not great but it is a 4 year old game . The challenge is high enough , my only critique is the length of the game , a tad short , but that 's just my opinion , but this is so damn good regardless , an experience bettered on the ps2 only by Okami , MGS3 and SOTC . Get it or regret it !
 Ico managed to create a companion based sub genre that has been copied in more recent titles . The game introduced a compelling emotive aspect to the story in the form of a companion that travels with you throughout your journey and is directly affected by your actions . The expressions and behaviors of the two main characters are convincing , as is the gargantuan medieval castle which you are trying to escape . The design of the Italian style castle has a life like sense of scale and interactive objects like windmills , gardens , water pipes , towers , cathedrals , tombs and ramparts -- an architecture lesson in itself . The story is plainly told without many cutscenes or drama . Yet the actual process of scaling walls , jumping over chasms , flipping switches , wading through streams , climbing ladders , swinging on chains , is evocatively captured because each character navigates this terrain in their particular way . Also they can not proceed without the others help . The relationship of the main characters is ambiguous -LRB- although , according to some fansites ... -RRB- . Yet the story reaches a surprising end , avoiding any lengthy exposition , which is consistent for a game that conveys its emotion through visual style .
 This game is a piece of poetic genius . Do n't bother reading War and Peace if you want a life changing experience , just sit-back an enter the world of ICO for a few days . You wo n't want to come back.I , for one , now call my wife Yordi and carry a large hitting stick wherever I go .
 One of the most overlooked games of high quality -- Ico is an extremely realistic game . Little music surrounds you as you travel throughout the mysterious world . Instead , you are forced to face the sounds of water trickling down stone walls , waves crashing against a distant shore , gulls crying from the sky above , the cries of your princess companion when she is hurt by the shadow demons ... This is a haunting work , closer to art than game . The main character must find his way through a castle designed to imprison those inside . He must also help his princess-friend escape , holding her hand as they run from the shadows , whistling to her when he wants her to follow . One of the great things about this game is the dynamic between the two characters . The main character , which you as the player control , has to find ways in the castle that are safe for the princess to pass through . She quietly obeys your instructions , seeming too feeble to fight off the demons or do much of the exploration herself . It is unclear how long she been imprisoned , but you know she will die if she remains . The game has an extremely imposing atmosphere - you will stop playing it and feel the urgency of the princess ' plight . While an extremely linear game - you have to get through the castle by passing through a strict order of rooms - though how long this will take you and which way you solve the puzzles is up to the player . It will torture you if you are terrible at puzzles and impatient in temperment , but if you enjoy that kind of challenge , you could n't pick a more elegant or unique game .
 And that 's how you spell IcoPros : - Beautiful graphics-Nice stroyline-Packed with puzzles-Pretty addictive gameplay-beatin the heck outta enemies is pretty fun-Sutible backround music-Nice voice acting -LRB- I usally like subbed rather than dubbed -RRB- - Characters you will definitly like , even get attatched to-This game got me emotionally attatched to it-In the end this is a superb game that made me fight back on tearsCons : - Box art might turn you off , but do n't let that stop you from playing this once in a lifetime experience.-Puzzles can be frustrating -LRB- Especially if they have fatal falls -RRB- - Leaving the princess behind can cause you to run back -LRB- Cuz evil spirits might attack her , when she 's ungaurded -RRB- If you have UK version , which is a bit harder to obtain , then this is the extra pros and cons that : -- Even if the replay value is low , it 's a neccesity to play it again for the stiff below . -- A light saber -LRB- When you first get it , it looks like a cheap replica you can get at a Star Wars convention , but when you hold Yarda 's hand , Luke Skywalker wishes he was as cool as you -RRB- -- Translations of Yarda 's and the Queen 's diolauge -LRB- In English , Oh YEA ! -RRB- -- Various film effects -LRB- You can set it to the point where the in game picture looks like an old style film , I only like it because it reminds me of silent hill -RRB- -- Yarda is playable with second controller -LRB- If you do n't want to lead Yarda around a second time , have a friend help you out -RRB- -- A alternative ending -LRB- You 'll have to pick up something to get it -RRB- Cons
 gorgeous graphics , interesting -LRB- but not TOO difficult -RRB- puzzles and an engaging story set the stage , . . but , ... REALLY , . . it is the ABSOLUTELY STUNNING AND INCREDIBLY ATMOSPHERIC GRAPHICS of this game that set it apart . just beautiful !!!!! what a joy it was to play this game ! puzzles are n't TOO hard , combat is n't THAT tough , ... but ... WOW ... it sure is pretty ! Almost dreamlike in it 's fluidity , the visual appeal of ICO is undeniable . no machine guns . no lasers . no bloodshed . it is a giant canvas of fantasy art come to life . why are n't there more games like this ?? buy it and ENJOY !!
 Ico is one of the best puzzle/adventure games on the PS2 if not the best . The worlds are graphically beautiful , and the gameplay , although slow at times , is still interesting , and innovative . The only problem I have with the game is the camera . You do n't have enough control over it . When you use the right analog stick to pan around , you ca n't always see in certain directions , which can be a pain . Other that if you like puzzles , a great story line , and a taste for adventure , Ico is the game for you .
 ICO can not be categorised in any of the common game genres , as this `` game '' plays more like a romantic novel , engaging the player in an emotional and spiritual feeling that far transcends the boundaries of common `` game experiences '' . Sure , you will need to climb ladders , activate levers , defend against evil shadows , etc. but all these actions will absorb your mind and soul in a truly beautiful way.The scenery is sublime in its melancholy , the struggle to free Yorda is agonisingly poignant , and the conclusion is a complete surrender to the higher emotions of love and mystery .
 I have n't yet completed this game -LRB- I 'm just past the part where the Queen first confronts Ico -RRB- , but this is true love forever . From the very opening of this game , I felt like I 'd been drawn into some fairy tale book . This would make a great movie too ! Boy with horns escapes sacrifice and rescues beautiful princess ! The dungeons and lighting are amazing . I did have to adjust my t.v. so it would n't be too bright , for some reason it comes off as brighter than other games . I 've heard gamers complain this is too short . I guess that 's not a problem if you 've got a busy work load , like me ! It 's also a lot cheaper now than when it first came out . This is definitely a must have for any gamer . Lead the Princess around by the hand , bash the shadow-baddies over the head , and look for a way out of this deathtrap of a castle . I 'm finding it more difficult than I thought it would be , especially trying to make the jumps . It ai n't exactly Tomb Raider , but I still love it . Ca n't wait to see the ending . My only gripe is the subtitles are n't even in English , so sometimes I ca n't understand a word the Princess says ! However , this is minor to me .
 I was very happy to find that my nine year old son loved playing this CD . It 's running on our Windows XP and we had no installation or operation problems . It was challenging for him but so much fun for him too ! I 'd buy it again definitely !
 I really liked this game . All of the `` Where is CARMEN SANDIEGO '' games are great games .
 I played this when it first came out -LRB- ' 97 ? ' 98 ? -RRB- and I was 7 -LRB- or 8 , respectively -RRB- years old at the time . Now I am in my twenties and I thought I 'd play it for fun -LRB- do n't judge ! -RRB- , so I feel I have two different perspectives now.As a kid , this game was fun ... but intense . I found myself getting scared at climactic sequences
 Math detective is an excellent program for people like myself who need help with math for test etc. . I found this program very easy to use . I started using it when I first received it and I have not put it down yet . I feel like I am making progress in the program . I love it and I will go to the santiago website and search for other learning programs . thanks .
 This is a colorful , cartoony adventure game that is fun for parents to play with their kids . As a straightforward adventure there are tons of funny characters and mini-puzzles to keep players interested , with plenty of Blues Brothers ' music as well ! Recommended !
 It 's very good , many levels , an excellent 3D Picture , but a little hard for little Kids . But overall , it 's very good for kids about 9 Years old and up .
 For devotees of cartoonish platformers like Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie , this game is a welcome surprise . There are plenty of Zelda-like puzzles , goofy opponents , and large , maze-like rooms to explore . Control is very similar to BK . Goodies such as coins , notes , and keys add a nice non-linearity to the gameplay . The scenery and character appearance is not quite as beautiful as Zelda or a Rare game , which is why I 've knocked this down one star . But this is a small point about a very good game .
 This game has a lot of action and adventure . It keeps you on the edge of your seat !
 I use these pedals for a rudder in all of my flight sims . they give great analog control and precise movements . a must have for a flight sim lover . Not only that , but for mos car racing games you can use these pedals as real pedals . the only problem is that they are designed for 2 feet so they are a little spread out . But it 's not to bad . these are a good price and very useful .
 These Rudder Pedals are by FAR better than the ones made by CH Products and much cheaper . The only set that 's better that this is the Cirrus set but that 's nearly 6 times more ... . If you 're in the market for some good quiality rudder pedals , this set is the way to go .
 I have used these rudder pedals before and after obtaining a pilot 's license . I purchased them sometime ago to use with Flight Unlimited III and Flight Simulator 98 . They serve the purpose of having pedals vs using the keyboard or joystick for this function . To obtain more realism in rudder pedals you would have to spend considerably more . While earning my license they did serve the purpose of getting used to their function to taxi and also good -LRB- if you turn off auto coordination in your software program -RRB- for practicing coordinated turns and proper takeoff application . They are sturdy and have held up for many years .
 Played this game at the arcades when I was a little kid . Got this game for the memories . Excellent game .
 this game is great ... from the start ... everything in this game is as close to golf you can get on the couch ... the wlkthru ... the grafix ... the voice overs ... i got this game the other day . . i got a few golf games ... its a serious golf game unlike tee offf or mario golf ... but plays great ... game play is smooth ... t6he pguy who guides you thru the holes is a great person to get hints from ... this game is as close to glof as it gets in the time thgis game was made ... if you buy this you will not be upset ... it has everything the greastset games have now ... the price is a steal ... the holes are sweet ... you get a caddie you can pick ... heck every thing is customiised to what you want ... thanx . . i never played golf in the sun only wth a cld bber and on the couch ... this game is great get it ... youll be glad after you play a little bit you willl be playing it all thge way thru ...
 This game looks very interesting . It 's made by EA that company knows how to make racing games for EX
 Brilliant game . Awesome graphics music too . Can not wait to get .
 When mastered , the controls are n't bad.You guys complain too much , making a huge deal about every single flaw.Why do n't you find a game that 's `` easier '' for you since it seems like that you ca n't handle the skill it takes to play a game like Drive Emotion Type-S .
 When an RPG company makes a racing title you pretty much know to avoid it . At least I did .
 Okay , i got this game from Japan before PS2 was even released anywhere else , so i 've had the time to play it quite a bit . At first you wo n't like this game , but you 've got ta give it a chance . The steering is really sensitive , but it does n't take too long to master . Once you 've mastered it the game is actually really fun , especially when you start getting the new tracks and cars . You actually get totally hooked to the game once you start winning . The verses mode is also a lot of fun to mess around with and it 's always worth watching the unreal graphics of the replays . Most people will just rule it off as a bad game straight off and never play it again , but then again , most people are morons . So stop judging too quickly , give it a go , and you 'll actually have a lot of fun with it .
 I bought this game becuase i could not wait for Gran Tourismo 3 any longer , i was pleasantly surprised . i had read the reviews about the control , but i also heard that that was limited to the Japanese release . There are plenty of great cars to choose from the tracks are challenging and fun . the graphics arent anything special but they are good , far better than the GT2 on psx . i find that the best control is the view from the front bumper , if you control the car from behind the car the car goes all over the place . . and the inside the car view is basically a novelty . . i reccomend this game if you want realistic racing on your PSX2 . . if you can wait for GT3 , by all means wait . . overall a strong effort . . list of annoying stuff :1 . when you shift gears with the inside the car view , the driver doesnt take his hand off the wheel to shift .2 . the cars turn thier headlights on under EVERY overpass even if it is only like 20 feet long .3 . you cant switch cars in the replays or pick your own angles
 I ca n't believe how much people whine ... . This is a fun game BECAUSE IT IS HARD TO MASTER I dont have control ... waaaaaaaaah ! I cant drive it waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! go invent a game that drives for you if you ca n't appreciate a challenge ! Excellent graphics , fun to race and great cars ... almost a GT ... . but not quite ...
 This game is the best super nes game ever . I borrowed it from my friend and bought it instintly . It is n't to hard to play . the 1 bad thing about it is that you ca n't start a season .
 This game is probably the most underrated , under appreciated game in the SNES library . I remember the first time I got it , it was nothing like I had had ever seen or played before . This game is extremely creative and unique . There is no other game like this , at least , until 1995 where Ubisoft completely copied this game with Rayman.Gameplay
 This is another great game very fun gameplay , good graphics and nice music . overall a solid title and since this game can be purchased for around 2 or 3 dollars there is no reason not to buy it .
 Each DiscKeeper holds 12 cd booklets and jewel case inserts along with their game . Alhtough not groundbreaking , the games being held on the backside of the booklet holders logically seem to have the benefit of reducing scratching while pulling them in and out of the hidden sleeves . I only reccomended these for long term home storage unless you do n't mind the fact that other cd holders smaller than this hold 24 + cd 's . The Good : * Innovative use of standard storage cases where cd 's are tucked in a safe sleeve built into the backside of each booklet holding page . * Makes storing and organizing games easier and reduces the likelihood of scratches in cases where both the booklet and cd are kept in the same sleeve . * Each one holds 3 standard memory cards in hard foam in the front . -LRB- careful they can fall out a little easy though -RRB- * Net in back for storing miscelaneous small items . -LRB- like cheat codes , other booklets , more memory cards , etc. -RRB- * Come with a clip on/off strap for maybe attaching to ??? -LRB- maybe you have a reason , they must of -RRB- * Unlike the ones being handed out at gaming shows , they front symbol is sowed on not stuck on with cheap glue so they wo n't fall off so easily -LRB- and look so tacky and cheap -RRB- The Bad : * Not a convenient way to bring your games with you , so you would want to transfer them to a different case whenever you traveled outside your room/living room . * The five I own which hold a total of 60 games is not a small nor attractive addition to my living room . I keep them out of view just for storing games I rarely play . * Poor design
 I use these for my ps2/xbox games as well as my dvd collections . They keep my games free of scratches , and they take up a lot less space than the dvd cases would . They 're also pretty handy for carting your games/movies around since if you have multiple ones you can just fill one with the discs you 'll need and take it with you . The clip on strap is a bit of an enigma , but I put my straps through the hanger rod in my closet and just unclip binders when I need them . I currently have 7 , but I 'm buying 3 more from amazon right now . Other places have them dramatically cheaper ... Inflated amazon.com price is all that keeps this from a 5 star rating .
 I do n't know why you 're even reading this review . This product as good as any other . CD cases are pretty much all alike
 Ok . I just HAVE to get one of these . I got games that have no case and they are being scratched up BADLY . Including my favorite , Suikoden . I do n't have many games so if they do n't work , I might start to feel like a big , brown , cup full of -LRB- I 'll leave this word out for now -RRB- . : -RRB-
 Created by the same guys that made Blazing Lazers -LRB- and the Star Soldier series I think -RRB- you know the pedigree is top notch . Possibly the best Graphics the SNES saw and assuredly the best use of mode 7 effects . This is a hardcore shooter in the truest sense of the word that will test your skills -LRB- the ones you used to have ... before PS , and strategy guides , and GameFAQS -RRB- . Pure twitch fest which surprisingly -LRB- to me at least -RRB- was more difficult during the first half of the game than the later levels . Fantastic weapon selections -LRB- Blazing Lazers fans will recognize a few -RRB- , amazing bosses = the best Shmup on the system not known for its great shooters . This and Axelay will make you happy ... trust me .
 I own a few shmups for the snes including Gradius III , Super R-Type , and R-Type III . I like this one the best . It has the best controls , life system , and weapons/upgrades . The weapons and upgrades are really amazing , and varied . There are 8 main types of fire , and you can augment each , switch between multiple fire-patterns for each , and lock and unlock your little sprites -LRB- like options in gradius iii -RRB- at will . `` Although R-Type III might slightly beat it in the graphics department , this game is so exciting , and fast-paced it will have you in raptures . The other games seem in slow motion after playing this one.Some other notable features inlude
 Battletoads in Battlemaniacs was an extremely difficult game -LRB- ex
 Being a child of the 90 's , I 've always had a soft spot for video games of the SNES -LRB- Super Nintendo Entertainment System -RRB- . Something about the look and feel of a classic game cartridge seems to sing to me . As a lost boy man-child in this `` everything-is-for-sale-on-the-internet '' day and age , what there is of my disposable income is quickly disposed on vintage games from my childhood . One of these illustrious games I 've sought after is Battletoads in Battlemaniacs.I know what you 're thinking , `` that sounds like the biggest load of whatsit I 've ever heard of '' . Well , to those of you who judge books by their covers , you could not be more wrong . This game had somehow maintained a status of under the radar for nearly twenty years , for reasons unknown . The story involves the three Battletoads -LRB- Zits , Rash , and Pimple -RRB- trying to overpower the evil tyrant of the universe , aptly named The Dark Queen , after she has kidnapped Zits and the daughter of the CEO of PSICONE Corp. . Throughout the game you are greeted with challenging boss fights and near-impossible obstacles , not to mention the occasional trash talk from the game 's antagonist herself . With Zits indisposed , Pimple and Rash set out on their journey to defeat The Dark Queen and rescue him.In an effort to break things down nice and easy , it is important to note that this is a `` beat ` em up '' genre video game . You can play single player or two player co-op , playing as the ` Toads fighting through stages of mutant pigs and rats which make up the bulk of The Dark Queen 's armies . Player one is the larger , stronger Pimple , whereas player two is the smaller , faster Rash . The game plays like other beat ` em ups , but also allows for comical finishing moves , in which the ` Toads could deliver a punch or kick , turning their limbs into hammers or giant boots , smashing enemies miles away.Upon starting the first level , two things will hit you like a brick
 Well I have had this game for a month and I can say I like it . The graphics and sound are good even to this day . The only down side is that it is VERY hard , I have had it for a month and I am still stuck on level 3 . But all in all this is a great game for retro gamers and battletoads fans I recommed it
 This is one of the Hardest and Best team based games I have ever played ; Highly recommend it you must try this game .
 I own the original for nes but this one for the snes is really fun , great pricing , fast shipping , no problems during game play , cant beat it , thanks .
 This game is hard but I never really threw my controller on the floor from it . The game is so much fun to play with a friend and the music is awesome its really catchy . Even though this game is kinda short it is worth the money and I totally recommend it .
 Battletoads series has always been one of the better ones , the problem is all of there games are always hard . It took me many an hours to finally beat these Battletoads games , but a great game whether you can beat the whole thing or not . definitely worth the price of admission .
 This is hard as hell , but it is a really game to play . Its a little short , but it is worth the money . Its even more fun when you play it on two player mode .
 I dont really care for these type of fake animal / lizard things moving and talking . But it is fun when u go back in time and play this old famous game . It is very fun on multiplayer because there is more people to beat the enemies . Which there is a lot of . The graphics r better than most snes games but it is still not very good . The sound is good and the music is very catchy and good . The controls for this game can be hard to get used to . The thing i do not like about it is it is a very hard game and the story is weird . I mean lizards and pigs fighting each other ? It is weird . But unstead of the weirdness and how hard it is it is a fun fighting game .
 if you played it 12 years ago you probably are getting it just like me ! what a trip !
 This is a very good game to have fun with but the CD itself caused a problem with my computer . After I installed it on my Windows XP , my computer continuosly restarted . After about an hour of uninstalling , reinstalling , troubleshooting , etc. . I decided to trash it . Do n't know what happened this time ; Other CD games that I 've ordered worked great .
 The kids and the husband ca n't get enough of this game . Highly recommend again . Easy to install , easy to play .
 This is fun for the whole family . Got for my husband and the kids play it just as much .
 Zuma is a classic game that anyone who can master a mouse can play . The object is simple enough
 Fun game to test your reaction time ! Even our 7 yr old likes to play .
 This game is great for all ages ! It starts at an easier pace then gets more challenging as you go along . My husband loves it and so does my young son ! It was really easy to install , with on-screen instructions . Good entertainment !
 My husband , four year old , and six year old LOVE this game . My two year old loves to watch them play it , it 's crazy . The only problem is that I have to make sure they do n't play too long , because they could play this game forever .
 I love this game . It is very addicting . It is simple because all you have to do is shoot balls from the frogs mouth to similar colored balls and reduce the flow of colored balls so you can move on to the next level . Eventually , with patience I made it to the highest level . Yea ! I absolutely love the peculiar background music to this as well .
 Good game love it got to be quick and buy a mouse for your laptop it helps
 purchased this game for my 11 year old son and ex-wife . they both have told me the game is very fun and gets more challenging at each level . they would recommend this game .
 I enjoy the product very much . Have a great time playing it . Would prefer to win all the time , but that 's the way it is . Thank you very much .
 I love this game . I play it at night before I go to bed some nights and it relaxes me since it does n't require much thought ...
 I absolutely can not get enough of this game ! I ca n't wait to share it with my 6 year old grandson . I know he will love it as much as I do . It 's a great game for the whole family !
 This is a highly addictive , relaxing way to pass time or just relax.But first impressions of this game are deceiving . It seems like a simplistic , straight forward skill shot game . If you play it this way it will take you forever to conquer it . I was lucky enough to have my computer crash . When I started out the second time around - applying the knowledge I had gained - it made a huge difference . So here are the SPOILERS :1 . Try to see how long you can make the game last on the first round of each level . The game records your first score at each level and you get more points - and lives - if you did really poorly the first round .2 . Set yourself up for combos .3 . Get used to swapping the color balls . Look on the back of the frog to see what color is next and swap when necessary.You 'll need the extra lives to make it through the really hard puzzles .
 This is a super fun game . There are 12 levels of increasing difficulty , and boy does it ever get hard after level 9 . You find yourself wanting to defeat that little spinning , spitting frog if it kills you . Great game .
 Reviewed more extensively elsewhere as a `` Windows '' compatible PC game by the same title , however this version -LRB- also for the PC -RRB- generally sells cheaper because it is made available in smaller jewel case packaging and occupies less shelf space in retail stores . Neither come with much if any -LRB- hardcopy -RRB- documentation , as Zuma Deluxe is a relatively simple game to learn how to play , and instructions are provided in the game itself after installation on your PC . You can also download this game -LRB- and try it out free for a limited time , usually 60 minutes -RRB- from a variety of online sources.For a similar and even better - well implemented - game of this genre , I highly recommend the new Pop Cap game called `` Peggle Deluxe '' , although I yet to see it come out in the smaller jewel case package format . It can be downloaded or purchased as a `` boxed '' product in retail stores.Starting in the days of the Atari 2600 , I have always admired software game developers . They are extremely creative people , especially those from yesteryear who had to develop in assembly code to crank out a new game in only 4 kilobytes of Read Only memory . The Pop Cap programmer of classic games like Bejeweled , and now soon-to-become classics like Peggle Deluxe are pure genius.I recommend you get a hold of either Zuma or Peggle Deluxe -LRB- especially the latter -RRB- , and try it out to see exactly what I mean .
 I bought this from Target and I 'm just loving it . I loved the online version at PopCap Games ' website , but had trouble with the Deluxe version at first . The screen seemed too big for a game that relies a lot on peripheral vision . However , you can stop it from running in full-screen mode and that smaller window made all the difference for me . At $ 9.99 , this a great price , too . There seems to be no difference between this $ 10 version and the $ 20 version also being sold online . I believe someone said the price difference was due to different packaging . The Zuma and Peggle addictions are now spreading like wildfire among all my family and friends . Good luck tearing yourself away !
 It is said that a good chef is one that can cook-up miracles with scraps . This is such a miracle
 I love this game and can play it for hours . It is addictive and I set my own goals to meet and beat . Great price and worth it for the amount of time I play it . I need to stop lending it out so I have it to put on my next computer - this is the third copy I have purchased !
 I am enjoying the game very much and it was in excellant condition . I have always loved this game on the internet on the Pop Cap web site . I am very sastified with the product . Do you happen to have the regular -LCB- 1st game -RCB- of Zuma ? This was Zuma Deluxe I would like to have the original game too.Thanks , Shirley Clutts
 This is a very simple , but compulsive game . When playing , I keep on without tiring of it , even though there is n't a lot of variety . Colored balls snake across the screen , and you have to shoot more colored balls until at least 3 of the same color are lined up . Then they pop and slow the ball-snake 's advance to the end . If they reach the end , they slide down a hole and you have to try again . Some balls do special things when you hit them , such as back up the line , or blow up extra nearby balls . I recommend it .
 This is a fun game for young adults and for Grand Parents . My 5 year old Grand Daughter likes this game and it 's inexpensive and highly addictive .
 This game is simple but very addictive . The graphics are dated but the game play is simple and can easily consume hours of your time .
 Do n't make me angry , you would n't like me when I get angry ! Play as that big lovable , not-really-cuddly green marvel character ! It 's cool in the fact , if your energy goes down you revert back to the human form instead of just dying right out . Fun game to play .
 nintendo really put mario on top of sonic with this game.From shell tossing matches to to trying dunk a basketball in a over sized piranhas mouth.This is a game for all children .
 This is yet another perfect example of a Mario game ! Gameplay is tight and graphics are good . A hard one to find these days !
 I bought this game for my 9 year old . It was hard to find in the stores since it 's a little old . He was thrilled when it came in the mail . He has been playing it ever since . It was a hit !
 It is a very addicting game . It is the best d.s. game I have ever played . You should try it out . It is awesome .
 This game is simply awesome . You can combine all sorts of characters to be on a team , and with extensive touch screen usage , you can use all sorts of sweet moves . A special bonus is that you get to use a few Final Fantasy characters in the mix , which give the game a special twist . This game definately deserves 5 stars !
 I purchased this game for my son and he really loves it . He and his sister can connect with their DS systems and play one another . It was a great compliment to her Princess Peach game as well . Both have provided hours of entertainment .
 This is a great game but need to have a little more moves while playing
 i bought this from amazon , for my son and he is having good time.i am very much pleased with amazon timely service .5 stars for both game and amazon from me .
 I am 7 years old and I love this video game . It is challenging in all sorts of ways . I like to do special shots as Yoshi . I would recommend this video game to any kids who like basketball and Mario games . There are different kinds of courts when you get better at the game . There are different players when you get to a different tournaments . Enjoy the game !
 Anyone who played Super Mario RPG
 Mario Hoops 3 on 3I had purchased this game for my grandson and he was thrilled to get it for Christmas .
 My grandson loved it . He is really into his DS . He is only seven but is very intelligent and conquers quickly
 This is a pretty fun game , yeah , but it is definitely flawed in some areas . The controls , for instance , are definitely not top-notch . The difficulty gets ridiculous . And ... Well , yeah , that 's about it . Oh ! And some of the unlockables are near-impossible to unlock because of the difficulty . It is a fun game for the most part , but those flaws just take away from the experience . If you really like Mario Sports games then definitely buy it , if you just like sports games in general then you 'd probably have a 50/50 shot at liking this . I like it , but I 'm a Mario fan . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 one of the best if not excellent game and a nice product , worth every penny and i most definitely needed it . a purchase that you couldnt get a better price . excellent product and a recommended buy
 My grandson asked me to get this for him . When it came in , he immediately went to play it and did n't see him come out of his room for a couple of hours . I finally had to go in there and tell him he needed to play in the snow for a bit and get some fresh air . He grumbled and snow is his favorite .
 For all the mario fans . This is a good ds game . My little boy loves all the mario games . A good one to add to your collection .
 This Game is So fun ! Although , a lot of it is different than regular basketball . This Game is all about basketball with Mario 's Style in it ! Although my two little sisters always play it ! Anyway , You should by this game because I know you like basketball ! But Do you wan na play basketball everywhere you go ? You have found the right game!If you like to play basket ball anywhere you have got ta buy this game !
 Fun ! so fun!and good multiplayer , -LRB- infared -RRB- its a hoot . I love it . I wish it had more wifi play though ...
 My 10 years old son play this game and it have a lot of challenges .
 The game is good but the game is also very short.Graphics could be better and they should have more than just easy and hard levels .
 WHILE MARIO AND CO. . HAVE PLAYED SPORTS BEFORE , YOU 'VE NEVER SEEN THEM LIKE THIS ! PLAY AS ONE OF OVER 15 OF YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTERS.HERE 'S THE TWIST ... FINAL FANTASY FAVS . ARE READY FOR ACTION TOO!DON ' T FORGET YOU CAN CHANGE YOUR BALLS , AND COLOR OF YOUR OUTFITS.ON TOP OF ALL OF THIS , YOU CAN BEAT A FRIEND IN MULTI-PLAYER !
 My 14 year old grandson is extremely intelligent . He found this a challenge and loved the graphics and the entire game . I thought it was expensive .
 -LRB- I 'm not under thirteen.I just do n't have an account on AMAZON . -RRB- I 've never seen such awsome graphics on The DS , heard such awsome sound , or played such a dope/sweet/kick@$$game.And yet ... PEOPLE COMPLAIN!I knew the all-styulus control would be an issue with some people . Those of you who are complaining are forgetting a couple things : -LRB- 1 -RRB- THIS GAME IS FOR THE NINTENDO DS ! IF YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH TOUCH SCREENS GET AN SP !!! -LRB- 2 -RRB- THIS GAME IS MADE BY NINTENDO , WHO ALSO MADE THE DS !!! OF COURSE THE 'RE GON NA INCORPORATE THE TOUCH SCREEN INTO THE GAME ONE WAY OR ANOTHER!WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU FREAKS !?!?! -LRB- whew -RRB- I 'm done scolding.Now I 'm gon na plop myself down and play this AWSOME game.smell ya later touch screen haters-davey-POO
 This game is soooooooooooooooooo aswome !!! You can slam dunk , shoot hoops and signituer shots ! The tournement modes are fun too . But it would be cool if you could go on-line . Anyway this is an aswome game
 Since Nintendo created their Nintendo DS system , they 've absolutely maintained and and defined a whole new way of playing video games to the next degree . Not only that , they 've also shown that in the element of their games with Mario . Since Super Mario 64 DS was developed , they 've maintained so many DS titles with the Mario name that 've delivered from Mario Kart DS , to the return of the classic 2-D days with New Super Mario Brothers . Now , with the success of their sports titles from other systems such as Super Mario Strikers from their Gamecube system , many skeptics are wondering if that kind of a Mario sports title can deliver on the DS . Here is the result.Mario Hoops 3 On 3 for the Nintendo DS , brings the element of basketball , through Mario and company as if they 've made the slam dunk . The object of the game is like most other basketball games , score the highest . You have so many differnt characters to choose from such as Mario and Yoshi , as well as clever unlockables Moogle and company from the Final Fantasy franchise . The courts all have unique Mario details that gave a whole unique way of playing basketball , from slam dunking on a airship , to the depths of the Blooper Sea . The graphics in the game are amazing , and absolutely deliver in detail from each character and move to score . The control , sadly misses a bit of the beat . Although you can control each of the characters well through the regular controls , but with the stylus , that is another story . The stylus controls miss out a little , and take a bit to get used to . Not only that , but it is the only way your character can actually execute their specialty shot from a Mario fireball , to a rainbow swoosh from Yoshi.Despite a few flaws , Mario Hoops 3 On 3 is a solid sports title for the Nintendo DS . Although there may be other basketball titles down the road for the system , this is a really fun game to play for solo players , as well as muliplayer slam dunk action . I absolutely recommend this as addition to your DS library , and that is worth the slam dunk.Graphics
 Normally , I do n't offer direct rebuttals to other reviews , but in this case I 'll make an exception . Some have said the controls for this game are `` fiddly '' and `` unreliable '' . Not so for me . I find them simple and intuitive and very fun . It 's cool to actually play a basketball game where there is actual ball control . Furthermore , shooting , blocking , passing , and stealing are all very easy to use . As for the complaints that the game is all about coin collecting , I 'll have to disagree a bit on that , too . Sure , the more coins you collect , the more points you score when you make a basket . But here 's the catch , if your opponent makes a basket before you , then all those coins you collected are worth squat . I do n't concentrate on coinage at all , merely collecting what I can when it 's convenient , and I do n't have a problem with winning . Except on the more difficult tournaments , and that 's because my opponents are so skilled that they keep me from scoring at all.Onto the game itself . I love it . However , let me admit a few things . I 'm not a sports game guy . I generally find them repetative and dull . The last great sports game I enjoyed was Tiny Toons Sports for Sega Genesis . So if you 're a hardcore sports guy , this probably is n't the game for you . On the other hand , if you 're like me and want a game with lively animation , great theme , fun gameplay , and fast-paced knucklebiting games , this is a good choice.The music , graphics , etc. are all top notch , and I love the theme courts . The Luigi 's Mansion court , for instance , has ghosts hovering overhead . Sometimes , they catch the ball and float around until someone jumps up and steals it back . The Flower court has giant venus flytraps for baskets . Do n't try and dunk because they 'll knock you out every time . These schticks are well balanced . They affect the gameplay , but do n't dominate it.Solo play is either Tourney or Exhibition . There 's four tournaments consisting of 3 games -LRB- or 4 in the last tourney -RRB- , and each is progressively harder opponents . After you beat them all , a Hard mode is unlocked . And it is definitely hard . But that adjustable difficulty means that you can play at whatever level suits you.The more I play this game , the better I get and the more I appreciate the level of character interraction . While obviously not everyone will agree with me , this is a very cool little game .
 So far I have ten ds games and this is the best one by far . At first I thought it was hard to memorize all of the special shots that each character has ... but it really was n't . This game has a bunch of characters from the start and you get more and more each time you beat a tournament . There are millions of things to do with this game and I ca n't find ANY cons -LRB- i am pretty hard on rating ds games -RRB- . When you start out with the first tournament , i think it is the mushroom one , it is pretty easy to win . But when you start moving on to things like the star one , it takes several times to win , plus there are a few surprises along the way . Another good thing about this game is that if you are in the middle of a tournament and you have to stop playing , you can easily pause the game and it will save your progress so you can countinue later from the start of that game . Also , you wo n't really need to read the instruction book because the game includes a place where it teaches you all of the special trick shots and all of the controls and moves that you will need to play.Overall this is an AMAZING game and highly better then every other ds game on the market .
 Nintendo 's longtime plumber mascot has had his share of whacky sports games for a while now with the Gamecube , and Mario Hoops 3 on 3 finds Mario gracing the hardwood on the DS . The first thing you 'll notice is that the game uses an interesting control scheme . Using the stylus and touch screen to perform moves and such , this takes a bit of time to get used to , but once you do , the game 's a breeze . That being said , Mario Hoops ends up being pretty easy , which is kind of disappointing . Not to mention that there is no Wi-Fi multiplayer included in the game either , which is a supreme disappointment . The mini-games really are n't anything to write home about either , but the good does outweigh the bad . There 's a very nice variety of characters , courts , and charm to the game ; with colorful graphics and nicely done sound effects . All in all , Mario Hoops 3 on 3 may not be without it 's share of flaws , but it 's still a fun game that 's easy to pick up and play ; which in itself is reason for DS owners to check it out .
 Ok , overall , this is a great game . The only problem I 've had with it so far is that my character sometimes throws the ball in a different direction when I want him/her to throw it to another teammate . Also , it can be hard for people that are left-handed to play this game because you have to use the D-pad -LRB- on the left side of the DS -RRB- and use the stylus at the same time . Other than that , it is a great game and can be challenging sometimes , but that makes it harder to beat the game and you get more play time out of it .
 If you like the prehistoric NES system 's old puzzle games -- such as Tetris and Dr. Mario -- then you 'll love Zoop ! You must shoot different colored shapes to make them disappear . Like Tetris , your score is higher if you `` build up '' and play the game dangerously . We have score competitions in our household , however , like the original Tetris , there is no two-player mode . This game , unlike some newer puzzle games , has no silly storyline , no distracting figures dancing to music , nor confusing landscapes to mess you up . If you are looking for `` cute , '' then Zoop is not for you . If you are a lover of true puzzle games , you 'll love Zoop
 I played this game as a kid and LOVED it . The sad part was it was a friend 's game for the computer , after that one time I never got to play it again . That 's why I bought it now . If you like tetris you 'd probably like this one . It 's strategy , fast thinking , and simple .
 That game is great but i 've been trying to find it but i cant
 Hot Dang ! How the heck did Sega do this , a touch sensitive control pad ! I 'll tell you some pros and cons.The ProsOh geez , this thing has the most incredible features . First of all , the control pad . YOU DONT HAVE TO PUSH DOWN INNACURATE BUTTONS FROM THE ORIGINAL GENESIS CONTROLLER !!!!! This controller gives you 360 degree control , putting a pinhead on the control pad would make Sonic move . The rapidfire feature can be cool.The ConsMy only concern is the rapidfire , if a button gets stuck down with rapidfire on , it goes out of control , just do n't use it.Have you seen a better controller ? GO BUY A TURBO TOUCH ! Now ...
 Got this very quickly and works great ! Will be ordering from this company again in the future . Very happy consumer .
 I was a hardcore game fanatic just like any other kid and I would play to the point of getting blisters on my thumb . On my 11th birthday my mother got me a Turbo Touch 360 for my 8 bit NES . The pressure pad of the time was similar to that which is used on today 's Notebook Laptops . It took some getting used to but it was great . No blisters , perfect diagonal , it even had individual turbos.Today I look at PC gamepad makers like Logitec and Saitek and wonder
 This game is pretty interesting.It plays sort of like the old super nintendo racing games like mario kart or something.you can play as nine weird characters . -LRB- 1 . Cowboy -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 2 . Frankenstein -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- -LRB- 3 . Caveman -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- -LRB- 4 . Thug -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- -LRB- 5 . Gangster -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- -LRB- 6 . Street Girl -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- -LRB- 7 . Air Pilot -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 8 . Sumo -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- -LRB- 9 . Genie -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- All In All , This Game Is Pretty Cool . -LRB- what do i know ? i got at movietown for five bucks -RRB- , And By The Way , I Have Played The SNES Version Of It and the PS version is definetly an improvement .
 This game rocks . It 's really good . I do n't see why more people do n't own this game and why it 's really hard to come by ... maybe because every copy ever made is still in the hands of its original buyer ... because it 's such an awesome game . Definitely a good decision by anyone who will purchase this game , to do so .
 With first-person shooters ... you either love 'em or hate 'em . Disruptor is one of the few quality Doom `` clones '' for the Playstation.It 's a rare title nowadays , but I am SO glad I shelled out the 40 bucks for it when it when it originally came out.The graphics are excellent , quite possibly better than those of Doom 's for the PS . Some people may bicker about the fog effects -LRB- used usually to cover up graphical glitches and lack of system power -RRB- but the fog is used beautifully in this game , and does not hinder your progress in any way.Not only do you have your handguns and plasma rifles , but you also get extra-sensory attacks that are a nice touch.The levels are nicely layed out , nothing too complex or confusing , and the enemies are a joy to mutilate.The FMV sequences between levels are corny , but tell somewhat of a story , and what you 're intended to do.Sound and music is top-notch , nothing too special.Overall , 8 out of 10 . It 's a top-quality FPS any PS gamer should not pass up !
 This game easily rivaled the big name FPS titles out there for its time , and it makes me wonder why it was such an usung hero . I mean , it even had a playing mode where you could chose `` practice '' and get a taste of all the levels and villains in an abbreviated version that lasted mere minutes . How cool is that?This game has everything to keep a die-hard FPS junkie smiling , gritting his/her teeth and blasting away for hours.If you have n't played it for years , do it again . If you never tried it and wanted a little retro FPS game play , buy it and play it . You 'll like it .
 Ok-So it 's not in the FPS `` hall of fame '' with DOOM , Wolfenstein , Quake , etc.-But it 's not a bad game at all-I like the graphics , and it keeps me going for hours
 This game is great . The game battles are the same as final fantasy . I love this game but I do n't want to spoil that much so all I can say is you use magic and THE RABBIT IS BEST FOR THE BOOK OF THE COSMOS ONLY . You Must get this game ! Lastly Train if you lose train and You get exp . depending on moster level and your level . Level up at 100exp . Upps forgot tell friends to get so you cand do Amigo mode , tag mode and get monster eggs here only . Oh get healers of health and magic points always.And give sugar stars to blue hats to make warps .
 the game as a RPG is great its like the old FF but with a couple twist like any of the old DS games it try to use touch gaming as much as possible ! in the end its a great game .
 This game is awesome one of the best RPGs around . The concept is really cool and original a must buy for rpg fans .
 Allthought the game is kinda cartoony the game play value is continueing to grow ive played for 30hrs and still going and i havent even touch the multiplayer yet .
 This is a great game , but it 's a game that one can easily overlook . I 've encountered this game in stores several times . Most of those times , I walked away from it ; because it certainly does n't look like anything interesting on the cover . I received this game a few of days ago . My mother and I were at a Toys R Us store , so that I could receive Darkrai for my `` Pokemon Diamond '' and `` Pokemon Pearl '' games . While we were there , a sales clerk gave us a five dollar off coupon for any other Nintendo DS game . It would only last the day we were there , so mother and I looked at the DS games . I picked out the `` Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Travelers of Darkness '' , a game I 've been meaning to get my hands on -LRB- I have n't played it yet so I ca n't comment on it 's quality -RRB- . The store was out of the `` Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Travelers of Time '' game , however , so we feared that it may be out of the one I picked too -LRB- it was n't the actual game , but an empty box that we picked out to take to the front desk -RRB- . So , mother sent me to pick out another game in case they were out . `` Magical Starsign '' only popped out at me then , because it looked better than everything else on the market -LRB- which was n't much -RRB- . I was reluctant to have my mother buy it thinking it would waste her money ; but when she saw it was only around fifteen bucks , she jumped at the chance to purchase it for me . After all , it 's not unusual that DS games go for thirty , forty , or even fifty bucks . However , even though the price was n't ridiculous , it made me pessimistic ; normally , stores only sell games at those kind of prices as a desperate attempt to get rid of them . Well , it 's no use having the game if you 're not going to play it , so I took it for a spin . Here 's what I found : The Good :1 . Great characters with slight customization features . Choose to play as a boy or a girl , and select your sign light -LRB- normal difficulty with healing capabilities -RRB- or dark -LRB- hard difficulty with the ability to steal strength from your foes -RRB- . Then , you become aware of the five other main characters . Who start off being Lassi , Mokka , Chai , Pico , and Sorbet ; but you can change their names ! I named mine Windy , Coffee , Blitz , Spyro , and Charity respectively . To avoid confusion , I 'll describe them using the names given in the manual
 I just finished Magical Starsign and it was really a joy to play . I logged in 36 hours and I have n't played the multiplayer yet either . The last RPG I 've played to end was FF7 , and while this one did n't come close to its emotional depth , I thought the play was pretty similar and the fights followed the same pattern . It took me a while to really understand the role of the elements , but that might just be me being a dummy . The only detraction I could think of is the cuteness , some guys might feel a little girly playing a game with sugarstars and gummy worms . I thought it was adorable though -LRB- but I am a girl , so that might be why -RRB- . I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone , if you can get past the cute factor it 's a really good RPG to get into !
 I got this game with no expectations for it . So it came as a pleasant surprise to find out how much fun it is.Pros : - The story has a lot of comic relief while incorporating some darkerthemes as the game progresses - Excellent touch screen controls . Everything from combat to shoppingcontrols fluidly even though you are using the touch screen . This isliterally the meter stick that I compare other DS games to in terms oftheir use of the touch screen . - All of the character 's unique magics serve some genuinely usefulpurpose outside of combat , unlike most of the HM moves in Pok&eacute;mon.Also , unlike the HM moves in Pok&eacute;mon , you can use these abilities assoon as you unlock the characters - Combat is turn based . However , you can strengthen the magic attacksand increase a character 's defense by tapping with good timing , whichmakes combat surprisingly interactive . - For each of their turns , your characters will regain some of theirMP . Eventually , your characters will regain enough of their MP perturn that they can continuously spam your enemies with their lowerlevel magic attacks . This is surprisingly satisfying . However , thegame designers built the game on the assumption that you would dothis . So most of the enemies either have enough HP that this tactic isrequired for beating them or are resistant to magic -LRB- in which case youpunch them ! -RRB- . - Some boss fights are insanely difficult , even when you have a typeadvantage - There is an in battle help system that will tell you what everythingdoes . - There is an in battle icon that will show you what all the typeadvantages and disadvantages are - It took me 29 hours to get to the final boss , which is excellent fora hand held consoleCons : - All the main characters are kids/young adults . At the beginning , thecharacters are very childish . As the story progresses , however , thecharacters mature and become more tolerable . - The puzzles are way too easy . Usually it is pretty obvious whatelement you have to use to solve a puzzle . And as per usual for RPGs , all of the puzzles will revolve around the character you justunlocked . Later on in the game , it requires you to use most of thecharacters , but the wood guy is rarely ever used to solve puzzles . - The flashes that occur during combat may cause eye strain .
 after everything that has said.I got a lot of enjoyment and fun out of Magical Starsign and while the character design might not be for some . I didnt really find myself focusing on that . I was actually getting it to the characters and all that they were going through even though one of my pet peeves about leads in video games seems to be repeated here ... no voice at all . He -LRB- she -RRB- the head guy in this thing you should hear more from them and about them ... like what they are going through and what not as the adventure progresses.But again it 's not enough to keep me from enjoying the game . Where you basically start off as a student at this magical school and are waiting for class . When your teacher says that she needs to tell/show you a few things about magic casting and what not . As she promptly has to go on this very long trip and may not come back from it . This happens the students go on and the teacher doesnt come back from the trip . So they decide to `` borrow '' these rockets that are all over the school ... i have no idea why . But we 'll leave it at that.They all go their seperate ways as the lead character and one of the female characters are able to activate this gate and get access to one of the hidden rockets and take off in search of their teacher . The other students unaware at the time do the same and end up different planets throughout the planetary system . You run across and recruit them back into your party while running down the story of what happened to your teacher and more actually interesting back stories on why she left in the first place eventually come to light.The battle system is easy to use with the stylus and the menu can be accessed this way also . Magic is big in the game of course . You learn new spells both offensive and defensive throughout the game the come in very handy . You are also able to format your party in different lines . . so your more powerful -LRB- higher hit point -RRB- characters will be in the front able to fight and use magic on a single enemy . While people in the middle ca n't fight but can use magic to affect enemies all at once and the same for the back row . Which i used for the characters with the least amount of hit points to not take too much damage -LRB- still happens sometimes -RRB- . The game has a very satisfying ending and i wo n't tell it or anything . But it 's a nice send off to a game that for less than 20 dollars will occupy a good deal of your time as you from planet to planet -LRB- 7 or 8 -RRB- i believe.Its a great game and can be played by people of all ages and is easily accessible and fun to boot .
 With the flood of RPG 's for the DS , it takes quite a bit to stand out from the pack . Magical Starsign manages to accomplish this by providing some enjoyable features with tried and true RPG gameplay to provide for some solid RPG action . The first thing you 'll notice is that the game 's story is n't without it 's share of lunacy and colorful characters , which are reason enough alone to check out Magical Starsign . The overly cuteness of it all makes it easy for the game to appeal to children and even to hardcore RPG gamers , as you use the touch screen to help you explore various planets , which works well . What really hurts Magical Starsign though comes down to the game 's basic elements . The random battles can become annoying , and the game 's battle system does n't have much in terms of depth to it at all either . The quest itself is at a decent length despite the small worlds , and the multiplayer and Wi-Fi options are a nice touch as well . The overly cute look of Magical Starsign may be a turn off for some , but there is some solid RPG gameplay to be found here regardless , even though it is easy to become bored with it . That aside , Magical Starsign is an overall solid RPG for the DS that is still definitely worth checking out .
 If you are looking to be blown away by graphics , do n't buy this game . Even though the game play is solid , the graphics really are horrible . Since I do n't give a hoot about graphics , that does n't bother me a bit . This game was entertaining and has a good bit of humor too ! The front of the box does look a little cutesy , but do n't let that deter you from purchasing this game . I spent $ 30 on it at GameStop and was a little disappointed to see that is was over $ 10 cheaper on Amazon , but I still do n't feel ripped off . It starts off a tad bit too easy , but trust me . It gets harder as you progress through the game . All in all , a good solid RPG .
 Magical Starsign begins a little slowly , but soon picks up speed . Within 5-10 minutes the character is on a strange planet , fighting monsters with magic . Most of the enemies are original and thoughtful . There are more than 10 types of monster in each area , adding diversity.The level designs were thoughtful , and not too long . There are always extra chests or items to find in each area . However , if you do n't remember your mission , it can take hours to get through simple levels.All the characters were thought out , and battles are fun and challenging . Boss battles are intense , and are very long . However , there is more stategy in the boss battles than in regular ones.My only critique is that there is no replay value for the game , although there are 30-40 hours of gameplay , so it should n't bother you that much .
 its a comical rpg kinda . It 's somewhat little kiddish in it 's story but it 's still a great rpg imo.gameplay is fun aswell , if you tap on the person who 's casting a spell it makes the spell stronger like snes 's mario rpg.If your an old school rpg fan you will no doubt love this game as much as i did = -RRB-
 Very fun and addictive . Has great character development with hysterical dialogue , a great addition to any RPG fan .
 Very much like real golf . The graphics are good , lots of courses to choose from.It works with windows 7 . They even have a left handed golfer .
 very fun game , real good graphic very easy to play alot of golf course to pick from they can be hard to play
 Microsoft sold off this game some time ago and as a result some video cards may not have updated drivers to run this game . I 'm using a Nvidia GeForce 8600 GT with limited success . I understand the game runs fine with ATI cards .
 I ended up purchasing this particular game because it did n't have Tiger Woods ' face on it ... and I 'm glad I did.The game was easy to install and very easy to get up speed on ... or to get in full ` swing , ' if I dare pun.Everything is more or less fairly intuitive and you have different types of swing mechanics that you can employ . One type of swing is almost too easy and you can score well on most courses . Another kind of club swing that you perform requires pulling your mouse back and pushing hard forward to get the swing going . But be careful , too far back and you risk your alignment . Not far enough back and you do n't get the sweet spot of your swing power ! The third swing is the real-time click on the power scale , which is rather annoying for me at the moment as I try to acclimate . Hence , I use the pull/push swing method of hitting the ball.There are all kinds of game controls that help with your game and as time goes on , it gets easier to understand it all . -LRB- I use real time play to acclimate to the game functions . As I get better I start wondering about new functions than then look them up or tinker with the on screen menu that is pretty easy to use . Or , intuitively set up . -RRB- The visuals are peaceful , pretty images and adding extra courses to the game is pretty easy too.If you want to dabble in a PC game golf simulation , I think this is the perfect game , considering its age and hence , price . From there , you can figure out if you really want to drop bucks on a newer , snazzier version of this or any other golf game or if this one will do the trick for you for some time . Me , I 'm probably going to be good with this one for some time .
 When I found & ordered this Golf Game , I did n't know how it would perform on Windows 7 , but even being 9 years old , it exceeds my hopes . The graphics , physics , and versatility are great ! As I remember , there are approx . 6 courses available , and several ` swing-types ' can be used -- ' 3-click ' & one controlled by force of the mouse movement -LRB- more control , but tricky to use -RRB- Overall , a very good game .
 Tell Mr.Whatley from Montgomery Alabama , Oklahoma enjoyed the game that we handed your hat to you , that your knowledge of links was not correct.Up grade you video card and you will enjoy links better than you enjoyed the OU game !
 needs top spin and back spin features when ball is in the air on each shot but a real fun game
 I have been a huge fan of the Links golf series since playing Links 386 , now Microsoft has released its best effort to date . This application is made for the armchair golfer of all ages.The installation was simple and straight forward with no complications during the install . I was able to get the application up and running in Windows 98 , ME , 2000 and XP professional . I was impressed by the graphics and how realistic they have become from previous versions . I was also impressed by the fact that previous version courses could be converted with the utility included.Nice additions have been made with a new swing type and the addition of the putt path when you are on the green to give a better chance of sinking the long one on the first try . One thing that I found nice is the web interface connection that comes up at the intro screen ; however you do need an active connection.Loading and rendering were above average as long as you have a 3D video card and that you can tailor the game to your needs making this head and shoulders above all others out there . I also like the new addition of the `` New Record '' feature that lets you know your longest drive or putt by course or overall play.The best new feature is the fact that you can now setup and play an entire golf season , so now you can setup leagues , run tournaments and even have skins competitions all from the comfort of you own home and it cost a lot less.The game has several new courses included and there are a number of websites you can download additional courses from . Speaking of additional course I also received the Links 2003 Championship courses as well .
 Having purchased all the Links games and courses dating back to its inception , I have to unhappily admit that over the last couple years things have languished . Updates have given us more of the same great physics we 've been used to and slightly tweaked the graphic textures and added a mouse based power swing , but for myself and many there just were n't a compelling lot of improvements . That said , it is with great enthusiasm I can heartily recommend Links 2003 . It 's made playing fun again , and this is mainly attributable to the new real time mouse swing.Previously I have always been a proponent of the classic tri-click method , which while functional , is a bit sterile to interact with your golfing avatar . The new Links provides a brand new control method . You aim first in the classical method of pin placement , click an image of the club , then you have full control over your new 3D golfers swing . Move your mouse or trackball backwards to create an appropriate power percentage on backswing , then launch forward straight or slightly skewed to get your hook and slice , fade or draw . It definitely takes some time to get used to after the static method for so long . :-RRB- I had tried their powerswing implementation over the years , but always found it too cumbersome and inelegant . This way you can actually begin to gauge distances for the trackball vs the ultimate distances your shots produce . Quite nice.The graphics have continued to be tweaked as well , the interaction of different ground types has now been softened . When you 're near a bunker , the grass and sand combine to look much more lifelike than previous sharply delineated versions . Shadows have finally made an appearance and it makes quite a difference viewing the panorama as you look out at the vista of the hole in front of you . Tip
 It seems like most of the complaints here are about the online play . I do n't play online , so this review is addressed to those who do n't bother with that aspect of the game.The addition of the real time swing is enough for me to recommend this game . The double-click interface had started boring me and I never could get into Powerstroke . The putting is more difficult than clicking and I think they could have done a better job with iron play -LRB- I hit woods easier than irons in this game , which is n't what happens in real life to most golfers -RRB- . Still , I find it far more entertaining than the click method . The graphics look better than 2001 , at least on my system -LRB- AMD 1.2 Thunderbird with an ATI 8500 video card -RRB- and I do n't have any delays in loading screens . That could be because I have 512 Meg of RAM . Those with just 128 Meg may be doing a lot of watching . There have been complaints about the sound , but I do n't pay much attention to that aspecte of the game anyway.I 've played the 2002 version of Tiger Woods a few times . In comparison to Links , the 3D look of TW adds quite a bit to the game . Unfortunately , most of the courses for that game look the same to me and you can not save a game in progress in career mode . It lets you save it , but does n't carry over the statistics . I lost interest in the game after discovering that . You can save a game in progress in the Links2003 career mode and it carries over the stats . The courses for L2003 have far more variety than the TW ones , although they are n't 3D . In sum , I do n't think this is a must-have upgrade like 2001 was , but it is a solid effort . It also comes with a -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate for previous owners of the game . I received that check less than a month after purchasing the game . Say what you want to about the `` Evil Empire , '' but they do a good job with those rebates .
 I 'm by no means an expert golfer but I love this game after playing the downloadable demo . It seems relatively easy but the real time swing is a pain . If you have the room to work with it then you should like the real-time swing . I have seen a lot of complaints about redraw . I have had no problems here as it seems to redraw faster than you can blink . I run it on Win-XP Pro , Pentium 4 3.06 , 1-gig rambus ram , G-Force 4800 TI 128-MB video card @ 1024X768-32 . Again I 'm no expert being the only golf games I have played are MS Golf 1999 and MS Golf 2001 . I will say that this is a vast improvement over those games .
 This is a game I will have for years . With the ability to add additional courses , play online , and make the play as difficult as your skill level , Links 2003 is about as good as it gets . The courses are beautiful , and well designed . If you are hooked on a game being linked to a big name golfer , this is n't your game . If you are looking for superior play and graphics , this is your game.Any game that can make me angry and I keep comming back for more abuse because it is so fun is a keeper .
 Visually very similar to Links 2001 and the new real time swing type is usless . But powerstroke still rules and playing skins with my friends in Sweden is great fun . I 'm playing on the champ level and the game really punishes you for incosistent swings , just like real life.If you ca n't do the real thing for whatever reason , this is the second best thing and there are tons of great courses to download of the net.Highly recommended .
 While Championship Links provides the Arnold Palmer course designer plus 20 more courses , this version is all you need ! There are thousands of free courses to download and play online or play one of several computer opponents . Although Microsoft abandoned support almost immediately after its release , L2003 has been a work in progress and the game `` grows on '' with the strength of its army of passionate users . The software has had many updates to complex issues by the Links 2003 user community and is now a solid stable software with unsurpassed graphics and incredible courses!Support via the online Links Server Group offers all the free courses , gaming , and program patches you 'll ever need now or in the future . Nowhere have I seen so many trident followers of a piece of gaming software than with L2003 . Nowhere have I seen a community become a piece of software and vice versa . If you like golf you 'll love this game . If you love golf then this is a no-brainer .
 Great game ! My boyfriend loves it ! Worth the money !
 in this version of Leisure suit Larry you 'll see more detail and more `` action '' then the original version . So for those who want to have some fun with a PC game where you need to sleep with surch beatyfull woman ... . it 's your game !!!!
 This game rocks !!!!!! You get to do the girls you did ` ent get to do in the first one .
 NUDE , NUDE , NUDE . LEISURE SUIT LARRY UNENSORED AND UNCUT IS ONE OF THE BEST FUNNY AND HILARIOUS GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED . I LIKED IT CAUSE UNLIKE THE SIMS IT DOES N'T HAVE CENSORED PARTS OF THE BODY . I AS A LONG TIME GAMER FOR NEARLY 20 YEARS THIS IS THE ONLY GAME I PLAYED PORTRAYING SEX SHOWING THE DIFFERENT PARTS OF THE HUMAN BODY . I DO N'T WANT TO SPOIL ANYTHING ABOUT IT JUST BUY IT AND I GUARANTEE YOU 'LL LIKE HOW THEY DO SEX.I LOVE LEISURE SUIT LARRY ...
 This is a great game!It 's funny as all get out!It 's also a good thing I work for myself as I ca n't keep playing it while in my home office!Watch the nerdy little feller get the hot chicks !! It 's a Ball !
 I had heard of the leisure suit larry series since I was just a boy but had never seen the pc versions . I did n't look hard though . So when I saw this game on the shelf , I had to rent it . I have since played one of the older ones and althoug this new one is not like the others it is fun . I understand that the older folks are disappointed and hate this game . But do n't all old people lose reality on what is FUN as they get older ? This game is all about drinking and getting laid . After a few close encounters it makes you want to jump on the PS2 right after work or hurry to put the baby down for a nap so you can accomplish getting laid . Married men who do n't get it much should love this game . Yes I fall into that category haha . My wife is a prude but she is addicted to this game and she even has the girls rated from hottest to least doable . Imagine my suprise when she played and would n't put it down to come to bed . This game is fun and deserves to be played and purchased by everyone if for no other reason for them to create a sequel . The uncut version is recommended for childless families .
 Larry is one of the funniest computer games that I 've ever played . The dialoge is funny , the women are great looking , and Larry is a hoot . The main difference between the uncut version , and the regular version is the nudity . The uncut version means it 's uncut . You see full frontal nudity from the girls , but also from Larry . Sure , the game can sometimes drag on because of the minigames , but all in all it 's one hell of a ride that everyone should take .
 `` Leisure Suit Larry
 Leisure Suit Larry
 The title of this game is `` Leisure Suit Larry
 Before you buy this game , you should adjust your expectations a bit . It is not a cartoon porn show . Larry does n't score with all the girls -LRB- at least the first time through the game -RRB- . This game is a comedy , kind of like role playing in an American Pie or Porkys movie.I think some people get too uptight over losing the minigames . This is not a game that you should get a competitive attitude about . It 's fun to lose some of the games as well -LRB- like if you goof in the game in conversation , Larry says some hilarious things -RRB- . And if you lose a minigame , no big deal , you lose some of your confidence score . Confidence can easily be gained back by drinking more beer . If a game gets boring , you can cash in `` secret tokens '' to bypass the game . It 's incredibly easy to get the tokens . They are hidden all over campus and you earn them by passing minigames . The game is generous enough in handing out tokens that you will never be stuck in a minigame that you do n't want to play . Money is also easy to get . It 's hidden all over , and you can always go to the quarters table on the frat house porch and win money and get a free buzz . Thus , this game is intended to be an entertainment venue , and not a big competition.So , part of the game involves sharing Larry 's frustration . Understand that . Laugh at some of the funny endings when Larry ALMOST scores . It took me about 8 hours of gameplay before I saw my first topless scene , but it makes the game fun to see Larry finally get to 2nd base . -LRB- If you do things in a different order or are faster at the minigames , I could see you reaching that point maybe after 4 hours -RRB- . The minigames add a lot to the game -LRB- otherwise every encounter with a woman would be over with in 5 minutes , and you 'd finish the game on the first night -RRB- . I do n't want to spoil the game by mentioning some of the funny stuff , but trust me , it 's hillarious . Also , do n't get too frustrated , the game seems to get racier as you progress through the levels.I have n't finished the game yet , but this is a game that I look forward to playing every night . It 's the perfect game to load up after a hard day at work after you 've had a beer or two and want to relax . If you want a complex strategy game , look elsewhere . If you want to laugh and be entertained , get this game . Also , definitely get the uncensored version . I 've seen the other version , and it 's incredibly lame to see those `` CENSORED '' bars.I hope they make a sequel to this game , because it has provided me with many hours of entertainment , and I still have n't finished yet.Ok , I know this review was very disjointed , but I 'm in a bit of a hurry . Lubla is waiting for me at the trampolines :-RRB- If you 've read this far , I know you want the game , so just order it right now .
 This is a great game ! Sure I read the reviews from others that Magnum Cum Laude is nothing more than a string of mini games ... ??? But I took a chance and boy am I glad I did . This game is so much more than I expected . It is definitely NOT Cheesy or poorly conceived . My best description of it is an adult uncensored version in the likes of Zelda or Link . After all in Zelda you had to master several different opponents by playing a mini game within a game . The same pricipal is used in Leisure Suit Larry Magnum Cum Laude . The only difference is that instead of trying to `` kill a bad guy '' you are trying to `` make it '' with a college hottie and there certainly are a lot of hotties in this game ! You also have to perform certain tasks that have you moving all over the virtual worlds just like in Zelda . Again instead of trying to `` save the world '' you 're simply trying to get laid ! or to catch a glimpse of some incredible T&A . The only thing worth mentioning that may or may not be of concern is that the game takes up a minimum of 3.5 Gig . For some with slow or older systems with small disk drives this could be a concern but if you look at it like I did . Wow the game has 4 disks and requires a minimum of 3.5 Gig . It has to be one heck of an involved game and that is most certainly what it is . To those who are slamming it I can only surmise that you bought it expecting for some quick sexual relief and when you saw that it actualy required a brain and some coordination that bothered you . Personally I 'm glad the game is so much more than I expected . I have been up every night until 3:30 AM playing this game just to see what will happen next because according to some `` cheat code '' sites on the net after you beat the game is when it really gets good ! You then start over and things really heat up !!! If you 're over 18 and enjoy both a mental challenge and the titilating stimulation of seeing incredible -LRB- although animated -RRB- HOT college girls in full frontal nudity then buy this game you will not be disappointed .
 Overall I enjoy this game . Although it is not exactly what I expected it to be . The game is sexy and funny at the same time . I could do without the arcade style mini-games that you have to go through in order to advance in the game . I would have prefered more of a strategy style game were your decisions on what Larry should say and do would determine how far you advanced .
 This is one of the funniest games I haver played and would recomend it to anyone with a sense of humor and open minded about sex issues because that is what the game is about , teen sex ... But they really blew it with the controlo designs . Some of the mini games are almost impossible due to this . That issue set aside , I just love this game .
 ... Would n't you like to be a Sim too?For those who have enjoyed the Sims throughout each expansion pack , Sims Online offers a great way to take advantage of all our favorite activities , find new ones , and meet fellow Simfreaks while we 're at it ! Some compare this to a glorified chatroom , and there is that ability , but how many chatrooms let you host a dancing party where everyone dresses in togas and silly hats , and where you can get skill points for riding a mechanical bull ? And where you can make money by making pizza or bashing pinatas ? When was the last time you entered a chatroom to share a four-person bubble `` bong '' , fart , belch , weave drunkenly around the room , perform some smooth moves for the hottie in the corner , and chat in real-time during the whole thing ? Yeah , exactly . And that 's only a fraction of what Sims Online offers.This game almost forces you to be social , unless you want to spend the next few months building up a solitary empire . It takes a considerable amount of time to build up high skill levels in each skill , which is both an advantage -LRB- you wo n't have played the game out in a weekend -RRB- and a disadvantage -LRB- it takes literally all day to max out on a skill ! Plus you have to maintain each skill against decay -RRB- . While you 're spending time looking for the busiest place to build your creativity or your mechanical prowess , you still take care of the regular stuff
 I love TSO but why is the game up for sale when the game is no more EA shut it down long ago . But still it was fun to play and miss by all who played
 I ca n't believe that Amazon is selling this game . This is for an online version that shut down in 2008 . If you are buying it as a collector great , otherwise its a useless box with a CD , a key chain and a certificate inside .
 I LOVE this freaking game . It is ridiculous . People who are looking for pre-made downtown areas and jobs and cookie cutter people are just not seeing the point ! It is a totally user created world ! Every other Sim out there is a real person , so you may not like them all , thats part of building the social network ! As far as jobs , yes there are the sometimes mundane job objects ... but the best way to make money is to build a creative property and entice people to visit and interact there . As the game grows , downtown areas will be built naturally where there are masses of established properties . And , these established properties will `` hire '' other sims to entertain and perform services . Do you really want your sim to just dissapear to a job where you do n't know where he is and ca n't control what he 's doing like in the regular sims ? No , we are building a mini-economy here and jobs surface in situations according to need just like the real world!If you like a challenge , are creative and like to think outside the box , you will LOVE The Sims Online !
 I 'm not your typical gamer . I 'm 30 something , married and with a toddler but I love the Sim PC games and play them with a passion.So when the Sims Online team back in Aug '02 asked me to help Beta test for free , I jumped at the chance . Luckily I have Cable Internet because I do n't know how the dial-up people do it.I love playing the game , I love to interact with people all over the world and have made several friends too . It 's amazing how many married women with children I have met playing TSO!But unfortunately , as with any game you become bored with it . And that 's where I am now . My character is a Millionairess , and I do n't see the point of sitting there reading and working out for hours on end to gain skills which in the end help you earn money . Been there , done that already.So I have created my own games within the games . Like Hide and Seek and the Amazing Sim Race which mirrors the Amazing Race on CBS but you play in Singles vs Pairs . But mostly I just visit my friends and help them in their houses by keeping up the conversations , clean , water the plants , etc. I bought the Charter addition because you get 90 days free ... . So if you are going to play the game for 3 months , why not get the extra benefits with the Charter ? Then you can decide if you want to cancel before they start charging the -LSB- monthly -RSB- fee.I do n't see how anyone can judge the game in just one month.What else is great is that Maxis is constantly improving the game by adding features and objects . So I will hang around a little while longer to see what else they have coming out .
 TSO closed 8/1/2008 and years later i buy the charter edition ... well yeaa i did because im a huge sims fan and collector and this edition has extra and rare items that i thought would be great ... but i would just save the money lol ... seller was great too no problems !
 in this game you have another life . its fun when you can create your own charachters . you can make him or her look like a polar bear or an alien , and best -LRB- whitch cant get inside anywhere ! -RRB- , a clown . also the sims online taught me alot of new things . i also got to play poker at a casino thing . it was cool.you can also chat but they will say weird things you never heard . also i got to go in jacuzzis and go to weddinngs . i am ten but in the game i told them that my real life age was 21 ! this game is fun . BUY IT !
 THis game rocks !!!! You can meet new people , build your dream house and even go on dates . You can even have a real life roommate . This is the best game I would reccomend it to everyone.So go out and buy it .
 First let me assure you that things like skill decay , not getting into your own house and other complaints issued on this page have been dealt with.I have been a beta tester for over 2 months and the game has come a long way . It is the Sims with the added value of having real people instead of just artificial Intelligence . You make of the game what you want , one review stated that . That is probably the most truthful statement I have heard so far . Go for the money , the stuff you can buy , to be the most skillfull or have the most friends . Truthfully I play for the friends . Many of the Sims you will play with will become real friends !
 It is one of the best games i have played online it is the best but it is very close the good thing about the sims online is you get to chat to other sims player aswell and a lot more to do than just play the oringal sim game it is one on the best think that has happened to computer historyAND THAT IS A FACT !!!
 If you have a life , be careful about buying The Sims Online . Do n't let the bad reviews fool you , this is a good game . I almost did not buy The Sims Online because of it being called `` A chat room that costs $ 10 a month . '' If it was boring as some say , would 100,000 people play this game ? Nope.This game will take away time from your real life . You might lose friends , your job and social life . My online friend is even trying to get The Sims Online just to chat with me!Making your Sim is much easier than ever ! No more of the boring clicking arrows to see all the outfits/heads . They are now thumbnails . You can make a human Sim or make a bear , -LRB- polar , brown , or black bear -RRB- alien , even a robot . Bears , aliens , and robots can not do anything humans ca n't . Do n't worry about bears mauling you ! You can not set any personality . After all , you are the one controlling everything he/she does . That is right , no more `` free will . '' But do n't worry , your Sim 's moods drop three times slower.This is not just a big animated chat room . You can build a house , skill center , or park , whatever you want ! You do not have unlimited money , you must work for it . Your first instinct as a The Sims player is to look in the paper for a job . Say goodbye to carpools and then zooming off to work . You now have to skill -LRB- it takes several real life hours but good people make it fun -RRB- then make money on a job object . Some are easy but slow . Others , you must work with others . You can also find people looking for a maid or repairman . Anything you do for making money is fun . Almost.There is now a `` death '' feature in the game . Your Sim can die from electrocution , drowning , and starving . Do n't worry , you can get revived or stay a ghost . Being a ghost is fun for a while but gets boring after a while.There are also clothing racks . You can now buy your Sim new clothes from daywear , PJ 's , lingerie , swimwear , and formal outfits . Very fun when you get bored with your Sim 's clothes.There is a lack of economy in The Sims Online . Everywhere you go has free food , showers , even beds and hotel rooms at times . However , players are working on an economy . Another thing is a new program called `` HUD '' that allows people that have an extra -LSB- $ $ -RSB- lying around to get a size 8 lot . Making money is boring when everyone is away from the game . It is annoying when you are playing in the middle of the night or some other time for those outside of the US when the servers go down for maintenance . The Social meter is sometimes annoying if you are staying at your house waiting for people to come . Those are the only bad things about The Sims Online.As for graphics , it is better than The Sims slightly . There is a new and better looking UCP -LRB- Universal Control Panel -RRB- and buy/build modes . Other than that , same graphics as the 3 year old game.The sound is pretty good . It is sometimes funny when your Sim sings in the shower . I like the music but to others , it is repetitive and annoying . There is less of the famous gibberish that Sims make . There are user-made radios that some listen to.As for the bonus stuff with the Charter Edition , you get a certificate , 2 more months free , a key chain , a magnet , and a soundtrack CD . The CD has some nice music on it . All of it from the game . The colored manual with hot keys is very convenient.Overall , this game is very fun . Like I said , do not listen to the bad reviews . People that love the game would rather play than write a review . Maxis/EA is now offering a free 14 days to play . Before buying The Sims Online , you should go to ... -LRB- the official website -RRB- to download and play for 14 days free to see if you like it before you buy the game . It is better than paying -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for a game you do n't like .
 If you 're dazzled by graphics and videos or guns and missles , you probably wo n't like this game . If you crash 2 planes into one another , there 's no little video of planes falling to the ground in flames like a previous ATC sim , they just disapear off the screen and you get fired when the scenario is over . I LOVE this game , it 's a completly accurate simulation , where you control arriving and departing planes into and out of airports . The game ships with 48 different areas to control , and it 's all accuratly simulated , you see and do exactly what the real ATC 's see and do . But what makes this game stand out is the ability to tell the pilots what to do . Instead of using menus , or the mouse , you actually say `` United 1986 climb and maintain one zero thousand '' or `` Southwest 2155 cleard visual approach runway 22 , contact tower 118.3 '' as long as you have a microphone . If you do not want to use the speech recognition , you would probably not like the game as much , but I still use the keyboard to control planes when it gets really busy .
 Dear consumer , This ad is presenting false information.ATCsimulator -LRB- r -RRB- 1.5 sells for $ 19.99 + -LRB- 3.85 shipping/handling -RRB- ATCsimulator -LRB- r -RRB- 2.0 sells for $ 39.99 + -LRB- 5.40 shipping/handling -RRB- the first 1000 orders of 2.0 will receive a free ATCsimulator2 t-shirt . Visit http://www.atcsimulator.com for more information
 Strategy Pack 6 is a collection of 6 strategy games for the Mac . The best of the lot is Europa Universalis II . The version on this disc does n't need the patch that came out during it 's previous release . You can gain an empire or be lost in the history of time.Highly recommended
 Q4 is really a long awaited continuation of the very successful Q2 . Those of us that enjoyed Q2 immensely , and were very disappointed that Q3 had no single player , have been waiting long for another chance to reek havoc on the Strogg homeworld!The look of Q4 is a perfect blend of old and new . The designers did an exceptional job in designing the new game to be a fresh experience , while maintaining the essence from Q2 . The same dark industrial look of Q2 is brilliantly carried into Q4 . The Strogg supply boxes we have all come to know , and hide behind , are just one of the environmental elements carried over . Deadly red laser beams , massive hatches , pipes and bridges . The feel of being in the belly of an industrial war machine is palpable ! The overall scale of the single player world is massive ! Though most of the fighting takes place in dark , some times cramped interiors , there are many good sized areas and even a few battles that take place in large outdoor areas -LRB- With heavy war machines -RRB- . Be warned though , if you hate elevators , there are many , many , many lifts !! I would give Q4 a 10 out of 10 for blending the old with the new to create a truly immersive single player environment!Compared to other games like Halo -LRB- Not really fair -RRB- about a 7 out of 10 . As for the single player path , again this is a continuation and improvement on Q2 . I have always been partial to the mission based single player path . Q2 was great in this respect , with the computer constantly updating you as to your next mission . Q4 is a quantum leap in this area ! Yes you could get annoyed with the `` Mouse in the maze '' way that you are directed down the path , i.e. there is only really one way to go at any one time . But this is nicely tempered by the awesome effects and animations ! Your fellow soldiers are very animated -LRB- Pun intended -RRB- it is worth hanging out when you get near them , they talk freely about the Strogg , how the war is going , and many have humorous personalities , like Strauss who is so full of himself , that to listen to him you would get the impression he is single handedly winning the war !! Most of the missions were interesting , and made for great plot driven action !! The story is dark , grim and gory !! In some ways more so than the original ! The Stroggification of Kane went on -LRB- Imho -RRB- about 30 seconds too long ! I mean we get the idea how horribly he was mangled by the Strogg , and just when you think they have finished making this point , they jab , stab and slice him up some more !!! . maybe I am getting old ? But I think they could have toned it down a bit.The Strogg menagerie is again a perfect blend of old and new . Several of the old Strogg reappear in more deadly forms . All of them look superb , with this new 3D engine !! The Stroggified marine looks the most like a `` Borg '' , though it pays to remember that the Strogg came first !!! The Berserker , the dude with a long spike instead of a right hand and a mace for a left hand , is quick and deadly in tight spaces !! One of the creatures that truly freaked my @ # $ % out in Q2 , when ever I ran into one I would start muttering '' @ # $ % !! @ # $ % !! @ # $ % !! '' because they would gallop up to you and start whacking you with that wicked metal cable/tongue , making that horrible sound !! ** Shiver ** This creature has been replaced by a bigger , burlier dog-thing . This creature , called a Teleport Dropper , inspires a different kind of terror . . it comes with in range , and starts shaking it 's back like a wet dog . The effect is that it starts popping teleport balls onto the floor , which summon many Strogg freaks !!! The beast itself is fairly tough , so the longer it takes for you to kill it , the more Strogg freaks you will have to contend with !! The most wicked `` Upgrade '' goes to the Iron Maidens , they are vastly more wicked than in Q2 . Though they are not physically that tough , they can teleport ! But the really wicked thing about them is that they have a screaming `` Banshee '' wail that totally messes with your ears and brain !!!! If you get caught in the blast radius of one of the audio blasts , you lose your hearing -LRB- Temp -RRB- and your vision begins to blur/waver !!! It is best to keep out of their range , until the right moment !! Including some small `` Boss 's '' there are some 17 different Strogg types you will encounter , they are all very cool looking and wicked in their own way . The worst scenarios are when you have to battle 6 or more types at once !!! The most devastating Strogg unit -LRB- Boss 's aside -RRB- is the Tactical Strogg Elite Soldier . These guys are what Kane get 's turned into . The AI really works with these guys !!! They move in tight squads , use a variety of weapons and have deadly accuracy , imagine fighting yourself X 6 !!! After dying horribly many times , I came to this conclusion , snipe as many with the railgun from a distance as possible , when one rushes you , switch to shotgun !! The weapons are also a best of old and new blend !! All the favorites are here , sans the BFG , which has been replaced by an even cooler Dark Matter Gun !!! Which shoots mini-black holes !!! The immediate noticeable difference of the weapons is due to new gaming technology , they look cooler and sound awesome !! The game difference is accuracy and tech upgrades ! As the game advances along , you run into marine techs who offer to upgrade your weapons -LRB- One at a time -RRB- and increase the rate of fire and or clip capacity !!! The game , for the most part , provides plenty of weapons and ammo as you go . I have always been a hoarder of ammo , and will usually stick to simple weapons like the shotgun and machine gun , saving my rockets , grenades and dark matter charges for the `` Big stuff '' . Grenades for the grenade launcher were the only ammo I felt disappointed in a lack of ! . I love the grenade launcher !!! One major difference between Q2 and Q4 is the arcade like segments that break up the game , in spots . Over all I think this is a great addition , and gets you out of the killing things in dark corridors rut . . I was a little annoyed at the `` You are locked into the vehicle for the duration '' method of control , but that 's because I have been spoiled by Halo 's continuous seamless environment , where you can slip in and out of vehicles at will . That small criticism aside , I think it is a refreshing change to the killing things in dark corridors rut !! And adds a much appreciated dimension to an already wicked cool game !! I have not played Doom3 , but I have heard that the , `` something just dropped in behind me '' thing get 's really old , quick . Q4 does not pull those kind of `` Cheap shots '' . In this regard it is virtually identical to Q2 . The old , step into a room , activate the charging screaming ghouls , then step back and blast away !! ... same as it ever was ... and that 's okay !! I prefer that to the flanking BS , that even Halo would pull on you !! That having been said , you do get in larger rooms/areas where you are being shot at from multiple levels/directions .
 As a middle aged woman , who is just returning to college , I 'm really not your typical game player . I have Quake 4 for my Mac laptop , OSX 10.5.6 , and it runs just fine . I 'm not really into gaming that much , I was just curious what all the fuss was about . I 've sort of surprised myself by really getting into it ! The graphics are good , the sound great , and the general game atmosphere is pretty ominous , and sometimes downright scary ! I 'll admit , sometimes I just have to stop for a minute . I do n't really have much to compare it too , although I have played Alien vs. Predator on my PC , and did n't enjoy it nearly as much . So my review ? It 's a fun way to take a break from actually working on the computer .
 Those of us who are fortunate enough to have a mac , and have ever played Doom 3 on it will know that Doom 3 , id softwares last games was horrible . No plot , monsters jumping every which way out of closets , and who knows where else . Let me get this striagh , this is totally different . No dark hallways where you can see the gun in front of you , no more ambushes by zombies and demons and whatnot , Quake 4 is an awesome , incredible shooter . The voice acting and constant action combine to make a gaming experience that no other game can match . If you have a Mac , this is a game you must get .
 I was concerned about getting a graphics based game for a Mac -LRB- traditionally not a gaming machine -RRB- , however the Intel chipset and Universal software made for a great gaming experience .
 I purchased this game to add a little FPS mayhem to my growing collection and I am really pleased with it so far . I set all graphic options to max and Q4 runs smooth as silk on my MBP -LRB- 13.3 '' , OS-X 10.6.5 , 4 GB ram , nVidia 9400M -RRB- . Graphically it can not come close to COD but the detail is still very high.This game is definitely worth trying out if you like FPS .
 I recently made the switch from Windows PCs to Mac 's and was looking for a game that would show me the capablities of the IMac-24 so far as video was concerned . I was not disappointed with this game . The visuals are very impressive as is the action . If you like first-person shooter games this one will definitely entertain you . The system I have is an iMac-24 with the 2.66 GHZ Intel processor and the NVIDIA 9400 graphics built-in chip . The game plays very smoothly and I highly recommend it for this configuration with one caveat
 I got it yesterday , played it for hours . My mac does not meet the min . requirements for CPU :1.47 Ghz G4 -LRB- upgraded Digital Audio G4 powermac -RRB- Radeon 9800 Pro 128MB -LRB- PC version flashed for mac -RRB- 1.0 GB PC133 RAMRAID 0 Array w/2 7200rpm drivesI think my Radeon 9800 makes up a little bit for the missing CPU mhz , but this game is making me want a G5 or Core Duo mac a lot more . Too bad they cost so much.I play at 800x600 , low quality , shadows off . Very playable in the indoor levels , very slow in outdoor large-scale battles . Framerate goes as high as 60 fps indoors , as low as 8 fps during heavy fights in/outdoors . Id says a patch -LRB- v1 .2 ? -RRB- is coming soon `` that will increase framerates at lower resolutions '' which means on my computer : -RRB- Good news
 I 'm glad I finally bought this game . I was disapointed with Quake 3 when they went the UT route and made the game without a single player mission . This one rocks . The story is good the game play is outstanding . On a 1st Generation Mac Pro Quad 3GHz with only the stock 1GB RAM and the stock GT7300 the action is smooth . Now if the UT programmers would make one for the Mac -LRB- and PC I suppose -RRB- with a good single player mission we 'd have more to cheer about .
 This game will make you quake in your slippers while you play it . Good suspense , action and overall an exciting game for most ages .
 If you have a computer able to run it , get it . some of the boss ' are pretty tough , but it is a good game . If only Marathon ran on OSX .
 Great Graphcs very fast game play they got it right with this one!I had to update all my computers Mac and PC 's to get teh very best out of this game bet it was well worth it!This game looks great on my new 20 '' G5 iMac WOW!I was one of the best in New York City I ran my own server -LRB- Technoinnuendo -RRB- `` B ___ h in a body bag '' was my players name . I just got a new server and will be back up and running soon to kill all that dare enter!LOL ... Frag ya later!Love the game ...
 I own several computer solitaire games , and Burning Monkey Solitaire is by far my favorite . I love the antics of the monkeys , the music , and the wide variety of solitaire games from which to choose . The music fits the tenor of the game perfectly , but you can include your own mp3 files if you would prefer other music . I love the online statistics - a real challenge to move up in the ranks . There are lots of `` Easter eggs '' too - suprise animations that activate when clicking specific areas of the board or typing names . If your computer is online , the monkey 's jokes get updated frequently , so they are always fresh . -LRB- I mean the jokes are always fresh , but then so are the monkeys . -RRB- Burning Monkey Solitaire is entertaining , addictive , and just plain fun . Great fun for any age .
 Apparently the guy from Gaithersburg has a standard all his own . I do n't see how anyone would not enjoy BMS . Who in their right mind knows 26 versions of Solitaire ? I did n't . Now I have even more ways to distract myself . Luckily I 'm self-employed . The graphics are great , the monkeys are so well done that I show my friends the antics -LRB- and eventually I do turn them off when playing ... after I 've heard them all a few times -RRB- , the card playing is seamless , and the help menus effective . I 'm so happy with this game I 've bought all three versions of it , and am also a fan of the Burning Monkey Mahjong Solitaire .
 If you like solitaire you will love this game ! The graphics are amazing and there are so many games to play , you 'll never be bored . As an extra addition , you can be ranked online with the other players . You will find yourself competing to become # 1 in the game of your choice and there is a webpage to keep track of your games -LRB- and your cheats ! -RRB- The monkeys are a hoot a minute and the jokes get updated . Loads of easter eggs too . A MUST HAVE !
 How could you NOT enjoy a game with Burning Monkeys ? Want to know why ? ... select the ` Why Burning ? ' menu option or type ` burn ' into the playing window . I really disliked most solitaire card games , but this game got me hooked . Just when you think you ca n't win , a monkey asks , `` What 's the time called between stepping on a banana peel and hitting the ground ? '' ... another answers , `` 1 bananosecond ! '' ... got to love it ... and the jokes automatically update if you 've got an internet connection .
 I Love this game ... I ca n't get enough ... jokes update , online scores so you can show your the best ... I do n't see how anyone would n't like this game !!!
 Having owned versions One and Two of Burning Monkey Solitaire I was sure that version three would not let me down . From the minute I started the game I found it to be the most entertaining version yet ! Great game variations , beautiful graphics , and fantastic music ! Most of all , this version includes more laughs from those lovable monkeys . What fun ! Even my kids enjoy this game ! And who would n't ? Great job Freeverse ! You have a customer for life !
 Burning Monkey Solitaire ca n't really be compared to other solitaire games . Twenty-six different types of solitaire will keep you occupied for years , and the humor will keep you coming back for more . Cute clever characters are entertaining and easter eggs will help relieve frustration in a difficult game . From cheating options to the ability to `` fetch a winnable game , '' the game is customizable beyond belief . This game is recommended to all !
 IVE BEEN PLAYING A LOT OF GAMES EVEN I WOULD RECOMMAND BURNINGMONKEY TO ANY OF THE KIDS THAT REALLY LOVES SOLITARE .
 My 7 year old received this as a Xmas gift and we just took it out for the first time . I like the way it fits on top of the Gamecube and folds down so it does n't take up more room . The graphics are not fabulous , I find the screen to be a bit dark and cloudy but our 7 yr and 6 yr old sons do n't seem to mind . It comes with all the necessary connections including a car adaptor and a VERY short av cable . The only negative is that the av cables do n't fit snuggly in the jacks . After only one use in the car the yellow cable is extremely loose and either wo n't stay in the jack or the cable itself is pulled loose . I ca n't seem to find a replacement av cable -LRB- one this short - approx 1-2 inches -RRB- . I will have to result to using the one that came with the Gamecube with a 6 ft cable and wire tie the excess length . I do n't think it will be a big problem but the shorter cable is a lot more convenient . Actually , GC 's av cable fits much much better so this may be the only way to go . Overall , if you have kids who still want to use GC while on the road you ca n't beat this for the price . I may just buy another one as a backup -LRB- and for the short av cable -RRB- !!!
 This piece of the portable gamecube works very well to provide power to the Gamecube and the Interact Mobile Monitor -LRB- Sold Separately -RRB- . It can be charged off of the gamecube AC Charger that comes with the Gamecube or a DC Charger -LRB- Sold Separately , Mobile Monitor has one -RRB- . I am a little upset about the 1.5 hour battery life , but if you have the car DC or the home AC charger , it is fine though because you can charge the battery while playing -LRB- make sure switch is on when charging and playing , off if charging only -RRB- . The wires it includes is the built in power to the gamecube and the circular mobile monitor -LRB- will add image -RRB- . Overall I am very happy with it , one star off for short battery life .
 This combination pack produced for NovaLogic by Electronic Arts includes the CD-Rom 's for F-16 Multi-Role Fighter , F-22 Raptor and Mig-29 Fulcrum . F-22 Raptor is a basic arcade type game which allows for lots of shooting and bombing with marginal realism . It 's chief defect is clumsy throttle control that makes landing risky -LCB- although the game seems to be designed to end after the completion of mission objectives while still airborne -RRB- . The other two are more realistic -LRB- although still arcade games rather than simulations -RRB- and lots of fun . Each game provides a series of training missions to familiarize the pilot with the aircraft and its systems , single missions to try out the skills learned and a series of campaigns in various parts of the world to provide combat experience.The flight model is not overly demanding and can be quickly mastered . The joystick buttons are a little unrelistic but can be also mastered quickly . Graphic quality is fair on Raptor and good on Mig-29 and F-16 MRF.In sum , these games are a lot of fun for the casual player and the beginner . The price is a great bargain , three full games for the price most single games sell for in stores after they have been on the shelf for a while . For the serious enthusiast , start here to learn , try Janes ' USAF as your intermidiate training , and when you are ready to really fly , move up to MicroProse Falcon 4.0 which is a true aircraft simulation -LRB- and very challenging -RRB- .
 I bought The Jet Pack becvause with the Flight Simulator add-on military planes you cant shoot
 Sequel to the bestselling AH-64D Longbow , Longbow 2 is new and improved in every way ! Now you can also pilot the Kiowa Warrior and the Blackhawk . Graphics engine is now 3D accelerated for further visual quality , and a new true dynamic campaign engine has been added for infinite variety of missions ! Things actually happen around you in the battlefield ! Watch your forces attack and enemy counterattacks while you interdict supply convoys and engage enemy forces ... !
 Be clear - Longbow 2 is an OLD game - I bought it in college , nearly 10 years ago.To this date , it is still the most complete , authentic , and REALISTIC helicopter combat simulator EVER . Janes Simulations is not limited to video games - in fact , video games is at best a `` side job '' for Janes . Janes is known very well by the military , as they produce EXTREMELY detailed guides on combat vehicles , weapons systems , and keeps our military informed of evolving technologies.Who better else then to take that knowledge and built a combat simulator ? Janes states that trained Apache Longbow pilots have `` played '' Longbow 2 to ensure it 's realism and authenticity . I 'd tend to believe them.From mission to mission , Longbow 2 will constantly challenge you to fight harder , to try new strategies , new systems ... There is far more here than one can truly use , but luckily Longbow 2 puts a few systems on `` automatic '' to help you out . After all , the Longbow helo is a two-pilot craft . With well over 100 different keyboard commands , there is a lot to keep track of . I used to always tell people that some keyboard keys - ` F ' being one of them - has FOUR different functions . Make sure you get a copy with the original box contents , or you might be lost ! How detailed are the controls ? You can shut down each engine of the helo independently , you can shut down all computer systems , you can disengage the rotor drive assembly , apply a rotor brake - you can do EVERYTHING . Do n't be scared off however - Longbow 2 can be dialed down for younger or inexperienced players . You can even use arcade physics for flying - which for example will keep the helicopter from losing altitude when you pitch forward -LRB- whereas in expert mode , additional collective must be applied to maintaing altitude while increasing forward speed . -RRB- The mission structure of Longbow 2 is pretty simple to understand , and again allows for immersion at different levels . You can add checkpoints during mission briefing , locate targets-of-opportunity , and greatly affect the ongoing battle . Missions are n't exclusive , either . Often times you 'll stay in one local for 15 + missions , and one will merge into the next . Also from time to time you 'll leave behind the technical marvel that is the AH-64D Longbow and instead run recon missions in a Kiowa helo , or insertion/extraction missions in the Blackhawk . These missions can often be boring as you generally AVOID combat , but they do break up the action a little bit , and especially with the Blackhawk missions , allow some `` digital sight-seeing . `` A quick suggestion - get a GOOD joystick to play this game - one that has a hat button , multiple -LRB- 8 or more -RRB- buttons , a rotating Z-axis , and a throttle/collective slider . There are a number of these on the market and though they can be pricey , they are a GOD-SEND in this game . The rotating Z-axis will give you instant and variable rudder control , while the throttle slider gives you - again - instant and variable altitude/speed control . Once your hands learn to do what your mind is thinking , flying the AH-64D becomes almost second-nature . You 'll start to think you can fly a REAL helicopter !!
 i have windows 7 and have not yet found a way to download LONGBOW 2 to this , as it was originally on windows 95 . any help whatever the cost would be appreciated . i liked this game in the 90 's and would like to play it again . again , thanks for any help you could offer .
 I have played this sim for hours . it is very good . easy to play for all ages .
 i purchased this game and it will not load on my new computer no versions
 Giants
 I got this game because it was cheap and I thought it would be fun for a day . What a surprise ! The graphics are a little cartoonish and dated , but there are lots of weapons and the episodes are really challenging . Basically it 's a 3rd-person shooter with some strategy elements built in , but with a twist . The first part is a straightforward shooter in which you play a cute little space alien , and your team must take on the planet 's bad guys . In the second part , the focus shifts and you play one of the planet 's residents , a stunning &#34; sea reaper &#34; with magic as her weapons . The third part starts out with the focus shifting again and you must play a monster , but there 's a surprise at the end . I 've never played a game quite like this one and it 's definitely underrated .
 Better graphics than the NES version and two players as well . If you liked the arcade one get this , and if you never played it , it is a fun a ## game .
 This is a wonderful reminder of my childhood ... there 's no way I could own a Sega Master System without having this game in my collection !
 I loved this game when I was young . You have unlimited lives until the last level so you can really get in there and mix it up against the baddies of the game . Head butts and elbows are the way to go . Good co-op and good graphics = good game .
 Very interesting not too difficult to learn . Bought it back when I was in college to pass the time
 I 've had this game for years , almost as long as I 've had my computer , and I still play it ! It 's challanging , but not frustrating or complicated , and I spend hours designing city layouts and constructing huge monuments . It 's a challange to create the most efficent city I can , and that 's what keeps me playing . Sure , it 's not a high-stakes , shoot - 'em - up game , it 's a good , clean game for all ages , and I recommend it highly .
 I started playing this after playing Caesar III and the similarities are marked . Most of the same challenges exist and yet this game is fun and worth the time & effort to play.I recently istalled it in a Windows 7 environment after playing it on a Windows XP machine for years and it runs even better on the Windows 7 platform .
 And I 've been doing it ever since . My dad bought me this in the spring of 2000 . To cut to the chase , this game is about building cities in ancient Egypt . In my opinion , the fun in playing games is about doing things that you ca n't do in real life , and city-building in ancient Egypt is a good example of one of those things . You will start by building some humble cottages and maybe even a well for your people . You will have to provide food , water , entertainment , health care etc. , and as you do so , your city will evolve . If you need more money , you can build a tax collectors office . You decide how much tax the people are going to pay . Low tax will make you poor but popular -LRB- at least for a while -RRB- , and high tax will make you richer but less popular . But then again , money is needed to make the city better . As your city gets bigger and better , you might even consider building the ultimate construction in the game
 I love this game and have loved in since it first came out . You start with simple city building and pretty straightforward missions . WIth each leve it gets more complicated as you manage various areas of the city you build , run the goventment and keep enemies at bay.This is a game I will start playing and realize hours have passes as I try to keeep the Egyptian Gods appeased while staving off Malairia and buliding my mastaba before the palace treasure goes broke.You can play missions or enjoy all sorts of free play levels as well . If you enjoy this type of game , this one is great . My kids enjoy this one as well , as it is easy to understand and play .
 I do n't remember how I came by this game , but I was so glad I did . I remember sitting in my apartment during college just enjoying the relaxing time to myself and this game . It 's a lot of fun , easy to learn , but challenging to complete . Since that time I 've married and have two kids , but I saved the game in my `` software box '' in the attic . I figured by now there was no way with Win 7 64 bit it would work , but I was wrong . I threw it on my computer last night and it works ! Yes!If you enjoy goal oriented city building games you need to go for this one . Sure , the graphics are dated by today 's standards , but it still has that cool isometric feel . The gameplay is spot on as it quickly gives you that sense of accomplishment while giving you freedom to create what you want . As I said before , I 'm really happy this one still works .
 It was a surprise when I realized it shipped with the expansion set as well . Game looks brand new and I have had no trouble with anything except for the Gods . This game is insanly addictive and very hard to put away once your start playing .
 This is an excellent city building game with a great Egyptian theme . Good progression in difficulty so that you do n't get frustrated with the game . You start out managing a small village to create mega cities with their own wonder -LRB- s -RRB- . The game produces walkers that give you feed back on your city such as such and such god might be unhappy or hey my market is overflowing with luxery items . You can click on the houses to see what is holding their development up . You can do overlays showing property value , distribution of goods and other such information . You create a trading empire managing where your goods go and what goods you are importing in for your citizens .
 This is an older game . I enjoyed then and enjoy it now . This is a GREAT `` God-style '' strategy game from the ' 90 's
 A combination of Caesar III , Sid Miers Civilizations and Maxis ' Sim City games from the late nineties , Pharaoh takes a lot of what made those games best sellers and combines it into a pretty entertaining , if at this point dated , game . Back in the 90s , `` God '' style games in which you care for and manage a teeming world of buildings and their denizens were having their hay-day . While Maxis continued to churn out the Sim City franchise , and Civilizations and it 's many spin offs have become legend , most games are not either FPS -LRB- First Person Shooters -RRB- or RTS -LRB- Real Time Strategy -RRB- . The 90s produced some exceptional top-down city management games , and Pharaoh is a good example . Unfortunately , just like the Egyptian empire that you play in the game , poised at its height of glory , this style of game has fallen largely to the wayside . That 's unfortunate.A city management game at heart , Pharaoh gives you much more control over what you build and where you build it than Sim City games . You choose which buildings you want , and where they will be built , allowing you to create a city to your exact design.War making does come into play , but it is secondary to city building . Many of the missions will require you to create an army and lead them to victory , but this feels largely anticlimactic compared to the fast paced city management that requires 80 percent of your time.This game is quite complex , entertaining , and truly a classic of the genre . If you 're considering buying it , there are other options like Caeser III , but I think this is a superior game . If you like strategy games from the 90s , this ones definitely for you .
 This game was a great buy ! You can create your own scenarios or go through an entire family history up until you are Pharaoh . You can name your own family , too . Easy to understand interface and you can change the speed of the game as well . It was great fun to see Egypt develop over time with each generation . Also , appeasing the gods was fun . . if you did n't build enough temples/shrines , they would get all jealous or angry , and cause calamity to fall upon your city . It 's just another great city building game !!
 I bought this kinda on a whim . I needed something to play , and at the time , there was n't very many XBOX games where I was shopping . This was the only one they had that did not involve sports or guns . I was surprised I liked it so much . It is like a shooter game but with swords and bows and such . The different settings are each different and detailed . The characters are each different , with different abilities , weapons , strengths and weaknesses . I did find the game very hard . Some levels I had to play over a couple times because there is no in game saving . If you die , you have to start the level over . Very frustrating at time , and something I usually find infuriating , but it still did not make me put this game down . Another interesting feature is that you play through the light campaign and then get to go through on the dark campaign . Overall , I REALLY like this game , and am very glade I bought it . I would have even paid full price for it , and that is really saying something .
 Title basically said it all . This game is fun but it can be frustrating at times due to not having any map for any level . This game is not perfect by any means , there are some choppy graphics and a glitch every now and then but that does n't effect the game play . This is definately worth picking up if you like hack n slash type games and or even RPG 's .
 Enclave is one of the more memorable games I 've played . The graphics are beautiful . Even though it is an action game , it has a lot of RPG elements . The Xbox version is quite difficult at times . There are not save points within levels -LRB- except at some of the boss fights , you can pay to come back to the same place if you die , but you have to pay each time -RRB- and you are given basically no information about a level before you begin . So you have to do test runs through levels and then finally figure out which character , equipped with which items , would be the most efficient . There is also a strict limit on the number of health potions you can carry into a level . Some of the bosses are actually pretty easy , but getting to them can be frustrating . If you 're not seriously determined to beat the game , you may give up once you reach a point where you do n't think you can advance , but if , instead , you prevail and beat the game , you will really feel a sense of accomplishment . it 's no easy victory . it 's time consuming and will at times make you want to pull your hair out ... but it 's a great game.There are two campaigns
 This game provides great pace , each character type are also very unique providing a different perspective on playing the game . Go thru a map as a sniping archer , powerful knight or the thoughtful mage . Graphics are very good for the age of this game . Starbreeze studio is one to watch out for . If you loved Heretic and Hexen , you 'll love this game .
 Wing Commander IV
 First off , I 'm a BIG wing commander fan . I have several 386 and 486 class computers just for being able to play wing commander , the entire series of games . This DVD version of the game is an incredible improvement over the CD version of the game . In the CD version all the movies are interlaced . In this version of the DVD version -LRB- there are two different DVD versions -RRB- all of the movies are NON-Interlaced . I have played this DVD version of the game on windows XP with a 2 ghz cpu , and surround sound sound card . It plays great . It required patches to run on XP . You can download the patch from -LSB- ... -RSB- They also have fourms to help you if required . This is an excellent game and a nice enhancment over the CD version of the game . You can easily just play all the movies back to back from the DVD version just to make sure you have n't missed any during normal game play .
 I finally decided to go optical with my Playstation 3 and my media/surround system . First I looked at Monster cablesMonster Cable Fiber Optic Digital Audio Cable for PlayStation 3 -LRB- 10 Feet -RRB- , but in my Amazon search I found the Intec Playstation 3 Optical Cable which at the time of my search -LRB- and this writing -RRB- cost less than the Monster cable.So I went with Intec . After the Intec Optical cable arrived at my house I could n't wait to hook it up . I immediately opened the package , disconnected the digital coax cable that I was currently using , and I attempted to connect the Intec Optical Cable ... but it would n't fit into the input/outputs on my device or on my receiver . Humph !? What the heck ? This should just fit , right ? Plug and play , no ? Why the ... ? Maybe a little pressure ... ummmph ... nope . Oh , man!Am I crazy or are these things really not fitting ? I do n't want to damage my devices -LRB- or the cables -RRB- . I read the directions/literature from front to back . Nothing . What now ? Maybe I call Intec . Yup . That 's what I 'm gon na do , as silly as it sounds to have to call tech support to install a cable.I explained my dilemma to a very nice gentleman at Intec who was completely baffled as to why they would n't fit . `` Are you inserting the cable flat-top up/half circle down ? '' he asked . `` Indeed , '' I replied . He then suggested that I send him the cable , and he 'd send me a new one . Very kind , but that process would take a lot longer than I wanted to wait.So off to the high end electronic store with my Intec cable I went . If they could n't tell what was wrong with the Intec or what I was doing wrong , I 'd just buy an optical cable from them.A very nice fellow at the retailer greeted me and said , `` Let 's have a look at the Intec . '' I gave it to him . He put a pair of spectacles on , looked at one end of the cable and removed a protective cap from the small gold recptacle on one end and repeated on the other and then he looked at me with a smile that said , `` there-you-go-dummy '' . Crikey . I did n't remove the friggin caps ? How was I supposed to know those were caps ?!? They looked like ... little ... optical cable ... thingamajiggers . Oy.So the guy at Intec gave me way too much credit , assumed I was smart enough to take the caps off , and he never asked that one key question
 this feels well made not cheap like some other wires ive felt . sound is great . must gave if want to connect PS3 to surround sound
 If you want to make your 360 look really cool get this ! the green lights are soooooooooo cooollll
 I bought these Aurora Lights about 2 years ago to customize my xbox360 case , and I absolutely love them . To explain my customization ... I added a side cutout to the case with a plexiglass window to show the inside of the xbox , then I painted the case black , and added the green light to the interior , and it looks awesome . It adds a green glow to the vents , and the added window . They look awesome , and are VERY easy to install . You WILL have to open your case to install these , and therefore void whatever warranty you may have , so if you are worried about keeping your warranty intact , this is not a good product for you . If you 're out of warranty , and just want to make your system stand out a little , this is a good product at a good price .
 Well it could be said three things if you want to count differently . Yes Dead or Alive -LRB- DoA -RRB- is most well known for its 3D bouncing breasts . The other thing that this game has added to 3D fighters is a good counter and grapple system . Many 3D fighters before what blows , kicks and grabs , simple and basic stuff . DoA used the block button in combination with a direction and the player has an opportunity to counter a blow , kick or some grabs . This one of the first 3D fighters to add this extra depth to the 3D fighter.There were originally 2 arcade versions , both on the Sega Model 2 arcade platform . Dead or Alive was the original was was ported to the Sega Saturn almost perfectly , the only major loss was the 3D backdrops that where replaced with pre-rendered backdrops . Then came out Dead or Alive + + which added 2 new characters , Ayane and Bass . The PSX version is a port of DoA + + . The graphics engine is very much different and runs at a lower resolution than the Sega Saturn version . This is one of the few 3D games that are on both systems with engines customized for the given console where the Saturn version is visibly superior . Also the sounds in the PSX version are more like sounds from Virtua Fighter 2 and not the DoA arcade games.If you are a collector of the series this is a recommended buy . The Saturn version is more true to the arcade in both with audio and visuals . If you want to experience the first DoA , get DoA Ultimate as it has a Xbox port of the Saturn version . If you have a PSX , PS2 , or PS3 and not a Saturn or Xbox then this is the closest you can get to the original arcade version .
 With the Dead or Alive franchise having made its mark as one of the top 3D fighting game series and with the recent release of the latest iteration , Dead or Alive 5 , there is little left to be said about the series ' debut on the PlayStation that the reputation of the DOA series as a whole has not already made clear on its own.The game feels just like all the other DOA -LRB- fighting -RRB- games , for the most part . Given that the game was born in the first generation of 3D fighters , players ca n't sidestep into the foreground or background . If you 've played newer games in the series you will likely find it odd that in this game , to guard attacks , you must hold back , and also , that the hold button is used not only for reversals , but for peforming and escaping some throw moves as well . The only other difference to later DOA -LRB- fighting -RRB- games is that getting off the ground when you 're not in the game 's trademark danger zones takes too long , but again , this was one of the earlier titles in the history of 3D fighting games , so it 's forgivable . If I had to estimate it 's speed in the latter regard I 'd say it lies somewhere between that of Tekken 2 and Tekken 3 . On the other hand , Dead or Alive is no different from later entries in the series in that it has a lot of replay value within its single and multiplayer modes . Unfortunately , this also means that unlocking everything , with the greatest rewards being the two new characters and 50 + secret costumes , is tedious , time-consuming , and difficult . To accomplish this you must beat the game in Tournament mode -LRB- the equivalent to Arcade mode in most other fighters -RRB- again and again and again . Along the way you 'll earn some extra settings that can alter the game experience slightly and a CG gallery . Lastly , by entering Training mode , turning `` Display Command Mode '' on and peforming all of one character 's moves you can unlock an extra voice option for him/her . -LRB- More about unlocking stuff below -RRB- Fighting against the computer in Tournament mode with all settings at default can be brutal and extremely frustrating due to the ridiculously high damage output of some characters ' throws and reversals . Fortunately it is n't necessary to keep ALL settings at default to get every costume , a little helpful tidbit that you likely wo n't read in the cheats section of most gaming websites . You can lower the number of rounds needed to clear the stage and the time limit to speed the process along , and with these settings , you can get ALL of the costumes for each of the male characters this way . The female characters each have 14 costumes in total ; Tina has 4 , Lei Fang has 6 , and Kasumi has 7 that you are allowed to unlock under altered settings . The remainder of their costumes - and all of Ayane 's unlockable outfits - can only be unlocked when Tournament mode is completed with all settings at default . If you plan to do this , I suggest you set aside a good 2 hours to play , as it will be very difficult , particularly at stage 8 , where you must defeat Bass . While it is true that he is rather slow relative to other characters in the game , he makes up for it by having a few powerful and useful attacks with annoyingly long reach and huge-to-the-point-of-being-absurd hitboxes . Not only that , but he has a few throws that can potentially take half of your health bar , with one of them able to deal roughly 60 % damage in one shot . What 's worse is that in the DOA series throws are nearly impossible to react to , though mercifully , and technically speaking , the input required to escape them is very simple . The reversal mechanic is present too of course , love it or hate it , and can make randomly throwing out attacks at the CPU opponent highly dangerous , most notably against an opponent such as Bayman . With that said , it 's recommended that before entering Tournament mode you take a little time to learn your character 's best moves in Training mode , find some sort of damaging and reliable juggle combo , and also be able to consistently pull off your character 's most damaging throw for use as a go-to block punish.If you 're interested in getting the game at this point , I would recommend that you do so only if you have at least one person to consistently play with who is as passionate about fighting games as you are and/or if you both appreciate the DOA series for all it is
 this is an excellent game but i purchased it used NEVER DO THAT because you have to activate this game on steam and you need a new code so dont buy used .
 I have been playing 3d shooters since wolfenstein 3d and i always was very skeptic about ever seen a true 1st person perspective combat simulation/enviroment , since most shooters tend to be too arcade . When i got Red Orchestra i was first somewhat dissapointed because of Steam interphase -LRB- which i was not familiar with by then -RRB- , but I did see that the game had no arcade aspect whatsoever , that was a reward for me . Red Orchestra is a Multiplayer game . I found it somewhat hard at first , but I started to get the hang of it pretty soon thanks to the practice mode in which you can setup AI soldiers to fight by your side and against you through the different maps that the game delivers . I like to think this is as real as it gets since suppression , cover , tactics and maneouvers and teamplay is a must to survive and overrun the enemy . There is a major bonus that this game offers and that is tank warfare . The tank simulation is a completely different experience than that of the infantry perspective . Tank models are good as well as the damage model . Tank battles are fought on torn down towns , cities and rural areas of the eastern front with or without the threat of AT infantry and guns present and some maps are huge allowing tank battles over 1,000 meters.Red Orchestra community is very active , and the game goes on and on thanks to the modding community and the map builders which enhance replay value for ages . There is a superb mod calle Darkesthour which instead of original Red Orchestra is based on the Western front D-DAY and onwards , with superb allied weapons depictions of British and American armies.If you want a ww2 shooter but not and arcade ww2 shooter type and like WW2 Tanks & vehicles do yourself a favor and get yourself Red Orchestra , you wo n't be dissapointed at all .
 I spent 23 years in the Army , and this is as close as it comes to the real deal . Especially fun online . Extremely good physics for tank battles , I was a gunner and then TC and it 's almost like sending the real stuff down range . You can coordinate your moves with teammates and use REAL strategy . Act like superman , and you 'll be superdead . Not much room to hotdog , unless you want to well , hotdog . You 'd better have a fast system and connection , or you 'll be cussing when some schmuck you have dead to rights nails you . Plenty of new scenarios/battlefields added weekly to keep your interest . But be careful , it 's highly addictive !
 Gameplay is slow compared to other FPS 's but it 's understandable . It gives you an experience no other game can and will require plenty of teamwork . I have to be in a certain mood to hop in and play , but it 's well worth the $ 20 I spent .
 @ Reviewer `` J_L_M '' : Many of your gripes and others were fixed in the recent patches , including : * ZoneAlarm / Valve issued their fix for the game . * Loadng times have been greatly reduced due to a new file system structure included in the new patch . * With regards to `` Installer wo n't let you install on any drive but C '' - I 've installed Steam on two separate drives on two different occasions , neither of which were named `` C '' . You must be doing something wrong . * Artillery settings for each map have been tweaked . Also , with regards to this , the people who complain about excessive arty are usually the ones that run straight into it over ... and over ... and over again.Also of note
 This is the best FPS game I have played to date . The realism is unparalleled . If you like health meters and crosshairs dont get it . If you like Teamplay and realism buy this and a headset . this game uses true bullet and ragdoll -LRB- a way better experience -RRB- physics to totally immerse the player . This game is for the more mature player unlike some of those arcadey games out there , you will not find the run and gun gametype which means your not respawning every 30 secs in a small map . go check out the website for pics , the community is growing and new content is always on the way .
 ROOST is the most addicting game I have played in a long time . Its addicting becuase its not an easy game to play . You ca n't just run around like a wild man blasting people like an arcade game . You must sneak around , get into position , and set up your shots carefully . Its almost like being there for real .
 This game is for all who want a realistic shooter and are tired of the bunnyhopping and instaproning and all the other arcade style nonsense that goes along with them . Maps are great -LRB- if you do n't like the tank maps , then play the infantry based ones -RRB- , weapons are incredibly realistic , and the movement action is very realistic yet not too slow pased . It has a learning curve , but if you understand that objects inbetween you and enemy fire are good and you do n't think you 're rambo then you 'll be ok . I love how where you aim with your ironsights is where you shoot ; no more random cone fire from other games . The community is great and plays for fun and teamwork . More than worth the $ 25 .
 Get this game for the tank warfare . I have never had so much fun and frustration in my life . Play it online and see how hard it is to survive !
 I am a huge fps fan and also a huge simulator fan so my fps 's have to be realstic . Red Orchestra is three games in one Battlefield , medal of honor , and americas army.Pros - Intense gameplay-Very realstic feel and look to it you 'll almost break you chair waiting for the next tank round to load-Sound fx is awesome-Always changing many different ways to look at one battle-online only real gameplay . Offline is practice only.cons-Gore Where 's the Gore some blood and an arm blown off every no and then is not gore . when i shoot a guy he should have a bleeding hole of where i shot 'em . - Respawn I hate respawns . This takes the stakes and skill out of the game.one life force 's players to play smarter and better.-More people 32 is not enough for these maps more like 64 or 128 would be great.-smarter ai in practice mode they run right by me.-to much tracers . The tracers look like medal of honor not real life . real life is one every five rounds and do n't look like comets.That 's pretty much it i would recommend this game to any fps gamer it is truely fun and addictive and when you your done you will still be thinking of your battles and you can still hear the screech of artillary coming in.A must buy.-jack
 This is the best FPS game I have played to date . The realism is unparalleled . If you like health meters and crosshairs dont get it . If you like Teamplay and realism buy this and a headset . this game uses true bullet and ragdoll -LRB- a way better experience -RRB- physics to totally immerse the player . This game is for the more mature player unlike some of those arcadey games out there , you will not find the run and gun gametype which means your not respawning every 30 secs in a small map . go check out the website for pics , the community is growing and new content is always on the way . Dont forget put a TeamTanker Tag on your name -LSB- TT -RSB- . Get it .
 If you like realistic shooters , and you 're interested in World War II combat at all , get Red Orchestra.Give it at least ten hours of in-game time before you decide to file it away forever-it 's still a little rough around the edges , but it 's OH SO WORTH IT.You might see me in game as -LSB- CiA -RSB- Stiletto . : D
 If you have never played this and you love COD , BIA , MOH series then you 'll love this even more.The most realistic combat FPS multiplayer sim out there ! Period!I have played the original MOD since version 3.0 so Osfront comes to me as a dream come true from a humble MOD in the beginning for URT to this .
 I have played WWII shooters online for sometime , since MoH , and this is simply the best game ever in the genre . You can play single player but like the Battlefield games it is only for practice , the multiplayer experience is where it is at.Thos looking for a game where you continually hop up and down while firing grenades shoudl go elsewhere . Realism has been the guiding principal for this game and that is what you get . This is not a game for the immature who want simple charge ahead gaming where a health pack is right around the corner and being shot means you loose X % of health . In this game if you are hit it is the EXCEPTION when you are not killed . The effects of suppresive fire on infantry in this game are like no other out there and force you to play with some forethought , or die often.In addition to the infantry side of the game there is an armor element that is superb . These are not the arcade tanks of BF and CoD . While one person can switch from gunner to driver you can not do both at once . If you choose to solo a tank you can not shoot while moving and you also can not reload while moving . In the end it is far better to fully man your tank and use the VOIP built in for coordinating.I highly reccomend this game to anyone interested in an accurate infantry / combined arms FPS . Do not be decieved by the low price , I would pay twice as much for this game.One last point . Support from the developers has been excellent . They built this partially a a labor of love and have really put their best efforts into it . Even on their forums you will see the dev openly discussing features with gamers . The first patch came out and it incorporates many of the items asked for by the community while also fixing some of the small issues that came up in initial play , none of which kept me from playing it !
 This is the best realism game you can get!The gameplay just blows all other games out there , it really is unparalelled.But beware , if you are an arcade gamer -LRB- Unreal Tournament , CounterStrike , Battlefield , Medal of Honor -RRB- this game probably is nothing for you.It 's too mature for arcade gamers , it also features alot of teamwork so it 's nothing for the lone wolf.Another neat feature is the fact that the support is always 100 % , they will add more maps , weapons and features next to bugfixes in their patches , their support is friendly and often works and I have n't seen one cheater.You do have to know how to use your rifle and tank , for instance alot of players do n't know where the weak spots on various vehicles are ... and that 's called realism!Don ' t think it 's too realistic to be fun , because it 's so realistic it is fun ! ; -RRB-
 Red Orchestra OstFront 41-45 is an intense representation of small scale combat on the Eastern Front during World War II.You play as either the Germans or Russians on a variety of maps that include infantry or tank maps . As infantry , you get to choose your infantry class ; Rifleman , Squad Leader , Engineer , Anti-Tank Soldier , etc and with each class you get to choose a variety of weapons . On Tank maps , you have the choice to play either as infantry or as armor troops , -LRB- meaning you are trained to enter and operate a tank -RRB- . Most of the maps are large or very large and do a great job of portraying the terrain on the Eastern Front.The game features realistic weapons ballistics and armor penetration , and as such , the game play is focused on realism . There are no crosshairs or health packs for soldiers ; you must use the iron sights or scopes on the guns themselves . For those of you used to crosshairs , there is a brief adjustment period to go thru before you realize the satisfaction of using the weapons realistically . As far as no health packs , this is where the games gets much of its intensity , you really really do n't want to get shot as you sprint across the opening to reach the nearest cover -LRB- you will respawn if you do die however -RRB- Most Tanks allow up to 3 players to operate them , -LRB- driver , commander/gunner , and co-axial mg -RRB- and feature realistic speed , armor , and firepower . Assault guns , half-tracks , and armored cars are also present . Tanks -LRB- and infantry weapons -RRB- are period based , meaning maps based on later years feature newer models such as the T-34 / 85 , the Tiger , and the Panther to name just a few . Suppression effects in the game are outstanding , and can be felt when you are caught in an artillery barrage or pinned down my heavy machine gun fire . The disorientation you feel under these circumstances has been very realistically represented , yet your player still move and fire ... Outstanding!Red Orchestra OstFront 41-45 is primarily a multiplayer game and while you can play single player maps , in multiplayer mode is where the game shines . Players cooperate to capture or defend objectives on the maps . Teamwork definitely helps here and capturing objectives is rewarded in your score . In addition , there is a Red Orchestra community out there that is creating new maps and modifications that will keep the game fresh and interesting to play for a long time to come . Also , the price can not be beat . You get an excellent game for $ 10 to $ 20 less than a game released by the very large game makers!If you are looking for a very fast arcade type shooter that allows you to shoot down hundreds of the enemy in just a few minutes , this game is probably not for you . If you are looking for a realistic WWII FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- that in many ways puts ` other WWII FPS ' to shame , you will not be disappointed !!!
 I 've only had the game for a few days , and it 's been a blast ! Being a veteran of FPS games , this is a very refreshing take on the WW2/FPS genre . Do n't be scared off if you are on the low end of the system requirement 's , my 1.4 gig processer and 512 RAM runs this game perfectly online . The maps are awesome , sound is amazing , graphics are sweet ! Tracer rounds will arc into the air after hitting metal or rocks , very cool ! More strategy than in most FPS games , the maps are larger with objectives scattered . In the last game I had to belly crawl up to an enemy tank to place a demo charge on it , this is one example of how the game is different . You do n't just go in blazing all the time if you want to survive , you have to be careful and sneak around . The game is complex on many levels but easy to play . Game is definately an online game , the practice mode is good for practice only as far as I 'm concerned . I have a 256k dsl connection and it took me 20 + hours to download the 1350 megabyte Steam file needed to play the game . If you have dial-up fugettaboutit , you 'll never be able to do the download or play online . ** I 've now had the game for one month and would gladly have paid $ 100 for it ! I 'm not tiring of it in any way because a player never finds themself in the same situation twice . You are completely emmersed in the experience and will actually find your heart pounding as you try to survive ! **
 To say there is no practice mode is a misconception . The practice mode is right on the menu . Ppractice mode uses non-articulated AI bots which allows one to really practice skills without pressure . Once the basics are mastered , it is on the real thing . This is an on-line game of the first order . In fact , IMHO , it is more akin to a simulation . Squad tactics , via easy to use voice or text messages , make this a FPS that takes brains besides skill to master . The `` forgotten war '' , the eastern front of World War II , was as brutal as human beings could make war . The killing , suffering , and destruction on both sides have not been equaled since ... and for good reason . Most of us are taught how the United States carried the allies to victory in Europe . However , for every 7 Germans in the war , 5 were fighting Russians . It is against this backdrop that Red Orchestra transports its players . From the bitter cold of the frozen north , to the mountains of the Caucasus , from the Red army 's very fight for survival in the early stages of the war to the fall of Berlin , Red Orchestra creates a mode and a true feeling of emersion in this horrible conflict . A must have , but be warned , there is a learning curve . From your mastery of the basics , the game never gets boring .
 I have read many of the reviews and I could not agree more with those who have regarded it has realistic and challenging . I actually bought the game in March because I could not avoid the allure of at least experiencing some simulated form of fighting on the Eastern Front . Well my experience at first was a little disappointing not due to any glitches with the game performance but given that your character can die and become wounded quite easily if your not cautious and think strategically . The enemy AI is not stupid -LRB- I have not been playing the game online ! -RRB- and can put you out of action effectively.Only recently have I decided to take up arms again and play the game -- this time with a new philosophy
 I am a big fan of all the Battlefield series games and have put many hours into them . Moreover , their latest release of BF2 is great and seems tough to beat . However , Red Orchestra caught my eye and drew my curiosity , so I bought it . Admits all the negative talk about this piece , I have found that not much of it was true.Furthermore , because I have played a lot of 1st person war games I almost instantly was able to become an above average player . All it took was adjusting my configured keys as I was use to in other games . Additionally , team play also is very attractive in this work . With the use of VOIP and of course quick communication keys you can use affective teamwork.All and All R.O. is a great game . Like others it is as close to war as possible because of the lack of cheat elements like automatic cross hairs , instant health recovery , and bullet count gage . Despite this , in my opinion these and other cheats that are missing from R.O. do not make this a dull game . Just like in BF2 , if you used the Iron Sites on your weapon , you 'll feel at home here . In addition , a person can still shoot from the hip , I mean if you 're shooting with a machine gun your bound to hit something . Also , speaking of hitting stuff , this game has a little gore . Just watch a fellow team mate get hit with a tank shell.Nonetheless , although I get killed often as I have done in any other game , I and even you can still play like Rambo in R.O. . The only thing that I see as being inferior to BF2 is maybe graphics and some other elements that set BF2 aside . But R.O. still provides players with great sound affects , detailed scenery , open field game play , and attractive environments . It even educates you about some of World War II.In closing , I hope many people will try this game , not only because I believe you 'll like it but because I need some more enemies I can light up with my machine gun .
 All of my positive points have already been stated by others . I love the realism of this game , and love the challenge.I believe the bad reviews stem from people only playing for an hour or less . The game can be frustrating at first , but once you get the hang of it , the rewards are unparallel.So far this is my favorite game , ever . I 've never had a better gaming experience than playing RO in an organized team.Here are my complaints :1 -RRB- More people need to use voice communication and teamwork .2 -RRB- Bots for practice mode are pretty dismal . This really is a multiplayer game and that should be made clear.So if you get this , pleease please please invest in a $ 10 headset with microphone .
 Do n't let your previous gaming experiences cloud your judgement of this game ! This is NOT BF2 , COD2 , DoD , CSS or any of the above . Just because a game aspect did n't work on any of those platforms , do n't jump to the conclusion that it does n't work on this one!That being said , Red Orechestra is a very impressive game . Once you 've gotten into the right mentality to play it , -LRB- no running , gunning bunny-hopping ! -RRB- it gets better and better . There are a variety of map styles
 I have been playing First Person Shooters and simulators since the release of Unreal Tournament in 1999 . I picked up RO at version 3.3 as a modification of Unreal Tournament 2004 . It was briliantly realistic and accurate then , but now as a retail game , it simply blows me away . I am a WWII history buff . I am a rifle enthusiast , shooter , and know-it-all , if you will . I am also very knowledgeable on the topic of WWII era engineering . Red Orchestra has to be one of the most realistic and engrossing games ever . It is the first Eastern Front WWII game i 've seen , and has one of the best communities ever . A note about the RO -LRB- acronym for Red Orchestra -RRB- community
 I have been a huge fan of first person shooters for over a decade now and I have played many WWII-themed shooters . I am sad to say that after playing Red Orchestra
 If you like WW2 history and FPS games you should check this out.Watch history come alive and blast you with an T34/85 HE shell!I have years of Doom/Quake/HL / Source experience and found the learning curve was steep but I find Red-O much more immersive and satisfying than my other FPS games . It 's a thinking man 's FPS game and strategy and technique are more important than pure hand eye co-ordination . There 's great ammount of detail in the modeling of the game . It 's all historical equipment and locations . I play Red-O online and gave up the other PC games besides solitaire . There are a few bugs to be worked out of this new game but the developers are active posters on the Red-O forums and updates can be expected . You can watch Cross Of Iron and play some Red-O for the complete Ostfront experience .
 This game is probably one of -LRB- if not the -RRB- most realistic I 've seen yet for FPS 's . Its not designed as a kiddie run and gun game , those looking for that in RO will be disapointed . But if you like realistic balistics , recoil , death and dammage for infantry , combined with complex Armor action . . look no further . Valve anticheat works fine , and after playing for a hundred hours or so , I ' v seen no cheating , and have seen players removed for questionable goings on . The ingame vioce coms work great , and the more mature crowd you meet and interact with ingame via voip is refreshing . The game developers regularly interact with the players / customers , and have just released the first of a series of large content patches which is unparalelled by any of its competitors .5 Stars Tripwire Team ! Keep up the great work !
 this is the game of all games guys you get none of that kiddy bunnyhopping and nade spam this game is for the reall men youll find very little yougnster here as they cant take the realism ie 1 shot kills with rilfe no cross hairs ;-RRB- no ammo state only tell how many mags left , guys this ism the game u want if u wan na get away from thos kidds in css and play some real combat :-RRB- HOAH
 NOT TOO THRILLED ABOUT THE GAME.REALLY DID NOT THE GERMAN SIDE.THE GAME SHOULD HAVE BEEN FROM THE RUSSIAN SIDE !
 I 'm not going to just repeat every point made by other people , so I 'll make this brief.Red Orchestra is as close as you can get to real combat without actually risking to get killed . If you know anything about real combat tactics , you will immediately feel like home - forget what you have learned from the generic arcade first person shooters
 First and foremost , if you 're new to the game , it 's HARD . To say RO has a `` learning curve '' is a bit of an understatement . Try scaling the face of a cliff wall and you have about the learning curve representation . For many this is to steep a requirement and the CS kiddies and BF2 junkies will quickly toss this one aside.However , for those of you that persevere , learn patience and accuracy , and can work well in a team , there is a very rich and rewarding experience to be had in RO . No other game gives me such a satisfying visual treat and stimulation for succesfully dominating an opponent as RO does . The one shot one kill gameplay really adds a sense of urgency to your combat situation and firefights become extremely intense . To be victorious in one , with grenades , artillery and machine guns going off all around you , gives a true feeling of accomplishment.To be fair the game is not without it 's faults . The unreal engine has it 's limitations and this game pushes those limits to their breaking points . While some people say the graphics are not up to par , I personally feel they are done quite well and the fact that it may not be the graphical counter part of a BF2 does not detract from game play in the slightest . Providing of course , you adjust the settings to match your hardware capabilities . Really , the in game visuals coupled with the superb sound effects create an extremely immersive environment . Once you sprint halfway across a field and dive prone into a trench to avoid the bullets and grenades whizzing over your head , what 's coming on television later that night is the farthest thing from your mind . Trying to keep your avatars limbs intact becomes priority numero uno.There are also some frustrating bugs that crop up from time to time , but what FPS out there has ever come out without some annoying killing spree ending bug . In any case the Devs are very passionate about this game and are constantly working to improve it and add new content . Lack of a single player campaign is only an issue if you do n't like to play with other people or ca n't play online , do not buy this game if you want single player content.So to sum up , here are some of the pros and cons : Cons : Steep learning curveSome frustrating bugsNot constant hair on fire action -LRB- game requires tactics , not Rambo 's -RRB- Graphical capabilities -LRB- only a con if you 're expecting next gen visuals from an older graphics engine -RRB- Realistic combatNo crosshairs -LRB- aiming is best done through the gun 's iron sights , run n ' gun is highly discouraged -RRB- Pros : Realistic combatNo crosshairs -LRB- trust me , once you get the hang of it , this is way more fun than having a crosshair pasted to your screen -RRB- Superb gun modelsRealistic and extremely well done battlefield sounds -LRB- gunshot , tank shells , artillery etc. . . -RRB- Sense of accomplishment at becoming skilled in such a difficult tactical shooterActive and helpful community of players and Dev 's -LRB- community tends to be more mature than most other FPS ' -RRB- In game VOIP -LRB- really necessary to get the full tactical team experience , if you do n't have a mic , get one ! -RRB- Immersive gameplay
 This was the first prize winner in Epig Games ' `` Make Something Unreal contest , '' last year.Since then , `` RO '' has been vastly improved and has become a stand-alone game.Originally a rifle squad simulator , Red Orchestra brings unparalelled realism to the FPS genre.Parents , consider yourselves warned . I 'd reccomend 18 years or older due to realistic gore and sociopolitical themes.Matches takes place in historically accurate locations along the Eastern front of WWII , from the Ukraine to the Kaukasus to the many battles of Stalingrad . German and Soviet troops are featured along with historically accurate weapons and very realistic tanks . No , there are no Americans , nor battles in France.Unlike other WWII FPS games , running and gunning or praying and spraying are useless . Caution and thought are much more suited tactics . Aiming is done entirely with ironsights , and friend-or-foe comes down to being able to tell the difference between uniforms , and sometimes accents.RO utilizes UnrealEngine 2.5 and is updated using Valve 's ` Steam ' network.Highly reccomended for history buffs and realism fans.A side note
 I used to play BF2 , but when I upgraded my graphics card I could not longer play it and looked for more ... then I stumbled onto this game thanks to Steam , and wow , I 've put so much time into it . Nothing is cooler than rushing an enemy in a trench and bayonetting them , or trying to escape artillery as it explodes all around you . It 's realistic and the tank combat is a blast ! You feel like you 're inside of a real tank instead of being in some fake BF2 tank that 's controlled by a single person and and manuever on a dime.However , this game is n't for everyone . If you prefer run-and-gun type games where you can fire your gun as you run and get headshots , or prefer Counter-Strike where you can scream `` OMG PWNED N00BZ i hax U LAWL '' then this game is n't for you . If you are n't a team player then this game is n't for you . However , if you appreciate a well-made realistic game about WW2 and you have the patience -LRB- you WILL die a lot until you get the hang of it , there 's NO RADAR -RRB- you will have a blast!There 's no single player campaign , but I 'm not sure what T.Pratt is talking about . The game does n't mislead you into thinking there 's some epic single-player campaign ... only a practice mode . Perhaps he is more the impulse-buy type who does n't research to see if a game is good or not ? I knew exactly what this game was gon na be about and this was before it reached shelves , so maybe he should do some research.And the person who said : People cheat
 This is really the best WWII shooter I have ever played . TWI just released a super-content patch , and the tank combat is now better than ever . Game has a steep learning curve ; but well worth it . Player base is a bit more mature , and team-oriented than in other games . I think most people see that as a good thing . :-RRB- I have over 210 + hours into the game so far , and show no signs of slowing ! look for me in game as < RTR > Sgt.Heinz .
 Have tinkered with this game off and on for a few months ... but because of the learning curve and the lack of a TDM gametype ... Ishelved it for a bit . . Pulled it off recently and spent more time going thru the ins and outs of this game ... The realism is phenomenol!Ballistics ... player movement ... . sound ... . maps ... vehicles ... weapons ... awesomeThe gametype available is a `` base aquisition '' type game ... Both sides have various objectives to conquer and or defend ... with the victorious team having attained a higher success rate at the end of the map.The lack of TDM and the built in `` classes '' in each map still caused me some concern ... ` However since this game is based on one of the most friendly game engines of all time ... the Unreal Tournament engines . . i was able to begin modding the game to a more appealing format for myself ... Currently runningan online RO server now ... Serious players will truly appreciate this game ... large community online ... good future ...
 This game is so addicting it almost led to divorce . Do n't plan on bunnyhopping , 200 meter headshots from the hip , or any other arcade style crap in this game because it emphasizes strategic and tactical maneuvers both in tanks and infantry . It is also fun to play with the actual developers of the game online and give them feedback on their forum -LRB- try that with the `` big guy '' game companies -RRB- .
 Zeus
 it 's very challenging , teaching a person how to plan cities , account for resources , feed people and provide for recreation while defending against outside forces
 Grate adventure playing game , Excellent Tutorials for eaven the newest player . Not alot of key controlls , easy to adapt to play . Nice graphics and grate for the adventur game player . A diamond in the ruff find .
 Had this game years ago and lost in move . Got an inclination to play again , so purchased it for a second time . Still fun , kinda hokey looking compared to todays technology , but still good game .
 Only caution , this is the British version so it does n't integrate with American updates/addons . My Poseidon adventure will not work with this Zeus master .
 this game is so awesome . its probly because i love to build cities and manage it .
 The game is amazing I had lost my old copy and needed to find a new one and amazon is where I found it . I ordered it on a Friday and I had it within 2 weeks , which is the time period I was told . I would for sure buy more games from amazon .
 i love it but i suck at it . I have n't really played since i was maybe 10 years old so it 's hard for me to get back in the swing of things .
 Aerofighters Assault is a very fun game.It 's a mix of a flight sim and a action-packed video game.Now I 've read many reveiws for this great N-64 game and I see that I 'm one of the few people enjoying this game . -LRB- lol -RRB- I personally like the fact that it is easy to fly.I 'm comparing it to the Flight Simulater 2000 on the computer.In Aerofighters Assault -LRB- I 'll call it AF for short -RRB- you simply move the analog stick on your control pad to move and Z , A , B , and R to shoot various weapons , simple.There are some more advanced controls such as the afterburner -LRB- up C -RRB- and airbrake -LRB- down C -RRB- , but compare these simple controls to Flight Sim 2000 . In Flight Sim 2000 you have two remember really complex things like : left arrow key = left ailoron up and stuff like that until you realize there 's about a zillion keys to press.Then there 's the combos of things to press to takeoff , land , etc.I 'd be in nowhere land if the game did n't have built-in lessons -LRB- I still can only figure out how to takeoff now matter how many lessons I take ! -RRB- . The game is n't any fun unless your a pilot.I also enjoy the fun of the game.You get to chose your airplane and destroy enemys , save ciies from destruction , launch a space shuttle and more.Not to mention the cool rock music in the backround.In conclusion , I must say that AF is great fun!Sure there 's better games in the world but AF is one of my favorite games and it is much better than most other games .
 As an aviation enthusiast , I 'm always on the hunt for new flight games . It does n't matter whether they are sims , combat games or whatever , eventually , they 'll find themselves running on one of my platforms . However , when I first read the reviews for Aerofighter Assault , I decided to stay away from this release . I mean , heck , no one had a kind word for it . It 's easy to get caught up in the words of wisdom written by game reviewers . We 're so used to doing it with movie critics that it 's become second nature . However , while reviews are written with a certain amount of objective fact , the ultimate thumbs up or thumbs down is highly subjective indeed . So , the other day , when I had the opportunity to pop an Aerofighter Assault cartridge into my trusty N64 , I figured , what the heck.Maybe it 's because I 'm not as a sophisticated judge of games as reviewers or maybe I 'm too forgiving or maybe I just do n't know any better but guess what ? This game is fun ! Is it the best flight or air combat sim around ? No . Is it the most sophisticated ? Of course , not . But it does provide the gamer with an entertaining and challenging experience . The game does n't get caught up in extensive technical demands placed on the gamer in so many of the other flight games , yet , is challenging enough to require some practice to be able to play well . The story line is pure fiction , departing from any heavy historical or documentary references , allowing the player to enjoy the bedlam of trying to defeat the big , bad , mechanized forces of evil as well as the enemy pilots who are out to prevent your next birthday from taking place.Okay , the music wo n't win a Grammy and I 've seen better frame rates in other games but I have n't experienced the `` unplayability '' from this ... The graphics are not bad and the game offers a fun assortment of combat planes you can strap yourself into . The controls are responsive and smooth and , with practice , you can perform some dazzling maneuvers . Weapons are impressive , there are enough enemies to keep you busy and a number of game modes available including a fun death match ... I really enjoy this game . No , I 'm not going to give up my other combat or flight sims for this one , but I do enjoy sitting down with this game . If you have n't played it , rent a copy of it and take the time to learn and practice how to play it . Aerofighter Assault is sheer fun and nothing more . Maybe I 'm wrong , but is n't that what a video game should be anyway ?
 great game easy to learn compared to a-10 cuba were you have to remember 12 different buttons just to arm your weapons about every key on the key board is taken so 1 wrong press can send you falling out of the sky . aerofighters assault is a simple game that is fun to play single player or multiplayer .
 Aerofighter Assault is a really nice aircraft simulator and has pretty good graphics for an n64 game . Though the weapons are sort of unrealistic -LRB- ninja stars ? -RRB- , the gameplay and individual feel and control of each plane more than makes up for it . I personally prefer the fx plane , it has a really powerful special and is very maneuverable . The countinuous pilot talk does get a little annoying after a while and , for some reason , the storyline gameplay does not go by difficulty -LRB- or a least for me ... It took me only 1 try to comeplete the 6th mission while it took me more 5 tries for the 3rd mission -RRB- . Overall this game is great and will have you captivated for hours .
 This game is Nintendo 64 's best game of air combat . You have four different planes to choose from including
 its cool the way u get to fly an f14 tomcat . i just got ta say i love it
 aerofighter assault is the greatest video game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game you wont be sorry
 I love this game , but until now -LRB- soon -RRB- I will be able to play it whenever I want . My cousin rented it twice . But now I bought it used . Anyway , it is the coolest game to play and is really neat . Personally , I like crashing my planes into buildings and shooting missiles at them . It 's so much fun . I think it 's the best N64 game I 've ever played .
 This game is perhaps my favorite game on N-64 . My favorite level is Sea Attack -LRB- Lexington -RRB- because I love destroying the boats . There are 6 Fighters to choose from once you beat the game a few times , but when you start , you only get 4 to choose from.F-16 Hawk -LRB- uses missles and bullets only -RRB- A-10 Glenda -LRB- uses bombs , missles , and bullets -RRB- FSX Hein -LRB- Uses a mega beam , frisbee missles and ninja bullets -RRB- SU-35 Volk -LRB- Uses fire wall , flaming missle , and laser -RRB- Special ships : F-15 Meo Meo -LRB- Get her by cheat . Uses mega beam , missles and bullets -RRB- Spanky -LRB- Earned by defeating entire game , including the bonus levels . Uses bombs , missles , and on-going laser . -RRB- Im sorry if i bored you with the Ship analysis , but it may come in handy when actually playing the game .
 THIS GAME , I RELLY LOVE !!! Even thoe I can only get to level 3 and no ferther , I have wanted this game , ever scnce I first tried it !!!! But if your looking for codes , I recamend : Sybex Unofishol N64 Stragity gide : Vol .2 .
 This is a good game but extremely hard . This game is good for people who like flying/fighting games . I also like it because of the choices of planes they give you .
 If you like challenging airplane games ... This Is for You . It is not one of those games that you can beat in a day . It is challenging And never gets boring .
 It 's nearly impossible to find a 2D vertical or horizontal shoot em ' up on the Super Nintendo that was hands down perfect until Imperium popped out of obscurity a bit and proved me otherwise . The game is one of the most merciless shmups ever made
 If this game was made recently , I would have given it an average rating , but ... it was n't . It was made when Playstation was new to America . You have no ability to walk on your own . Instead , you are forced to point and click with a cursor , to where you want to go , what you want to look at , what you want to pick up , and who you want to talk too . Very similar to the controlling configuration to Myst or Riven . But unlike Myst or Riven , you are able to look about your surroundings without having to click on anything and waiting for the next scene to load . I thought I should mention that first , for you stubborn people who expect advanced configuration wo n't waste your time reading the rest of this review.This game 's true quality has little to do with how you move your character around . It 's primarily meant for gamers who enjoy to sit , relax , and think . One puzzle after another . There 's even puzzles that are optional , that you do n't need to solve to finish the game , but are better to solve to achieve a better and less obscure storyline.The plot is simple . The game takes place in 17th century America , where cowboys and Indians alike , fended for themselves and family to survive . You are a Bounty Hunter , or a ` Gun for hire ' , that was sent to rescue a young boy who was kidnapped from a travelling horde of Settlers . They suspected that their son was taken to a town that went by the strange name of ... ` Silverload ' . A place of very little people and provisions . An unfriendly barren of a town , that does n't take too kindly of unwanted visitors . At the very entrance of this Silverload , hung a sign that counted the town 's populace
 I bought this as a special surprise for my mother-in-law ... she was thrilled to receive it ! It was in excellent condition & arrived earlier than was expected ! I 'm VERY pleased with this purchase !
 I agree with the other reviewer . Silverload is a point-and-click horror game , with one of most original stories I 've ever played in a game . Like the other reviewer mentioned , if you are concerned with graphics it may help to put the game into the context of its release date , which was back in the dawn of the PS1 . I played the game on a big HDTV and the graphics did n't bother me at all.So there are vampires and werewolves in the game , but Silverload does n't resort to Hollywood cliches at all . In fact , the game does n't really resort to many cliches at all . You have to remember , this game came out before `` survival horror '' became a term -LRB- with 1996 's Resident Evil -RRB- . It 's a great adventure-horror plot , brought to life by the gruff voice of the lone wolf protagonist , a half Native American gunslinger called simply `` the Gunslinger . '' Some of the other actors are less than great , and one or two are atrocious . There 's really no excuse for that , but when was voice acting the standard of critical excellence in these old mid-90s video games?Overall , a terrific find and a little-known horror .
 I did n't to see a lot of these guys when I was younger , but I did have the videogame . Back then it was the first time I 'd ever seen something so crazy as two teenagers trying to get pictures of themselves doing stupid things they thought were `` cool '' in order to get into a GWAR Concert . Which is the premise , of course.Those unfamiliar with Beavis and Butt-Head simply need to know two things
 This game is fun and all but it hard . Its funny to hear beavis and butthead laugh almost the whole time in the game and the concept of the game is fun . But this is a game only for beavis and butthead fans .
 I really enjoy this game alot for the snes I really think it is alot of fun to play very enjoyable fun game for the snes I would give this game a 9 out of 10 for the snes and the Sega Genesis version a 10 out of 10 for me because to me it is more fun play than the snes version but I still like this Version for the snes as well I can not believe this game will be 19 years old in 2013 and so will the Sega Genesis Version of this awesome game as well but yeah the snes version is still a very fun an enjoyable game to play for the snes I have beaton this game as well only with Game Genie cheats as well because this game is hard as well so anyway this game is great to have in your snes collection and it is also great to have in your Sega Genesis collection as well .
 I know they came out with one or 2 based on mike judges animation , its obviously not that difficult but not all games have to be difficult to wan na own and to enjoy . it a classic to add to the rest .
 THis game is hard and not a lot of people fell in love with this game , they thought it would be funny and not so lame , but it is not a 1 person game with skateborders trying to kill you and more i found it very hard . But me and my friend tryed it and we got pretty far , even though i gave it a 4 star i would n't recommend it to you .
 Beavis and Butthead was fair . Not even O.k. because the game itself was way too easy and I thought that it was going to be funny and it really was n't . Sure I laughed a few times , but when it all came down to it , the 2 dumbest teens in the world were about as funny as a rock.That and this game was way too easy . There was no true challenge -LRB- with the exception of the hospital board -RRB- but other than that , very simple game and for a lot of the more advanced gamers , this was n't even a walk in the park . It was more like taking a nap on a Sunday afternoon.The last thing that bothered me about this game is that the ending was better if you lost on the last board -LRB- the GWAR concert -RRB- because if you lost , it was more like the real Beavis and Butthead . You know , a couple of morons who lost their objective.This is a renter first . It 's entertaining while it lasts , but unfortunately , the feeling does n't last very long .
 Sure this game was released on several over platforms , but the PC version was the original and the best . I got this back in 1995 when it first came out , 10 years ago . I was only 11 or 12 at the time but the game was something so different then all the other DOOM games out at the time . You could control 3 different characters , a warrior , a cleric or a mage . And then you 'd be forced to purge your way through dark maps full of enemies . The main villian , Korax , would often taunt you with messages throughout the game . This was the sequel to Heretic and continued the story of the Serpent Riders . I still have this game with the original box . sweet sweet memories
 I can never say enough good things about hexen . When it originally came out i was mesmerized by the jump in technology from the standard doom 2 engine . Gone were the days of fixed viewpoint and feet firmly on the floor . You could now jump , fly , look up and down , use different potions , magic and strategies to defeat more monsters than you could shake your wand at , on top of that a atmospheric and eerie soundtrack full of medieval enchantment beckoned you to look around the next corner . Hexen was one of the first , if not the first to employ and utilize the hub system . Level after level of butchering was done away with in favour of interconnected levels where an action on one level could open up doorways and more on another , portals linked the archaic and gothic ruins drawing you deeper and deeper towards the ultimate showdown with korax . One of the greatest aspects of the game was how each monster was used as a chess piece in battle against you , with short range , medium range and long range attack creatures working together to bring you down with a vengeance . I firmly believe this game influenced Quake more than any other game , especially the atmosphere and style . Romero was executive producer on this Raven title and you can feel alot of this game in the original Quake . This game runs beautifully on doomsday , just google for it , its a free program that brings back all the beauty of this title , heretic , hexen and the original doom games . Enjoy !!!
 I enjoyed this just as much this time through as I did when it first came out over a decade ago . The graphics come across better on the newer cards . Just be careful that you 've got a win95 ,98 machine or emulator that will run it .
 LOVED it , totally fantastic and definitely a good buy , make a good purchase with this one and you 'll be pleased
 I 've always liked this game although I am not a gamer . The down side is it does n't work as easily with Vista as it did with Windows 95 .
 Amazing FPS game . Three classes , lots of excellent levels , great puzzles , awesome story and cool bosses . This is everything you could ask for in an fps game . Amazing co-op ad multi player too !!!
 There are better fps games out there , but this is still my favorite . It is certainly the best doom engine fps . The atmosphere , sounds and music are really what separate the game but it is great in other ways as well . It is still the only fps game with hand to hand combat that I think was done well . This can be picked up for a pittance these days so what are you waiting for ? Give it a go !
 Honestly , this updated Platinum edition offers everything you could ever dream of in a first person `` shooter '' game.In the edition , you 'll get Half-Life , Opposing Force , Team Fortress , Counter-Strike , and Blue Shift . All games are more than worthy of being called classics in their own time . And more specifically , Half-Life , OpFor , and Blue Shift allow you to play individually.Now , what truly pushes this over the top is the ability to get ONLINE and fight with other human opponents ! The online community is thriving . Counter-Strike , Half-Life , Team Fortress , and Opposing Force all allow online play or no sign-up/monthly fees . It 's all FREE . There are nearly 1000 Half-Life servers and nearly 30,000 Counter-Strike servers world-wide !!! As a lover of DOOM , Descent , and Duke Nukem 3D , I thought I had played all the best first-person shooter games -LRB- as of 1998 -RRB- . Then I played Half-Life ! Since Half-Life 2 has not yet been released this still remains the BEST online Multiplayer First Person Shooter on the market today.With an NVidia GForce2 and a 1GHz PIII , I am getting between 60-99 FPS -LRB- frames per second -RRB- . The graphics are excellent and the play is smooth.One warning though with this game
 I am a half-life lover - spent $ 1000 upgrading a PC in 1998 just to buy this game and it was well worth the money . This game is to PC games kinda like what STAR WARS was to space movies . It opened up a new parallel universe !! You start the game feeling like an imposter in the skin of `` Gordon Freeman '' arriving for a day of work at Black Mesa research facility in New Mexico . Luckily , the helpful scientists ask you questions until you stumble into the lab and start doing what you need to do until the big bad accident ... and then aliens teleport in from another dimension , eating all the scientists and the military sends in Marine Commandos to kill EVERYTHING INCLUDING THE SCIENTISTS -LRB- YOU -RRB- to cover up the disaster completely !! The game really starts with you unconscious in the deepest bowels of this huge complex and you have to fight your way out - 1/3 solving puzzles , 1/3 killing aliens , and 1/3 facing hell-bent marines in your protective suit -LRB- as long as your battery pack is still alive -RRB- to help you overcome these problems . For the first time characters talk to you , animals move realistically , and the animal AI is incredible . Your first weapon of choice ?? A simple crowbar . Later weapons ?? Experimental prototypes from secret US Military programs !!! Now I 'm back 6 years later and look what 's happened . It seems like Valve has the mother of all copyright protection problems . Not only were players pirating the CD 's , even the distributor -LRB- Sierra -RRB- was pirating and selling Illicit copies of the CD 's . Sierra was even selling duplicate retail boxes with duplicate keys to customers !! -LSB- ... -RSB- and Valve hates Sierra and is in a legal fight but is contractually forced to deal with Sierra . You will have to be a foot soldier for Valve until the legal fight is won . To be a foot soldier , you must put up with Valve 's copyright protection scheme which is called `` Steam '' . Before you get this game , -LSB- ... -RSB- You will need a good broadband connection to install this game , because you will need to download several hundred megabytes of data . It will be tricky to run the game in the future without a broadband connection . It will be possible but you will have to plan ahead before disconnecting from the Internet.If you can live with this hassle , you will be highly rewarded .
 This is the best game of all . I have n't played a game for so long like I play Half-Life , Counter-Strike and etc. . And about the Steam feature , its the best too . I know it is a bit big , but its espeacilly for playing on internet . And if you want to play on internet , you HAVE to have a broadband connection , so the updates do n't takes so much time . And about downloading the 723mb pack , no need too , because Steam converts yours game instalation of Half-Life and all mods to work with Steam . And about this pack , yes , its better to buy the Half-Life only CD , but then you will need to download Counter-Strike , Team Fortress , Opposing Force , and no Blueshift will be there . So , you choose what you want
 Half-Life has revolutionized first-person shooters in an amazing way ; it made you use your brain instead of just your left-mouse button . And Even though Half-Life 2 is sweeping up all the press , the original , and its expansions , are still worth much praise . And this set is less than 20 $ now ! If you have a computer that meets the specified system requirements listed , buy this . Best 20 or so dollars you will ever spend .
 I 've always been courios about Half_Life and Counter-Strike , and about a week ago , my cousin bout this package , and we played all day . Well , the very next day I went out and bought this , and I still hav n't put it down ! When you first start playing Counter-Strike , sure , some of the more experenced players will put you down for being a noob -LRB- someone new to Counter-Strike , but it 's ment to be a strong insult -RRB- , but after a few games , you 'll find yourself getting better and better , and soon , you 'll lose hte title of `` Noob '' `` Nub '' `` Newb '' ect . and then you 'll really start to have fun . A good idea would be to play with a friend that has played before , especially if he/she has a clan , and then you can just scrim -LRB- play pratice games -RRB- with them . I play with my friends clan and I see my skill rapidly improving . Also , if you know someone else you just got this game , you could scrim with him.her for a while , and both your skills will improve . But that 's not it . Aside from the great gameplay of CS , there 's tons of maps to play on , and you can also download and make your own maps . Sure , making a map is n't exactly the easiest things in the world at first , but it just takes pratice . And remember , I hav n't even SCRATCHED the surface known as the greatness of CS . Plus you get 4 other games , and these are all COMPLETE games . Half-Life is a great single-player game -LRB- I hav n't tried multi-player on HL yet -RRB- and Opposing force and Blue Shift is a continuation of HL . And finally , you get Team Fortess Classic . Now , I hav n't played this yet , but I suspect it to be just as great . Now what are you wating for ? Go out there , get this , get ome friends to get this , get together , and SCRIM ! Perhaps after you get enough pratice and you become semi-good , you can form a clan -LRB- A group of people that play together -RRB- and magnify the fun 100 times over !
 Mention first person shootears and this is probably the first game that will come to your mind . its ' tht damn good!i first played this game in 2000 . . asked my sister from american to get it for me . was so excited after playing uplink -LRB- the half life demo -RRB- that i just could ` nt wait . . and as soon as i installed it onto my computer . . i was hooked . . i had never seen anything like this . . i mean , duke nukem and doom 2 were appetisers compared to this baby !! okay . . about the game : WEAPONS
 Do n't get me wrong , I loved Half-Life and the expansion packs -LRB- not the best FPS ever , Deus Ex beats it , but thats another argument -RRB- . The thing about this pack is that its not worth it . Opposing Forces comes with Blue Shift , Counter-Strike and Team Fortress Classic were released as free mods if you purchase Half-Life . Anyways , the point is you get all these games just by buying Half-Life and Blue Shift , which is about $ 5 cheaper than the pack . Not much , I know , but do n't think you 're getting a great deal and then learn this after you buy it . And if you buy the normal games you get a better , more indepth manual -LRB- the one for Half-Life has a bit of back story , like a letter from Freeman 's professor , never seen the real Blue Shift Manual , so I can not comment on that -RRB- . So definitely buy Half-Life and Blue Shift , not this pack .
 half life is without a doubt the best fps i have played . i currently own half life , half life 2 and half life 2
 Half Life is truly one of the best games ever made , in my opinion , second only to Half Life 2 . I wo n't reiterate the details which have been so well advertised ; I 'll just confirm them.But that 's not all ; they 're throwing in the best mods made for it . I strongly recommend playing Opposing Force and Blue Shift to see more than one side of the Black Mesa incident . $ 20 ? Definitely a deal.Note that the CD keys in this package can also be used with a Steam account .
 My GOD !!! this game is all you need to play , the gameplay is fantastic , the graphics awesome , the sound terrific , and the best
 Hi , I would to ask you guys if a good processor like the -LRB- Intel Core i7-950 -RRB- is a good one to play with this game ?? Thank you for your time .
 This is the ultimate collection pack . All Valve/Gearbox retail Mods are included -LRB- Opposing Force and Blue Shift -RRB- . However , Team Fortress Classic and Counter-Strike are redundant for the Broadband user . Team Fortress comes with the latest Half-Life patch and Counter-Strike can be downloaded . The version of Counter-Strike included with this pack is the retail version , which is recommended for 56k users but not broadband users as the retail version is buggy . It is also a separate program and not a `` add-on mod '' to Half-Life . The only retail mod not available in this pack is Half-Life Counter-Strike
 I like half-life 1 and 2 i think number1 was the best becauseit was longer and more interesting because im a person wholikes the fighting the mutant things . although h2 has better grahics.i think s h3 should b made coz it would selll well.all da best aidan
 This is the game that brought multiplayer FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- into more homes than just about any other . Doom may have paved the way , but the first series of halflife games repaved the road in platinum . I am not a huge FPS player myself , but I have sampled a fair share of the genre and this one has always stood out . Even with its successor out , and it being a very strong game , if you are fed up with STEAM , take it back to the old school .
 I recieved Half Life 2 for christmas and I decided to get the full story . I have played Half Life before but a friend lent me the CD so when I got a new computer I lost the game . I eventually decided to have the full Half Life story . Coming back to Half Life after playing Half Life 2 is like watching HDTV and then watching cartoons . Needless to say , the game is so immersive that you forget about the quality . The Blue Shift CD comes with the HD pack so it makes things a bit sharper . I would have bought Half Life
 I do n't know what the person is talking about who said Counterstrike is free...counter-strike was free ... like 2-3 years ago ... but it was bought out by seirra ... I bought this , and i would most definitly recomend this.These games are all fun , addiciting , and just down right good.I love this pack , and i reccomend this to everyone who likes a good first person shooter.I also recommend buying this before buying Half-Life 2 -LRB- if you never played half life or Counter Strike before -RRB- very good great christmas present
 If you loveTomb Raider Anniversarythen you will love this . The game is very easy to catch onto . The first-person Shooter style is well done and I found the storyline compelling.The colleters edition is hours and hours of entertainment and well worth the money .
 The games in this bundle are old , the graphics are pretty bad , however , the gameplay is awesome , a complete blast from the past ! Expect at LEAST 40 + hours of single player gaming , and much more on the multiplayer -LRB- Best over LAN -RRB- . Well worth your time and money .
 Years after this game came out , it is still GREAT fun to play ! It comes with some great games like counter strike -LRB- that will keep you online for hours on end -RRB- , day of defeat and a couple more -LRB- team fortress classic , deathmatch classic , codename gordon , ricochet , blue shift , and opposing force . -RRB- The best game in this pack however , is the game that started it all
 Half-Life and all of its mods are great , but not worth 33 dollars . Especially since you can get all those except Half-Life and Blue Shift for free via Steam . All you need to do is buy a half-life cd key and download Steam . Steam then gives you the options of downloading , for free , Counter-Strike , Opposing Force , Team Fortress Classic , plus Day of Defeat , Ricochet , and Death Match Classic . Besides these , there are a lot of third party mods that you can download and put on to steam . Natural Selection has a lot of players and it is third party right now.Also , it doesnt look like it is any different than the first platinum pack , which was 29 dollars when I bought it a year and a half ago.I gave it five stars because it is a fun game , just do n't buy this pack . Buy Half-Life by its self . Save yourself some money .
 Love playing this game still after all these years . My only complaint is that with my computer , I could not get the other games up and running . It seems that my computer is &#34; too new &#34; according to an IT and computer management guy at work . Oh well , I can still rely on the original and Gordon Freeman to entertain me .
 Really enjoyed this classic FPS . Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed . i highly recommend purchasing . Graphics are great , story-line is solid -LRB- and not so short -RRB- , audio is excellent and the price is right .
 I was a late comer to this Quake-2 engined FPS game . One or two of my clan buddies and some other online gamers I knew were heavily into the whole Team Fortress scene via their purchase of Half Life . PC Gamer had rated this exceptionally high , and most of the gaming sites I surfed all mentioned Half Life in some form or another.The game had actually come bundled with my video card at the time for my computer . I shrugged at it because I had so many other games and other activities at the time . It would n't be until over a year later or so that I would finally crack open the disks and install the thing.Wow , it really opened my eyes to another realm of sci-fi shooters . I was n't hugely impressed like all folks who raved about the game , because it was based on the Quake-2 engine . Now why was that a bad thing ? Because Quake-2 relied on a sector loading model to cut down on huge maps eating up RAM and HD space on relatively primitive computers of the time . The primary reason was the higher polygon count and textures with a slightly larger color palette . It made for a richer gaming experience , but ate up memory and storage space.Solution ; create sections of maps , and marry them . Ergo you leave one area of a map to connect with another . It made for a slightly strange gaming experience , but then got somewhat annoying , all the way down to irritating . I mean games like SHOGO , Thief and Jedi Knight were out at the time , and did n't require the same kind of engine design , AND those games had larger maps , richer textures that made up for models that did n't have the same kind of detail.But , for all that , Half Life did entertain . Set in the midwest Badlands of the USA , this particular science fiction game harkens back a classic 1950 's / 1960 's science fiction formula , only updated for a 90s audience . Science has gone wrong , and it is up to you to mitigate the disaster , and overcome obstacles meant to contain said disaster . There are some aspects that get somewhat repetitive , and when you combine that with the map structure that I mentioned , it gets a little irritating that you ca n't escape to another portion of a larger map -LRB- as you could on other games -RRB- to deal with a threat , challenge or puzzle . Still , the story and setting were compelling enough that I stuck with it , and played through the entire game.I experienced head crabs , zombies , creatures from another world , special forces trying to contain the threat , apache helos trying to kill me , and various puzzles and challenges . It was a lot of fun for a game that had limitations . But , the thing that really helped were all the addons that could be downloaded from the net and applied to the basic story . Titles like `` Redemption '' or `` Azure Sheep '' to name but a couple , did much to prolongate the appeal of a game that , by the time I got around to playing it , had shown its age.In fact , I still play this game to this very day . With the plethora of user made addons it 's hard to see this game vanishing entirely any time soon . It 's fairly primitive by a lot of contemporary standards , but still has a lot of value going for it.Veterans , you already love this.Younger gamers , give it a chance .
 This is the best FPS of all time . Many ground breaking elements introduced with many still not achieved to this day . Though by now the graphics are a little outdated , I promise you that this complete package will entertain you for many hours . Some of the on line multiplayer games are still popular today . And because of the popularity of this game , Mods are still being created to this day . If you like FPS , action , puzzles , single player and multiplayer - get this . You wo n't be disappointed .
 The Half-Life series without a shadow of doubt has a solid reputation of being one of the best FPS titles of all time , if not one of the best games of all time more generally . Valve 's FPS classic will not disappoint for any who do n't mind the dated graphics , and I highly recommend it . Despite the graphics , however , the game has remarkably good support for a game of its age and classic nature . It remains playable and downloadable once registered on Steam even to this day virtually without issue . Even though the graphics are dated and the game is quite old , the game has quite good support for a wide range of monitor resolutions - arguably better support for many widescreen monitors of today than many titles that have been released even very recently.But with this set that is n't all you get ! You also get the good old classic Counterstrike ! Still widely played and enjoyed to this day much like the classic Half-Life , Counterstrike will provide you with hours of competitive online play on a wide variety of maps on the wonderful -LRB- and free ! -RRB- Steam online service provided by Valve . Counterstrike and its sequel Counterstrike
 I found Half-Life to be as good as many current games out now . It reminded me of Soldier of Fortune 2 and Doom 3 -LRB- but with the lights on -RRB- . I was very satisfied . The only problem I had was the firewall , I had to open some ports to play online .
 This is a great game it comes with 5 game . hl , cs , tfc , blue shift , and opposing force . To me the best thing about this set is it is completely steam free !! . You do n't need to go online and register with steam to play these games . Now about the games if you have never played Half-Life you are missing out , it 's a great game it is now getting a little out dated on the graphics end but if you are a true fps gamer you 'll like this game not to mention you 'd be playing a pice of gaming history . Half Life is a great game and probly one of the only games that has so many usser created mods out there that make the game worth buying all in it self you can go to moddb of planent half life and download some really great half life mods that add hours and hours of fun to this game after you beat it .
 I did n't really get this edition at all . But I do have the games inside of it . What I got is the 2006 Christmas Bundle on my birthday in 2008 . I got Blue Shift , and Opposing Force at a later time . But all the same all of these games are really nice .
 This is a great game with lots of MODS -LRB- They Hunger for one -RRB- . Some will be put off by the `` dated '' graphics , but if you 've never tried the `` first and the best '' of the FPS give Half Life and its numerous add-ons and mods a try .
 Even a Scinance Nerd can be a Action Hero ... And Half-Life is the first time I 've ever played a game that made me feel Like i was directing an Action flick on par with Die Hard , Aliens , and Terminator all at the same time.The Story was fun , the Action waqs well plentiful , the Puzzles where logical and well layed out , and the it worked on steam so that i could play a few of the mods made for it.I got this package for jsut the original Half-Life but all the rest that comes with it is a nice bonus ...
 This game rocks it was groundbreaking and the marine A.I. is a force to contend with . But my favorite thing about this collection is the online multiplayer primarily Day of Defeat a WWII based Nazis vs. allies game it rocks !!! so challenging and fun ! Cant wait for Day of Defeat Source from Half Life 2 .
 2D Sidescrolling adventure , One player . More for mature players . As a video game lover , S.O.S. is the greatest console game of its time . You play as your choice of 4 gentlemen on a cruise liner that is soon to be doomed , as a vicious storm rages and a huge tidal wave rushes toward the boat . Just as you get accustomed to your surroundings , the wave hits , turning the ship UPSIDE DOWN . You awaken , finding yourself literally on the ceiling as the ship had been turned over . Your goal is to find a way out of this ship , while meeting other survivors along the way . As you meet the other survivors , you have a choice as a stronger willed person to convince them to go with you , or leave them behind . The catch with this game as far as trying to help others survive is that the ship is filling with water , and it shifts positions as it sinks and as you try to discover your way out .
 Although I never completed it when I played it about 9 years ago , I do remember that this game was very compelling.From what I can remember , this game takes place on a ocean liner that has just flipped over , and you have to escape . You can choose to be a few different charachters and try to get out of the ship in time.The game was very fun to play . Although I died every time while playing , I had a lot of fun going through the ship . My favorate charachter to play as was the babysitter who had to escape with 2 kids in tow . That was a lot of fun.The main problem with the game was that it was too hard and too short . It always took just 20 minutes for the ship to sink -LRB- With me on it -RRB- and I always died . Plus , I couldent find my way around.Overall , this game was a lot of fun to play , and I wouldent hesitate to pick it up if I found it.The Good : You have to escape from a upisde down shipgood sense of doomlots of fun to playThe bad : Very difficultyou have rediculously short amount of time to escapeThe Ugly : noneSummary : If you always wanted to play out `` The Posidon Adventure '' This game is your dream come true
 2D Sidescrolling adventure , One player . More for mature players . As a video game lover , S.O.S. is the greatest console game of its time . You play as your choice of 4 gentlemen on a cruise liner that is soon to be doomed , as a vicious storm rages and a huge tidal wave rushes toward the boat . Just as you get accustomed to your surroundings , the wave hits , turning the ship UPSIDE DOWN . You awaken , finding yourself literally on the ceiling as the ship had been turned over . Your goal is to find a way out of this ship , while meeting other survivors along the way . As you meet the other survivors , you have a choice as a stronger willed person to convince them to go with you , or leave them behind . The catch with this game as far as trying to help others survive is that the ship is filling with water , and it shifts positions as it sinks and as you try to discover your way out .
 Well I just got the game but it has alot of action I mean killer robots well you know the Phantom in the future you know.You have tons of weapons that you may get and one thing I think is cool is that you can swing from a rope and shoot enemies you can even scale walls with it.Good plot and not a linear game like most side scrollers.You have to solve a mystery and you can go all over different parts of town or just hit the streets looking for trouble.A deffinate must buy !!
 Beavis and Butthead is better on sega than it is on super nintendo !!! This game is the best oldschool game ever ! Whoever buys the game on nintendo is stuped . they should n't have put the game on super nintendo because it is really cool on sega . BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD ON SEGA RULES !!!!
 This game is so dumb that it is fun if you love bevis and butt-head you have to get this then .
 This is the greatest Genesis game ever made . If you have a Sega lying around ... BUY IT !! I believe this is one of the best games ever made !
 THIS GAME RULES !!!!! THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER !!!!! SO MUCH FUN !!! YOU CAN FART BELCH AND JUST BE GROSS !!!! THIS IS SO COOL !!! HAHAHAHAHA !!!!!! KWON HOLIO ME NEED TEEPEE FOR MY BUNG HOLE
 This game is good in capturing the shows feel . It 's sick , twisted , and still , fun . When your Gwar tickets get eaten , puked back up , and sent through a lawnmower you got to track down each piece . In doing so you explore the town that Beavis and Butthead lives in and interact with many familure faces if you watch the show . Fun , yet , hard game to beat . Love it none the less , worth the buy no matter if you 're pro-Beavis and Butthead or not .
 One of the many memories of the 16-bit console wars between Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo I had was comparing games that had come out on both systems . Typically , the SNES version of the game was better . However , there were a few rare occasions where a Sega Genesis version of a game was superior . In this instance , I remember being very pleasantly surprised , because both systems got very different games , and the Sega Genesis version was clearly much better and more fun.The plot of the game is pretty simple . Beavis and Butthead find out their favorite band Gwar is coming to play in their town soon , so they purchase a pair of tickets . The tickets get eaten by the neighbors dog , who then pukes them into a lawnmower . The wind sweeps away the ticket pieces . Rather than go out and buy more tickets -LRB- I assume they could n't afford another pair -RRB- Beavis and Butthead embark on a quest to find the ticket pieces . And so our game begins ... First off , the style of this game is quite enjoyable . Beavis and Butthead are both playable characters . Two players can lead Beavis and Butthead or one player can control either Beavis or Butthead while allowing the computer to control the other character . You can switch at any time , and only the character you are playing as will take damage . In short , the computer will not get you killed , which is a giant relief.Beavis and Butthead start off without items or weapons . Beavis will belch a noxious green gas to attack enemies while Butthead relies on a slower fart move . Right off the bat , Beavis is the preferrable character . You pick up items and try to figure out the use of each item as you explore Highland Hig School , The Mall , Burger World , The Drive-In , The Hospital , The Street , and ultimately The Gwar Concert . You choose which area you want to visit , and each area can be visited multiple times . The whole point is to pick up items and figure out where and how to use them , ultimately to find the ticket pieces . This is quite a fun inventory game that almost reminds me of the old Sierra-Nevada games , like Space Quest or King 's Quest . For example
 This game is so much fun . It is a two player coopertive game where you can be Beavis or Butthead . Beavis burps as an attack and Butthead farts . They lose their GWAR tickets in the beginning and the plot of the game is for you to go around and find the tickets while exploring Highland and encountering enemies that you must burp or fart on . Bottom Line
 This game maybe hard but with Game Genie codes it is alot easier to play and I really enjoy this game alot and my main favorite Bevaise And ButtHead Game ever made my Friend and I played it together and we both had alot of fun with it and we both beat it and really enjoyed this was the first Beavis And ButtHead game I have ever played and really still have a blast playing it to this day And I have beaton this game alot because of the Game Genie codes for the Sega Genesis is why but I really Recommend this game to anybody who is a fan of Beavis And ButtHead I like the burp and fart effects in this game which is very funny This game rocks and it is just awesome to play for being almost 19 years old I wish they would make a newer Beavis And ButtHead game for the ps3 from the new Season that cameout in 2011 that would be very funny and Awesome as well .
 Nothing like reliving your childhood memories like breaking out the sega and playing all the old games you use to like this classic !
 Very very fun side scrolling action , great game.It has quite a challenge to it and is an addicting game once picked up you ca n't set it down .5 / 5
 I bought this game last year for 20 bucks it was worth it at the time but now after i beat this game i dont feel like playing it again I would rate this game as three stars but its funny like the show if you like the show you might like this game .
 Most games based on TV shows or movies suck , but not this one!Graphics :10 / 10
 It 's Beavis and Butthead!sure , it 's not the greatest game , but if you are a fan , check it out !
 Beavis and Butthead is better on sega than it is on super nintendo !!! This game is the best oldschool game ever ! Whoever buys the game on nintendo is stuped . they should n't have put the game on super nintendo because it is really cool on sega . BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD ON SEGA RULES !!!!
 This game is kinda old but bought 2 copies of this game so my wife and I could play it multiplayer . We were looking for a fishing game since we both are avid fishermen . Not bad of a game for a fishing game , though ive yet to find a descent one . 4 stars for the fun factor , but overall i gave it 2 stars . The game is full of bugs though.Known bugs so far
 This game is okay . Not great , but not bad . Although , the graphics are great ! It ca n't quite make my cut for being recommended . So I do not recommend this game . There are way better fishing games out there fore any console especially for PC .
 I love the Lion King Game ! It is still fun after i 've been playing it for , oh maybe , 6 or 7 years . There are 10 levels . The first one is The Pridelands , where little Simba learns to jump , roll , climb , and kill enemies , like iguanas and hedgehogs , and a big one at the end ! The second level is Ca n't Wait To Be King , where Simba gets thrown by monkeys , bounced by rhinos , and can take a ride on an ostritch . It 's a little tricky to find out what you have to do to get thrown in the right place -LRB- hint
 It 's a blast ! I had fun playing , with tons of levels for you to tackle ! It starts as young Simba and you progress into adult Simba . You get more exciting moves too ! And tackle your evil uncle himself , Scar ! I give it two thumbs up !
 I do still have a Super Nintendo . I believe it was the best system of it 's day , and I still enjoy playing games on it . The games , such as this one , are really good ; even when compared to today 's games . This game in particular brings back fond memories ... I was first introduced to this game at a dentist 's office -LRB- it was one of the games you could play in a small room while you waited for your turn -RRB- . It was second only to a Sonic the Hedgehog game as my favorite game to play in there . My mom saw me playing it and thought that young Simba was so cute , she bought it for me . It 's harder for younger kids than older kids , as it was more challenging for me back then then it is now . Still , I can remember when I first got past the `` Hakuna Matatta '' level , and Simba became an adult ; it felt quite magical to control a young cub in the first several levels , and then see and control him as an adult in the rest . Beating the `` Be Prepared '' level , and defeating Scar were also proud accomplishments . The bonus levels were fun -LRB- my favorite being the Pumba one -RRB- , and even when I did finish the game I played it over and over and over . I did , however , never leave the easy difficulty * blushes * . Still this is a wonderful game , with many pros and no cons I can think of . If your mom has n't already gotten you this , and you still have a Super Nintendo , then you need to get this game for your collection .
 it 's official I SUCK at the lion king game LOL I honestly thought it was because back in the day -LRB- age 7-10 -RRB- i was young . Nope lol even at the age of 21 i still stink lolbut it seems totally fun but I cant make it past pridelands -LRB- hangs head in shame -RRB- lol
 I really love this game , but unfortunately it is really short . I just dug it out the other day and I played it on hard with no cheats . It takes about 30 minutes to beat the whole game . But before you figure out all the patterns and order you have to do things , it is a really challenging and fun old game to play . : - -RRB-
 It 's a fun game , it looks great is is very challenging despite the fact that it 's for super Nintendo .
 I really enjoyed playing this game while I was growing up . The only problem I had with my particular game was getting trapped in Level 8 -LRB- with the lava -RRB- . For some reason , once I reached a certain point in that level , it was like an invisible wall blocked me from jumping out of that particular area . I could crouch and see what was below me , but I had no way of getting there ! It happened EVERY time . Needless to say , I was never able to finish the game because of this.Other than that , it was a wonderful game . I still played it over and over , even knowing that I would never be able to advance beyond Level 8 . Maybe I 'll buy another from this site and try again ...
 The lion king was pretty fun at first i thought it was going to be boring but it ended up to be pretty fun . Kids of all ages will like this game.If you liked this game Check out the other lion king games out there .
 I loved this game so much as a kid . The tragic things with what we loved as kids is that often our judgment is clouded by nostalgia and coming back to a childhood love is often disappointing . The Lion King for SNES -LRB- and its Genesis counterpart -RRB- do NOT disappoint . I found myself wondering how I beat the thing at age eight ! It provides a challenge even for adult gamers . Not only does it deliver wonderful gameplay but the graphics are gorgeous . The music is also great and catchy . It 's an overall quality game .
 Had a few issues getting it to play , but that can be expected from a game this old . Otherwise , it works and was delivered in a timely manner .
 This game is a classic . This version is on the Super Nintendo . It starts out pretty simple , but picks up quickly . It 's challenging at parts and can be a bit frustrating , but what classic game is n't ? A great addition to any SNES collection .
 Was in awesome condition and works like it is brand new ! Very Awesome and I am very happy about it !
 i boguth this game due to em wantign it since seeing it in a used game store when i was young but not having an oldschool console coudl n't play it so i finnaly get it and the cartridge is in very good shape and works eprfectly liek descritian grapchics are beautiful for the 16 bit era but the game is hard aand i mean hard so better build up patiance cause you 'll need it
 I first played this game when I was 5 on my cousin 's Super Nintendo . I always loved the movie and this is one of the few games based on a movie that I feel is truly based on the movie , and not the game creator 's version of the movie . Five stars for that part.Overall , I have to rate this game four stars because while it is a great game , it is very hard , even by classic Nintendo standards . There are three levels that I do not enjoy playing because the difficulty is set way too high , even on easy mode.If you love the Lion King , and have a soft spot for the SNES system , this game is a must . It is beautiful , and the music score is even more so . The game captures the feel of the movie perfectly , and detracts nothing . Again , five stars for this.I also have a little secret to tell all you guys , something I learned long ago and wrongly assumed everyone knew . If you press the buttons B , A , R , R , Y in sequence quickly enough -LRB- within five seconds should do it -RRB- while in the difficulty menu , you will enter another menu where you can go to any level of the game -LRB- even the minigames -RRB- , and also turn on an ` invincible mode ' cheat which allows you to be attacked without taking damage -LRB- does n't save you from falling in lava , water , down pits , or getting hit by boulders though -RRB- . Back to the product . The game came within three weeks of my order at the same time as a few other items I had ordered from other sellers . I had ordered a used copy , but it worked perfectly on the first try , I did n't even have to blow on the cartridge or break out the quetips . It also looked great , like it had just come out of the box for the first time .
 This is a great product ! It seems like yesterday I just played it even though its been 13 years . I still love this game just like when I was a kid .
 I used to love this game back in the day of SNES it was very easy to play and very fun and the graphics looked pretty good for snes
 I just love this game ! Not only did it entertain me years ago during a time of video games with -LSB- disappointing -RSB- graphics , it is very cute and will keep you busy for hours . Any fan of SNES needs to try it out !
 This game is great ! I 've only got to the lava level because it 's really hard . I was introduced to this by my cousin , and one of my best friends , when she was playing it on Sony . It 's so much fun . I finally beat the water fall and I really want to buy it . I ca n't wait to get it cuz I ca n't rent it anymore with Super Nintendo and all . But it 's still so much fun !
 I have had this game for a couple of years now , and I still wo n't stop playing it !! Ok , I might be a little old to play it , but thats OK , because my friends do n't need to know about their 13 year old friend playing this game . Anyways , I 'm addicted to The Lion King !! It is one of my favorite games for SNES . And I am a cheater , since I use the invincibility code -LRB- ... -RRB- . But the game is really fun . BUY THE GAME !! IT 'S WORTH IT !!
 There are many advertised XBox Green DVD Cases . I have purchased from several vendors ... but THESE are the real deal . Not some flimsy wanna-be look-alike immitation ... these cases appear to be just like new ones you get when you buy a new XBox 360 game . Maybe I should n't be telling you this , because I want some more of these and this is where I plan to get them . Leave me some ... do n't buy them all .
 So glad to see you finally added this product . I have been hooked on the Kidsedge website for a year now . It is the best all around educational `` magazine '' I have found . I get great ideas for my third graders -- the ones who need motivation and the GATE kids . We used it today during science and ended up at a virtual museum tour on bugs . I could n't get the kids to stop for lunch ! The articles are interesting , and I am always downloading them for the teacher 's room . My husband teaches computers in high school and liked the recent article on cheating in America .
 I 've always been a big fan of sim games - the ones where you build an entire civilization from almost the ground up . So when I found this great pack of three games from Sierra , I bought it with great expectations and was only slightly disappointed.Great Empires II contains full versions of three games - `` Caesar III '' , `` Zeus '' , and `` Pharaoh '' . Even better , the `` Cleopatra '' expansion to `` Pharaoh '' is on the `` Pharaoh '' disk , and the `` Poseidon '' expansion disc for `` Zeus '' is included as well.Although , as many other reviewers have noted , no instruction manual is included , the in-game tutorials are more than enough for anyone wishing to try these games out . The interface in all the games is fairly similar , since they are all based off of the same game engine . The game play is fairly simple , but involving enough to interest those wishing to build their own Rome , or their own Greece , or their own Egypt.Each game gives you plenty of scenarios to attempt , and also gives you a way to work through an entire empire , from it 's virtually tribal beginnings to a huge ancient metropolis.My personal favorite of the three is `` Pharaoh '' . With the `` Cleopatra '' expansion that is included , it is easily the most engaging of the three empires . With this disc you can learn what it took to get the Nile River civilization off of the ground - from harvesting the crops produced by the annual flooding of the lands near the river to trading with and/or conquest of neighbors.The others are also engaging if you do n't mind a similar `` feel '' to your games - and that feel is primarily due to the interface provided by a similar game engine being used for all three games . Caesar III is a `` sequel '' of sorts to Sierra 's earlier `` Caesar '' and `` Caesar II '' . It allows you to attempt to build the Roman civilization from tribal beginnings to a city that needs such things as a huge Coliseum . The Zeus/Poseidon game is very similar - it allows you to build the Grecian civilization , but includes a nice touch - you now can control the Gods of Ancient Greece and get them to do things like help you wipe out your neighbors with plagues , famines , drought , floods , and other calamities.If you like sim type games , this is a nice buy for the price . You ca n't beat three games and two expansions in one box . My only complaint is that they could have included the instruction manual on the disc as a way to help new players understand what they needed to do to win the game . Still recommended for those interested in managing an entire civilization - from its rise to its eventual fall .
 The City Building Series starts , oddly , with Caesar 3 . Caesar and Caesar 2 are sufficiently different that knowing how to play either of those games will not give you a clue as to how to play Caesar 3 , Pharaoh , Zeus , or Emperor . The same holds true in reverse.The best way to view these games , IMHO , is this : Caesar 3 is the progenitor of the City Building Series proper . It featured the introduction of basic concepts such as labor walkers , warehouses , foreign trade , sea trade , and so on.Notably , when compared to the rest of the series , it lacked roadblocks . Given that roadblocks were put in the subsequent games due primarily to fan demand , their absence in C3 is easily understood and forgiven -LRB- particularly since you can , with only a minor amount of effort , make city gates confer the exact same benefit to your city as roadblocks provide to the other games -RRB- . And since it 's still possible to build functioning housing blocks without either gates or roadblocks , the lack of them is n't a problem , and is more of a challenge to your designing skills.Pharoah and Cleopatra took the basic C3 engine and added a vatload of complexity . It was still the same basic engine , but with many more features
 A friend and I are both playing the games in this collection right now . She prefers the Egyptian themed games , Pharoah and Cleopatra , but I like the Greek games , Zeus and Poseidon , much better than the earlier installments . Our differing opinions show how other potential buyers might find some of the games in this set more entertaining than others , but with five games for twenty dollars , you are bound to get your money 's worth out of the package even if you only like one game/expansion set.I have played a lot of sims , especially `` quiet '' games that do n't focus on combat -LRB- Zoo Tycoon , Roller Coaster Tycoon , The Sims , Dungeon Keeper , etc. -RRB- , and I have to say that I find the Zeus/Poseidon games especially engaging . The agricultural and mercantile elements of city building are fascinating ! I find that the AI in the Greek games is much improved over the earlier games , particularly in the way that building safety and maintenance are handled . In Egypt the buildings are much more fire-prone ! One minor quibble about Poseidon is that it lacks map variety , since most of the games are set in Atlantis . That round map with the water channels is very difficult to build on ! I do n't mind the challenge , but greater variety in the open-ended campaigns would be nice.Overall , this is a lovely set and is well worth the price . If you like sims and city building games , this is a great buy . I particularly recommend it for women gamers like myself , who enjoy non-violent PC games .
 They finally got it right with Emperor
 I have n't bought this set and these reviews have n't been really helpful , so i did a little research . As suspected this title inculdes Caeser III , Pharoah , Cleopatra -LRB- expansion to Pharoah -RRB- , Zeus , and Poseidon -LRB- expansion to Zeus -RRB- . I 've played all these titles seperatly and I absolutely love the series . This set is a FAR better deal than buying the titles individually . This is a real bargain if you ask me ; - -RRB-
 `` Caesar III '' is a best-selling , top-rated historical city building game that established the genre seven years ago . It lets you run a city in ancient Rome . It was so popular that `` Zeus '' / `` Poseidon '' for cities in ancient Greece and `` Pharaoh '' / `` Cleopatra '' for cities in ancient Egypt soon followed.This collection is an excellent deal to get the three Caesar III , Zeus , Pharaoh games and the two Poseidon , Cleopatra expansions . Each culture has a different theme treatment for landscapes , buildings , characters , goods , interactions with other cities etc.Game play ranges from easy to difficult depending on what scenarios and difficulty levels you choose to play . Game help is available in the player menus . Even better help is available free from online fan sites offering strategy guides , walkthroughs , and faqs.If you like these games , check out also the modern game treatment -LRB- `` Sims2 '' - like zooming 3D landscapes and characters -RRB- now available for ancient Egypt in `` Children of the Nile '' -LRB- reviewed separately -RRB- and ancient Rome in `` Caesar IV '' -LRB- due Fall 2006 -RRB- .
 A gamer from USA is correct that there are no instruction manuals , however , I called Sierra Technical Customer Service and the Cleopatra expansion is on the same disk as Pharaoh . Upon further inspection I found this to be true.These are some of the best City Building type games available and instruction manuals and game guides can be found on-line . Do n't let their absence deter you from purchasing this excellent collection !
 I love this package of games . If you like civilization you 'll l love this game . It has most of the same features but with a more user friendly interface that makes it easy to figure out what to do , so you 're not spending so much time trying to figure out how to play and more time accually playing . I found it to be quite addicting and I would loose track of time while playing these games .
 I love the city builder series and this is a holy grail compilation for me . I love these games and they were a big part of my childhood so it 's great to have them all .
 first , this is the first review i have ever wrote.next , This game is great and i have only got the trial versions ! i 'm going to get it soon . last , I think it 's a exelent choice for any gamer !!!
 I think it does n't have anough campaings.But the game is still good .
 I love the collection of games . loved them when i ran win2k ... With vista the cleopatra expansion does not work , not even in older modes availiable . thank you not microsoft and you unwillingnes to support older software fully .
 I ordered the Great Empires Collection 2 mainly for the Pharaohs game which I loved playing years ago but had lost . Most sellers here probably do n't actually carry the retail box of this title as this ad shows , but instead will ship you 3 different games -LRB- Zeus Gold-Master of Olympus with Poseidon exp pack / Pharaoh Gold with Cleopatra exp pack and Caesar III -RRB- . Packaging may also say from Sold Out Software . -LRB- see photos I have posted on main ad page -RRB- This is not anything to worry about though . Each package contains the full retail version of each game , including the expansion packs and the game manuals on the disc in PDF format . I had read reviews before ordering and had seen complaints about there not being a manual and such . The items I received were new packages , work perfectly and do contain manuals on the disc . These games are classics and allow you to think more than to just run & gun as in a lot of games today . You have to carefully plan and think your way through this and that gives you a greater involvement in the game and in what you build within it . These games are great for young and old alike . I highly recommend them . If you decide to order this item I would recommend buying from the seller GREATSTUFF53 . My order arrived very quickly , within a couple days , and in perfect new condition .
 You 'll get to play five games in beautifully detailed graphics and animation ; it 's challenging and very addictive . Expect to spend lots of hours on the computer against your will.My favorite is Caesar ; I often end up playing it till the wee hours of the nite.Check the Sierra site for patches .
 Hi guys , I found these games really really good . They keep you busy . Need to think and plan in every aspect of the game . It eats away all your leasure time . Good for mental exercise !
 All of the games in the package are superb !! All the aspects of life in an ancient city are very finely detailed in all of the games . Like the many different foods they ate , or the goods and services they used . the city-building series by sierra are some of the best strategy games that I have played . The graphics are ok , they could be a little better as far in detail . the detail of the storyline , like in egypt and cleopatra seems very true to history , which makes the games even more interesting . any strategy game enthusiast would consider this a great buy !
 All of these games in this package are fantastic ! I have played them for hours , and I still like them . Ome of the great things about these games are the ancient city themes about them . knowing that you are building a city like ancient cities long ago is really exciting and fun . The historical are what really make the games interesting for me . The graphics and the art are really colorful and detailed in all of the games . The fact that you can get all of the city - building games by Sierra in one neat and convenient package is a great deal . This is a must have for any avid strategy game fan !
 All of the games in this package are great ! I have always wanted to have all of the city-building games in the series and now they are all combines in this convenient package . Not only do these games provide hours of enjoyment and entertaintment , they are also a good educational tool because they can show young kids how cities in these great ancient civilizations were built and run . Out of all the games in here though , I personally think that Pharaoh is the best . Egypt is my favorite ancient civilization of all , and the game allows me to almost be a part of history . All of the games , though , allow you to really feel how the people of ancient times went through life and how they felt . Anybody who likes city-building games or just andybody who wants to learn more about ancient history , should buy this .
 This will be the best game collection that you ever purchase ! There is something for everyone , all ages and skill levels . This game pack is the reason I play computer games !
 This game is a must have for anyone who ever wanted to run their own country ! I found it to be easy to play , fun and historically accurate . Overall , it is a great collection for a great price .
 Was going to purchase Great Empires but saw this and had to have it !!! All your favorite city building games in one incredibly cheap package !!! Best city building games a must have . All In One Package !!!!!! Ca n't wait for Emperor
 If you loved the Disney animated movie , then your going to love this game.The graphics and gameplay for a platformer still stand the test of time.It feels as if your playing the animated movie.Has a bunch of cool special features , plus the music and the voices are all in there!You are going to have a blast !
 Robot Wars is a phenomenal game . First i will tell you about the arenas . the original one is in london and is the one they use in the tv show . It has a floor fliper , pit , spikes flame throwers and a pit . The Volcano arena is in Tanzania and doesnt have any thing except a nuke that is ready to blast off . The militairy base is in russia and has a big pit . It also has a bunch of landmines and it is funny when sir killalot drives on one . The Rooftop arena is on a japanese skyscraper . It has a skylight which brakes or you could just push a robot of the side . The scrapyard arena is in Brazil . it has a crusher . The steel factory is in New York . It has a lava pit and a botomles hole . My favorite arena is the oil rig . It is in The north sea . It has a giant drill flame throwers and a gap in the fenceThe robots include the winner of series 2 panic attack , the winner of series 3 and 4 chaos 2 , the winner of series 5 razer , behemoth , firestorm , pussycat , terrorhurtz , mortis , thor , hypnodisc and diotior . Or you can make your own with a lot of diffrent shapes , wheels , batterys , weapons , armor and extras .
 I am a huge robot wars fan , and I got this game for my birthday , and its great its got some of the great Robot Wars competitor robots Firestorm , Behemoth , The two time Uk champion Chaos 2 , Panik attack , And the World champion Razer there are a few inacurate things the damage is a little unrealistic the whole armour can be ripped away the voice overs a little off -LRB- He 's not Jonethon Pierce . -RRB- but its a great game , and you can build your own robot . If you like Robot Wars you will want this game even if you do n't like robot wars or you do n't know what it is buy it .
 Yes yes , i agree . Damage is unrealistic ect ... ect ... But all thisunrealism gives fun at 100 % . Think about it . For example Max Payne.No one can go in bullettime . Blame it , it 's unrealistic . But you like it . So think about this game and dont blame it unless you did.P.S I dont blame Max payne , i love the game .
 my grandson loves the game and play with it all the time . he said this was one of the best things i ever gave him .
 Added this to my C & C games . Get it while they still exist . Add it to yours .
 Command & Conquer Generals `` rocks ! '' The sound , story line , and special effects are awesome . If you like to kick terrorist ass `` buy the game asap ! '' Generals is worth every dollar . Make sure your video card is at least 64 MB . I have a ATI Radeon 9000 64 MB . By the way ! This game is not racist !!!! If you think the terrorists in this game are some sort of freedom fighters `` YOU HAVE A BIG PROBLEM . GET SOME PROFESSIONAL HELP ! '' Bush/Cheney 2004
 Graphics are incredible for when the game came out ... Storyline is good -LRB- except the ending -RRB- Time travel , interesting characters , several plot twists , and some cool puzzles . Would give game a 5 if not for the ending ...
 How Do You Get Past Old Man Willow ? What Do You Do ? I think after reading the reviews that I might know , but if someone reads this soon and knows , please respond !!! I 'm Stuck !!! I rate this a 5 because so far I like it !
 gosh the balrog is inposibal you ca n't kill him you hit him 10 times and by that time he killes you in one hit and if you nead health go bake to the people and turn right and there is lambas bread and on the left there is the spirit stuf good luck i am still working on it
 i am reveiwing based on my memory of playing this about 9 years ago -LRB- when fellowshiop came out -RRB- It is an unusually good game becasue it is heavily story driven , not just an action bash with hollow `` cardboard '' characters like `` Return of the King '' was . Frodo Baggins , Sam , and the Gafer are all in this and puts you closer to the agenda of the world of `` Hobbiton '' and the outlaying shire and more . Somthing often overlooked in today is the detail of your tasks and story as much as action . The action is not like `` Return of the King '' but it is enough when you have such wonderfully told story and excellent voice actors and dialogue . The dialouge was writen for this game -LRB- not quotes recorded on a Zeus II or whatever from the movie like ROTK and no , they were NOT real actors , just recordings from ROTK like the rts I did the same for Baldur 's Gate -RRB- . This game was more an adventure than action and the script was written for this game , not extracts from the quotes in the movie . Moreover , the adventure elements from small subplotting as ` get me a crank for my well '' to the major roles from going to Bree or the mines was more engaging than just `` hack 'n slash '' the evil ghosts in the Lost Kings Cataolm -LRB- like in Return of King 's Aragorn campaing -RRB- . Though Eliah Wood , Sean Astin , Viggo Mortesien and Christopher Lee were not in this , it had great actors and scripts that were unique . If the movie actors HAD been in it it would ONLY have been good if the script were writen for this game , not extracted from a movie ! I find that a bit impersonal for even an RTS let alone a hack 'n slash `` action adventure '' . Fellowship is about the `` adventure '' part of this ! As it stands , this is the best of the LoR 's games , the Hobbit being a bit cheesy though it too was exclusively plotted for the game , it was n't as good as Fellowship .
 This game is based on `` The Lord of the Rings '' book trilogy written by the great author J.R.R. Tolkien . So do n't expect the characters in this game to look like the characters from `` The Lord of the Rings Movie trilogy . And do NOT expect the characters to have the same voice tones as the characters from `` The Lord of the Rings '' movie trilogy . That is all on `` The Lord of the Rings
 The Lord of the Rings
 The graphics and sound in this game are just so brilliant ! The game play and story line in The Lord of the Rings
 Oh , alright ! So maybe this game is not a great game to most people which means that it is not a classic . But it is , and always will be , a classic in my own opinion . ` The Lord of the Rings
 For a long terrible day `` The Lord of the Rings
 Many people probably do n't like this game because they probably think it is very boring . But it is very adventurous and exciteing to me . I happen to like games that start out slow and then , eventually , get action packed and fun . That is exactly how I like a good game to be . And that is exactly how ` The Lord of the Rings
 I had so much fun playing this great PC game ! I am going to play it again very soon . I liked solving puzzles , exploring around each place I was at , and fighting off evil enemies . The Lord Of The Rings
 I think this game is pretty cool overall.First off , the bads . The water is sometimes there and sometimes not . You ca n't be Legolas or Gimli . The faces and bodies of the characters look weird . Gandalf sucks with his sword when you first get him . The game is way too short.Now for the goods . The weapons are pretty cool and the orcs , Uruk-hai , and trolls are cool too . The graphics are n't bad at all . You get to fight trolls , orcs , Uruk-hai , a barrow-wight , a Balrog , the Nazgul -LRB- Black Riders -RRB- , Men , spiders , wolves , and wargs in a bunch of different environments that are pretty detailed.The bosses in this game are sometimes easy , sometimes really tough . The only real big problem with this game is that it is too short . Overall the Fellowship is a pretty good game .
 SO WHAT IF THERE IS A LOT OF NEGATIVE REVIEWS ABOUT ` THE LORD OF THE RINGS
 AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME . There are a lot of -LSB- people -RSB- out there who think the game is to short or boring . Well I got news for them this is the best adventure game out there along with Jedi Outcast 11 . Graphics :10 Gameplay :10 + Controls :9 + Hardness :10 + + Thats what I give this game the hardest most fun game out there . And for all those wimps who ca n't get past the black riders listen to this . When the Nazgul is going to Bags End run like hell down the road and hide behind the mill . Does that help ? Hope so . All the characters are fun but I personally love playing Frodo even though he has weak weapons . Moria took me 3 days it is so hard . ... BUY THIS GAME PEOPLE IT SO COOL !
 After reading some of the really negative reviews for this game , I was expecting to be really let down . I was determined to still get it though , and was actually surprised by how fun it was ! I found it to be a very enjoyable game , and the only really big let down to be that it was too short ! I think it 's especially good for people who do n't usually play games though -LRB- like me , -RRB- because its very simple and straight forward . I only had to look at the manual a few times before I had all the buttons and commands down . Also , it is very close to the book , with only a few changes that were necessary to keep it stream-lined and interesting . What I really liked about it was how it felt so much like the actual story ! It 's a very linear game and it even has little animated segways to help progress the plot between the different levels and such . It feels like watching a little movie , where you get to play out certain parts of it ! All the levels were very enjoyable , but I think Moria was the best by far ! I had lots of fun exploring all the different chambers , and even more fun getting lost in them ! Another thing I enjoyed was how other members of the Fellowship followed `` me '' around and helped kill enemies . They 're all `` in character '' too . Legolas shoots arrows from a distance while the other members fight it out with sword and axe ! I found this amusing for some reason . Overall , I 'd recommend this game to anyone who has read The Lord of the Rings and would like to `` play '' the story !
 A new Lord of the Rings RPG is out for the PS2 , XBox and other platforms . How well does the first book in the trilogy translate to a role playing game?To start with , you 're doing a role-playing game and start out as Frodo . There 's no fighting , just wandering around in a very nicely rendered Morrowind-style graphic house and town . You have a purity meter , so do n't go stealing things from others ' houses!You have simple quests to achieve - get a mill working , find the pigs . You gather up some firecrackers and mushrooms -LRB- yum ! -RRB- and deal with your annoying relatives . In hardly any time at all you 've met up with Sam , Merry and Pippin and have left the Shire.The game progresses like that - Frodo just creeps along , solves random quests and tries to stay pure . You can use the ring to find secret areas , but using the ring makes you more corrupt . You have to do good deeds -LRB- i.e. these little quests -RRB- to keep yourself balanced . Eventually you can also play Aragorn and Gandalf , and stop into other locations such as Bree , Weathertop , Rivendell , and up through the end of the book at the river 's edge.I was disappointed because the back of the game made it sound as if you could * be * any of the three characters -LRB- Frodo , Aragorn , Gandalf -RRB- . Instead you 're stuck as Frodo in the beginning , trudging around from house to house . Most houses do n't even have anyone in them and the few that do are often empty . The puzzles are solved in about 2 minutes each with little thought.I do enjoy the graphics , and the way each character is a ` type ' is fun . Frodo 's purity and thieving skills , Aragorn 's fighting , Gandalf 's magic . The cut scenes are good and help to move the story along , and flow in with what you are doing.Still , I really would have enjoyed something a bit more involved , with quests that involved more actual thought , with real thieving being necessary instead of just ` pick lock - ok got deed ' and ` sneak along road - ok got past riders ' . The quests are very obvious - you get 2 or 3 explicit clues for each one that push you into the right direction . The voice actors sometimes seem bored with what is a world-rescuing epic . Gandalf 's recitation of the ` one ring to rule them all ' at the beginning sounds like he 's reading through a shopping list!In any case , it 's fun to wander around the various locations and interact with the characters from the book . The graphics are nice , and they include many characters that the movie did n't have time to include . A must have for Lord of the Rings fans , if only to participate in sort of a ` moving story book ' that lets them , for a time , return to that fantastically detailed world created by J.R.R. Tolkein . As a HUGE fan of the series , that includes me !
 Hey guys , I know a lot of you are complaining that `` this game is too short '' but think about it
 When I bought this game , I expected it to be a cheap imitation of a book series -LRB- a la Harry Potter and the Sorceror 's Stone -RRB- . Quite on the contrary I was suprised.This game is extremely impressive . I presumed that it would primarily follow the plot of the movie . However , this game is extremely true to the book . Unlike the movie , it contains characters like the Sackville Bagginses and Tom Bombadil . The story line is very good ; as Frodo , Aragorn or Gandalf you must complete various tasks , each task taking you closer to Mount Doom.The graphics are also very impressive . I 'm running this game on a Dell 2ghz Celeron with 256 mb ram and 3D acceleration and it runs quite smoothly and has n't yet caused a problem.The only thing that bothered me about this game is the movement , which is the reason I gave it four stars . You are required to go along certain paths , so the game is quite linear . If only the designers could have taken a card out of Nintendo 's hat and designed it in a Legend of Zelda style . Also , the controls are HORRIBLE you are required to push many different buttons as well as integrate the mouse into your game . Unless you have a strategy-type programmable keyboard , you are in for a run until you learn the controls.However , if you are a devote Lord of the Rings fan , this game is a MUST have . You will love how close to the book it is !
 Just to let users know . I have the XBoX version of this game . It 's pretty challenging and fun . It 's a shame many PC users are having problems running it . A colleague of mine has the PC version and is not experiencing any problems running the game . Escaping the Nazgul in the Shire is another matter entirely . The game is more based on the Peter Jackson film with adjustments , storywise . If you love LOTR load up and enjoy . Takes a while though to finish . Whew .
 ... I 've been on it all day , and still hav n't got bored of it ! The graphics are brilliant , the story line is almost exactly the same as the JRR Tolkien books which I thought was immpresive . You start off as Frodo Baggins and explore the Shire , making friends and running errands - this sounds tedious , but I assure you tis fun . This is the basic get to know the controls part of the adventure , but it starts to get more exciting when you meet the Nazgul . Sneeking past them and meeting up with Sam , Merry and Pippin in farmer Maggots garden.After you go through the Shire , you have to find your way through a labirynth of forests and other such things . The only thing I wasnt too happy about was the fact that the characters did n't look or sound like the people in the film ... but it was based on the book not the film , so I suppose its not a problem.When you meet Aragorn , I found that the fun really began ! You get to kill tonnsa orcs n wargs n collect things as you go . I was the edge of my seat all the way through , the tension is high ! Its not that bloody , but the sounds the orcs make are impressive , lol , ok , i just like seeing them die ! * evil cackle * I 'm actually stuck in Moria so I 'm gon na go back and play the game now , but I HIGHLY reccomend it , and the budding LOTR fans will not be disappointed !
 I would have to say that this is probably the best game i 've ever played . however , i am a HUGE fan of lotr , so i ignored some things with this game . if you are a lotr fan , then get this game . i finished the game w/in 4 days of buying , i spent probably a grand total of probably 10 hours on it , so the game is not that long . it is challenging at times though , especially in the shire getting past the ringwraiths -LRB- that took me about 3 hours . -RRB- graphically its awesome . you want remember the soundtrack . do n't expect to see characters resembling the movie characters . my biggest complaints were
 Well I 'm almost done with this game . I 'm past Lothlorien and I need to rescue one of the hobbit boys who was taken by a nazgul flying lizard with a wraith.I love this game . I thought some parts were hard but when you know the trick to get past them it 's not too bad.This game is worth getting if only to see Moria . I think that is my favorite part of the game and the most fun part too . The battles are not too hard and Gandolf and Gimli make a great fighting team ! Also in Moria is the place where Fordo can make use of the ring ! I thought there was no use for the ring until this part of the game . When Frodo and Gimli are adventuring in Moria it is helpful to use the ring to run past Orcs and then have Gimli fight them while you adventure ahead.I loved the part of Lothlorien I saw up in the tree with Galadriel and Celeborn . I wish I could have walked through lothlorien instead of only seeing a couple rooms up in the tree . It would have been nice as this is one part of the book that really wanted to see in the video game.The fight with the Balrog was pretty easy in Moria . I think battling Old Man Willow was harder ! I 'm not complaining though . Gandalf kicks Balrog butt shooting lighting zaps and then hitting him with his sword.This is definately a game I will replay . It 's a short game but good .
 Maybe not a game for `` hardcore gamers '' , but I found completely enjoyable from start to finish . It took me about 8 hours to complete . If you 're a fan of the books , you 'll enjoy it !
 I love RPGs and this is a great one ! All the people complaining about camera angles have nothing to complain about because the gamer controls the camera angles.In addition , anyone who is mad about the story or the voices not being the same as the movie should n't have bought the game thinking it was going to be the same . The package said nothing about being `` based on the movie . '' Overall I was very impressed with the graphics , especially the Shire which was beautiful . I also had no problems installing or playing the game on XP . So , those of us who knew Tolkien before Peter Jackson , buy this game ! It lets you walk through the Fellowhship as Tolkien wrote it -LRB- WITH Tom Bompadil ! -RRB- . Then for those people who only want blood , gore , and big scary monsters ; go rent the DVD .
 I like it a lot but it could of been made better . It was a smart idea to make a game like this , but I say that it is kind of lame . For instance the graphics are cool but it is hard to addapt such an amazing novel into a a game for the storys dont match as well as I they could of . So I gave it four stars for a fun but yet it is kind of lame .
 Following the story line of J.R.R. Tolkien 's book The Fellowship of the Ring , this third-person action/adventure lets you play as part of the fellowship on a journey from the Shire to the River Anduin . Faithful to J.R.R. Tolkien 's epic masterpiece , this game lets you explore the massive environments of Middle-earth while solving puzzles and fighting enemies like Orcs , Black Riders , and an evil Balrog in the quest to destroy the fabled One Ring of Power .
 I heard that this game was no good . But I am a Big Lord of the Ring -LSB- fan -RSB- so I thought I would buy it just to see ... It is the most fun game . It goes along the book more then the movie which I liked alot . The only thing I did not like about the game was the characters look nothing like the people in the movie and the game is a little to short . That is why I gave it 4 stars . But other then that , it is a really fun game . I am soooo glad I got it . -LRB- A hint ... it is the same type of game Zelda is . -RRB-
 This is a really good game . I am a huge jrr tolkien fan and I wasnt let down by this game like I was the other hack n slash lotr game . This game stays true to the lotr franchiose . GOod graphics and great gameplay ! Pick it up !
 This is an awesome game . I was very surprised how true this is to the book . I love playing as all three characters . It is fun to snipe down people as Aragorn and to hack them up with your sword . It is really fun to be Frodo and watch bewildered orcs get hurt while not seeing you with the ring on . It is extremely fun to see five guys get electracuted by Gandalf 's lightning . In all this is a fun game and it is challenging and fun . I recommend this game to anyone who likes The Lord of the Rings . One more note . Save your game often and do n't get discouraged when you get caught by the Nazgul .
 How good can a PC game get ? The Lord of the Rings
 INCREDIBLE ! HOW DID THE UNIVERSAL INTERACTIVE CO. . MAKE SUCH A WONDERFUL ACTION/ADVENTURE GAME ? I HAD SO MUCH FUN AND JOY PLAYING IT .
 I ca n't wait to buy the sequel to this brilliant PC game ! It is so fun and exciteing ! ` The Lord of the Rings
 You people who do n't like this game are insane ! I have had hours and hours of fun playing it . The only thing that disappoints me about ` The Lord of the Rings
 There are so many things to explore in Universal Interactives ` The Lord of the Rings
 I was given `` The Lord of the Rings
 I do n't play , or even buy , many PC games . But , since I am a Lord of the Rings book , and movie , trilogy fan I just knew I had to own Vivendi Universals The Lord of the Rings
 I just ca n't seem to stop playing this game . I just got out of Bree and there is a lot of enemies to fight . Trolls are fun to fight in this great game . BRING IT ON !!
 If you are looking for a good action/adventure/fantasy game to play over the weekend then I highly suggest you buy `` The Lord of the Rings
 I have had a great time playing `` The Lord of the Rings
 After reading the Fellowship book and seeing the movie I , of course , I had to get the game . Being a Lord of the Rings fanatic , this was a must-have for my collection . The game has its good and bad sides but overall I was very much pleased with this game.First of all , the graphics were amazing and splended . I would say that the high qaulity animation scenes were better than many of the Playstation2 graphics that I have scenes . Many of the battle sequences were rather slow and fuzzy , but the qaulity was still at a B average.When I first read the box I assumed by the description that you could use any of the playable characters -LRB- Frodo , Aragorn , and Gandalf -RRB- at any time . However I was rather dissapointed to find out that you can only use the characters at certain times . When you play Frodo you have several advantages on your side , being that Frodo is usualy played on the realitivly easy levels to beat . However when you have to escape the Nazgul , that did present a hard challenge which took me an hour and a half to get pass . Frodo 's main weapon -LRB- s -RRB- were -LRB- as you advance -RRB- The Ring , Rocks and Sticks , Barrow Blade , and then Sting . He was n't my favorite character to play , but I did enjoy throwing stones at the Nazgul and them not finding me due to Frodo 's handy sneak action.The next character you play is Aragorn . He was my favorite character to play because he has many different uses and is played a lot more than Frodo and Gandalf . Natrually , his specialty is sword play , but he is also pretty good with using a bow and arrow . The bad thing about Aragorn is that his stealth is n't all that and a bag of chips . You have to get used to -LRB- and it takes a while -RRB- to his controls and the way he moves . Very shortly after you first start using Aragorn , you will have to battle all nine of the Nazgul at once durring the level at Weather Top . This part I found was very hard . It took me forever to finialy get past that round when all you are armed with is a tourch . Still Aragorn is -LRB- in my opinoin -RRB- one of the better characters.Finialy , there is Gandalf . He was n't my favorite character to play either , but he has a lot more attacks than Frodo and much more stealth than Aragorn so in genral he is concidered the most powerful . Yet the bad thing is when you cast spells , many of them require that you reflect the magic from his staff to the Orc -LRB- or whatever he is fighting at the moment -RRB- and then click to enable the magic and getting the correct aim is very hard , and I eventually said ` the heck with it ' and killed them with his sword . Gandalf 's sword is n't very good either you have to play the game for a while to pull up the level of his sword . Also you played Gandalf the least and of course , he is killed in Moria.The music of the game was also very good . It was not the same tunes from the movie which was a very good change and the music would fit the atmosphere of the level . And when you were in a tight situation -LRB- or suspensful -RRB- there would be no music to keep the suspense up -LRB- that is not a fault of the game -RRB- Overall , the game is way too short and you get past each level very quickly . One dissapointment was that the Lothlorien stage was almost the shortest in the game -LRB- next to the Barrow Downs -RRB- and it dose n't take the time to go over all of what happened when the Fellowship entered the realm of Galadriel . Being my favorite part of the book and movie I was rather dissapointed.The game IS based mainly off of the novel version of the Fellowship of the Ring so you meet several characters that were not mentioned in the movie like Tom Bombadil , and Glorofindel . I did like the use of Boromir 's arrogant attitude in the game which was very much like the one of the novels.Overall , The Fellowship of the Ring PC Game was very good and I enjoyed it a lot . Although it dose have it 's downs it has its ups . So any Lord of the Rings fan will not be dissapointed with this game .
 I have to wonder if I am playing the same game as the people who are tearing it apart on here . I have had no trouble whatsoever running it on my HP Pavillion 1 gig processor w/256 megs of RAM and Nvidia Tnt 2 pro card . . I guess you people who are complaining about problems running it must not have a quality computer in the first place . But anyway , I am trying to make sense of the harsh reviews on here . I have only played the demo so far , but hope to get the actual game soon . But contrary to the bad reviews on here , so far it 's a truly incredible game . The voices are the actual cast members from the movie I believe so they are done very well . The graphics are cutting edge in this game cutscenes and otherwise . As far as movement , it 's a new engine and takes getting used to but in first person mode , the movement is fine . But Middle Earth Comes to life in this game and it 's a must have for TRUE FPS fans and especially LOTR fans . As for people saying they finished it in 4 hours , they had to be cheating their butts off to do so . You people need to think before you write such bad reviews for games , because apparently none of the people who rated this game badly have an inkling of what a truly good game is . One last thing , I read a review where someone actually said the movie was bad ? NOT !! The movie was phenominal and was robbed of the best picture oscar it truly deserved by the bias of the academy of films against Sci-fi genre movies , the same reason StarWars did n't win the year it came out . Enjoy the game folks , it '' s well worth the money so far . Do n't take these harsh reviews to heart before actually trying the game itself . You 'll find the harsh reviews do n't hold water in the end .
 Now I am a big Tolkien fan and having the special extended versions on DVD , I thought of getting the FOTR -LRB- Fellowship of the Ring -RRB- PC game . And I love this game ! It really captures the spirit though you do have to do a few activities like helping Fatty Bulger -LRB- Sorry if I misspelled his name -RRB- make a pie , etc. . But I played the Two Towers and Return of the King games by EA Games , I hated those two because it did not follow the spirit much . It was also based on the movies by adding spices to a brilliant masterpiece . With FOTR , the graphics are good , the landscape is good , and best of all , it is not based on the movies ! They have more characters -LRB- Tom Bombadil , and a few characters not mentioned in the movies . -RRB- Although they did spice the game up a bit , it captures the spirit of the book.Now for the good : Excellent graphicsThe old Tolkien spirit lives in this gameLandscape is more like Middle-EarthCreepy orcs , trolls , and many more monstersthe characters are in order -LRB- first you play Frodo , thenAragorn , and then Gandalf , etc. -RRB- Even though some of you peopledo n't like that , it pretty much follows the bookBad : the only one I could find was adding a few scenes to the game that was n't really needed.If any gamer likes Tolkien , buy this game , it is worth it !
 It looks like an awesome game . The graphics are really good and the gameplay looks even better ! I ca n't wait to get this game .
 This looks like a great game . . You can play as Frodo , Aragorn , or Gandalf . . it takes place in the shire i think . . im not sure yet . . the only erason this game gets 4 stars is cuz you cant play as legolas gimli -LRB- the dwarf -RRB- or Boromir
 Well , it 's the Lord of the the Rings ... what can we say not good about him/it ? ; -RRB-
 ... THIS GAME IS NOT THAT BAD ! I know you can run by it fast , but that takes all the fun out of it . I mean COME ON ! If you are a tolkien fan you 'll stop to enjoy the scenery . It follows the story , and the controls are very straightfoward . ... If you consider yourself a gamer , you need to have this game .
 this game was ok but it freaken short . I would suggest not buying it if you dont like short games
 Let me preface this by saying that this is my first PS2 game ever , so my perspective is limited.After reading horrible reviews I was actually pleasantly surprised by this game . It follows the book more closely than the P. Jackson movie , but still veers from the book 's plot on occasion -LRB- especially at the end -RRB- . It was fun to see Tom Bombadil and other episodes left out of the movie . I thought the landscapes were quite stunning at times , and I often wished I had more time to just look around and enjoy the view . But , unlike the book , the game throws endless hordes of spiders , orcs , and other beasties at our heroes in order to keep things exciting . In some places I thought the game did an even better job than the movie in its recreation of Middle-earth . I particularly liked the Mines of Moria and Lothlorien . The game also included singing , which is an essential part of the book that the movie ignores . On the other hand , the tunes to which the songs were sung were arguably worse than the sad attempts at music my own brain makes when reading the book.Playing the three characters -LRB- Frodo , Aragorn , and Gandalf -RRB- provided variety . Frodo has to sneak around a lot -LRB- or run like hell -RRB- . He can whack things with a walking stick -LRB- and eventually with Sting -RRB- and throw rocks , but he 's not very powerful in combat -LRB- as expected -RRB- . He does have the ring , however . I actually found it useful once or twice , although it ca n't be worn for very long.Aragorn is pure combat . He fights with a sword or a bow -LRB- and once with a torch -RRB- , and can also kick . I found it sort of pathetic when the heir of Isildur kept getting killed by some ruffians in Bree . Eventually , however , I honed my button-tapping skills and was able to defeat -LRB- at the expense of my carpal tunnel -RRB- two trolls , three wolves and some orcs who had cornered me near the end.Gandalf was the most fun to play . He can fight with both his sword and with magic . He also uses his staff to go in for the kill . He is certainly the most powerful of the three -LRB- again as expected -- he is a Maiar , for heaven 's sake ! -RRB- . His battle with the Balrog is probably the most challenging part of the game . -LRB- One gripe I had was with the various cliffs and bridges . Some you can fall off and die , others you ca n't . There 's no way to know this except experimentation . Gandalf 's fight with the Balrog found me tiptoeing around the bridge trying to evade fireballs and get close to the beast . I only realized after a good long while that he could n't fall off even if he tried . -RRB- In the end , this game is worth playing if you like Tolkien -LRB- but are n't a die-hard purist -RRB- and third-person action games . Once again , it was my first PS2 game , so I probably enjoyed it more than an experienced and jaded gamer .
 I really liked this game . It gave you a chance to play a hobbit , aragorn and gandalf . It was fun to explore . I dont know what peoples problem is with the dark rider section of the game . I finished it the first time.Overall a great game
 The 3rd person view and list of diferent characatures makes this a kick ass game . I got a snowday from school the day after I bought it and beat the whole game then . Buy it !
 Now I do not have to read the books to understand what Lord of the Rings is about . `` The Fellowship of the Ring '' PC goes by the books very well -LRB- or so I have heard from many people -RRB- . This game is very fun to play and is a good habit
 In my daughter 's words -LRB- age 8.5 -RRB-
 Sure there are some flaws in this game . At times there is a bad camera angle in small spaces and there is a very small amount of minor glitches in it . But those two things are the only things I do n't like about this game . You people who gave this game a negative review must understand that not all games are perfect . Anyway , let me get to the point of what I think about `` The Lord of the Rings
 `` The Lord of the Rings
 This game is fun to play . I do n't see why there are so many negative reviews about it . It has great graphics and sound . The storyline and game play in this game are just fine . The Lord of the Rings
 I do not have much to say about this incredible PC game ! All I will say is that The Lord of the Rings
 This is a very fun and exciteing PC game ! I like to play it almost everyday . The Lord of the Rings
 I have had NO problems with `` The Lord of the Rings
 There is nothing wrong with Vivendi Universals `` The Lord of the Rings
 This game is great . You people who dont like it cuz it doesent follow the movie are STUPID . It CANT follow the movie cuz they DONT have the movie licence . EA got that licence and THEY make the movie game . Vivendi got the licence for the BOOKS , so THEY make the BOOKS game . That is the reason for the characters not to look like those in the movies . And those of you who says it 's bad can TRY to get a bit further before you open your mouth . THIS GAME IS GREAT IF YOU HAVE ENOUGH BRAINS TO PLAY IT
 It 's a little hard to get things going but once you do , it takes off quickly from there ! If you 're a Lord of the Rings fan and you like games , you 'll love this one !!
 Much like Gollum hates and loves himself , I do not know if I despise this game , or absolutely love it . The things it does right it REALLLY does right , but whether from time constraints or sloth , there are some fairly bad flaws as well . I would probably recommend this more for people who are at least somewhat familiar with the book , since people who have only seen the movie will be lost and scratching their heads . -LRB- Bombadil and Goldberry , for instance . -RRB- The Pros : - Graphics and design are TOP NOTCH-Walking through Bag End and the Prancing Pony is a dream come true-Music and sound are immersive-The character animations are great-The levels feel very `` natural , '' and are a joy to look at and walk through-Frodo is kept every bit as weak as he should beThe Cons : - Fairly short-Invisible walls -LRB- grrrrrr -RRB- - Camera control is fair at best , and horrid in Moria-Can ' t pick which character to use at each level-Can only use Gandalf , Aragorn , and FrodoThe graphic DESIGN of this game is amazing . I 'm not just talking about the resolution . The tables are not simply brown squares with legs . Kegs , beds , trees , and houses , and outfits are all designed exceptionally well . It does not just copy the look of the movie - it creates its own world . Hobbiton was EXCEPTIONAL . I literally spent an hour just walking around Bag End and the Shire . Which is where problem 1 sets in . I want to explore this world - walk through rivers , run through pastures . But no . The frikkin frakkin ` invisible wall ' mystically prevents you from exploring , which is a shame . I do n't know how loudly gamers will have to shout before designers stop using the invisible wall . It 's a pathetic way out of closing off a level . At least have the decency to put a mountain in the way if you do n't want us walking across a field.More of the Ringwraiths would have been nice . There are only two places where they can catch you , if memory serves . Once you find Aragorn you get to fight them with a torch -LRB- which I loved ! -RRB- , but the `` chase '' does n't really translate . It 's more like they just pop in now and again for cameos . It also would have been nice to actually control Frodo during the flight to the Ford.Another shame is that certain things of importance are skimmed over or left out . I want to see Rivendell , Caradhras , and Lothlorien in the same level of detail that the Shire is presented to me , but alas , for these areas are `` hinted at '' , and exploration is not an option . You see one room in Rivendell , and one room in Lothlorien . You do n't even see Caradhras - Gandalf just says `` We tried , and we failed , so we 're moving right along ! lalalala ! '' Disappointing does not even begin to cover the feeling . I was looking forward to those areas.Moria , despite the ATROCIOUS camera angles , is the most amazing level I 've ever seen in a game . I 'm running a GeForce 2 Ultra card , which is n't quite cutting edge , and while I could n't crank everything full detail , I had it running fairly high and experienced little to no slowdown . The mine shafts look and feel amazing . The way the light from Gandalf 's staff splays on the walls ... you really feel like you 're in the book . Except for the fact that only Gimli is with you for most of it . The cave troll fight where all the members jump into the fray was awesome , and I spent quite some time just watching the two sides slug it out.Other weird complaints - why give Aragorn unlimited arrows ? Seems silly . Also silly is that your party members are invincible . Granted - I hate games where you have to `` protect '' stupid people who jump into a fray and keep dying . But the AI on these guys is decent , and it took away any concern you might have for watching them . I did n't have to fight half , and I did n't have to protect . `` Oh , look , Frodo is being devoured by two wolves . Well , I 'll just slip away . He 'll kill them eventually . '' Some attempt should have been made to ensure the gamer protects his underlings.In all , this is a game I will definitely play again , mostly because it is phenomenal eye candy . I like to call it `` Virtual Middle Earth . '' As a game , it is lacking in quite a few areas . But as an immersive `` Let 's walk the paths the Fellowship took , '' it excels . Maybe the next installment will succeed as both a walking tour AND a game .
 Not sure wy other people did n't like it . Graphic 's were an B + , gameplay was fine . Followed the story pretty close to the movie & book . I think people get confused as MOVIE to Book story . I received it on Xmas day and beat it 5 hours later after installation . I thought it was a little too easy . My 9 year old played it and beat it in 4 days .
 this game was ok but it freaken short . I would suggest not buying it if you dont like short games
 THIS IS AWSOME . I LOVED IT BECAUSE THE CHALLENGING CONTROLS AND THE AMAZING GRAPHICS . INSANELY AWSOMENESS . AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING . JUST REMEMBER TO SAVE FROM TIME TO TIME OR YOU HAVE TO START THE GAME OVER IF YOU FAIL WHICH IS ONE DRAWBACK BUT IS MADE UP FOR WITH THE CHARACTERS AND ENEMYS AND THE ENVIROMENTS ARE AMAZING AND YOU CAN EXPLORE INTO SECERET SPACES AND FIND HIDDEN STUFF ITS REALLY COOL . BUY IT
 This game is fun , and is faithful to the book It is great to actually play as a character in Middle Earth , and wander in the Shire , etc. . This is really the first PC game I have ever bought with the exception of Age of Mythology , and Buck Rogers about a million years ago on a PC in the Age of The Dinosaurs , so it is fun learning to play . I do have several problems with this game . The first is the white flashing when it starts , and also in the `` movies '' that occur from time to time . I do not like that you can not choose which character you play , and are limited to Frodo , Aragorn , and Gandalf . I also have problems with the point of view of the character that you are playing . Sometimes it is impossible to see what is going on , or the character gets `` stuck '' in a wall or something . Movement is often limited down a predetermined path . This gets quite annoying at times . I am not finished playing -LRB- I am to Moria -RRB- so I will see how the rest of the game goes , but all in all it has been fun so far .
 Well I finished the Fellowship of the Rings game . At first I thought this game was kinda hard but after I got used to the movement it was n't so bad . For those few hard spots I went to the online user forum provided by Vivendi and found hints to all the difficult parts of the game . This game is awesome . Somewhat short compared to RPG video games for the PC , but nonetheless it is very fun.If you are a Lord of the Rings Fan do not pass up this game ! Unless 3D holodecks are created like they have in Star Trek this is the closet thing to actually being in middle earth . : -RRB- I will definately be playing this game over again . I love the Lord of the Rings and this game is like stepping into the story . My favorite level was Moria.There are at least two levels -LRB- one in Moria and the other before the final battle with the flying Nazgul -RRB- where using Frodo 's ring helps him run past orcs and Gimli or Aragorn can kill them later .
 DO N'T BUY `` THE LORD OF THE RINGS
 Some of the people that wrote a review about this game do n't have a clue what they 're talking about . First of all one reviewer complained about the camera angles ; he said that he often got killed because they were sooo bad . The camera angles are in fact not bad , simply because you -LRB- the player -RRB- control the camera . You can make it face any way you want . But , at times you will have to rotate the camera to see what you 're fighting , and the most that will happen is that you 'll take a few hits . You will certainly not be killed ! I do have to agree that the game has some bad qualities such as
 I played the PC version but it 's also available on the PS2 and XBOX.The Fellowship of the Ring is a fun , if short , romp through the first book in the Lord of the Rings trilogy . It is not related to either The Hobbit -LRB- by Sierra -RRB- or the Return of the King or The Two Towers -LRB- both by EA Games -RRB- . It is a pretty straightforward action adventure with simple quests and relatively easy-to-defeat foes.What to expect : * On the `` action to adventure '' scale , this game is heavier on the adventure side with simple puzzles and quests . There is definitely some combat and stealth involved , but you will find nothing like the endless hordes of foes that you 'd encounter in the other Rings titles . -LRB- I love those games , by the way , this is just a very different experience . -RRB- * This is a 3D action adventure that uses typical navigation
 Looks good . have not gotten to play it yet but have done alot of research on it . You get to play as aaragorn , gandalf , and frodo.from what i 've heard the game is really short for advanced gamers , but that should n't be a problem for me because i reek ! lots of blood . camera views stink . graphics are awesome . -LCB- for me anyway . -RCB- Frodo is very agile and can sneak past opponents , Aaragorn is very strong and has good fighting skills , and Gandalf has powerful magic . in the first few levels you have to be frodo but you move on to Gandalf and Aaragorn later in the game . I would n't reccomend it for experienced gamers but it looks good for amauteurs .
 You get to choose between Legolas , Gimli , and aragon . The Graphice are really good and my friends bro worked on ths game so i got a preview of it , it was soooooo cool !
 This game rocks ice . It is awsome
 Hey , we all have to admit the movie was at least kind of good . So , with this game following the book 's storyline even more , it has to be better . I mean , come on , yo can play as Frodo , ARAGORN -LRB- in all caps because he is tied for coolest with Legolas -RRB- , or Gandalf . This has to be tight . With Gandalf you could cast spells while slashing up orcs with Glamdring -LRB- his sword -RRB- . With Frodo you should have the option of putting on the Ring and becoming Almighty in power . Then you can use Sting to chop up people and orcs and stuff . CHOP CHOP CHOP ! Did I scare you ? I 'm sorry . Anyway , with Aragorn you should -LRB- you notice I put SHOULD instead of CAN . -RRB- be able to have the option of using the re-forged sword Narsil or use a bow and arrow like in Moria in the movie . You should battle orcs , Uruk-Hai -LRB- stronger orcs -RRB- , the cave troll , the Balrog , the Black Riders , and have the option of chopping up the rest of the Fellowship . Ha ha ha . That would be funny . I can just imagine Sam saying , `` What do we do now ? '' in Bree then I use Sting -LRB- even though Frodo does not have Sting at Bree -RRB- to chop his head off . Ooo , how that would be funny . Anyway , this should be a very good game since it 's follwing the book even more than the movie and you get the coolest -LRB- tied -RRB- person to play , and you get to see Tom Bombadil who was n't in the movie . I wonder what he 's going to look like . This is going to be an awesome game for the PC .
 If you played big rpg games like Morrowind and Deus Ex , this game falls far short of the interactivity of those top games . Basically the game leads you through the scenarios of the Fellowship of the Ring either by staying more true to the book instead of the movies , or filling in the spots where the movies skipped over . < spoilers for the book > For example , the society and background of Hobbiton is greatly fleshed out and you meet more hobbit characters from Tolkien 's book . Same with Tom Bombadill 's part and the Barrow wights . Instead of Arwen saving Frodo , Glorfindel shows up on que and Frodo rides alone past the river on Glorfindel 's borrowed horse . The game completely skips the battle in Balin 's tomb chamber while the movie and the Two Towers game feature it . And Bilbo 's prologue and birthday party are completely skipped . Of course the crucial points are done including Gandalf vs. the Balrog . The voice acting like others have said is mediocre with Gandalf and Galadriel 's voice acting the worst of the lot . As for the positives , the graphics are top notch , even by Morrowind standards . However , it 's all too few with `` invisible '' wall limits , and a very short running time . It looks like most of the work went into the art while the role playing elements and interactivity were given up . The engine gets sluggish with many 3D characters at once , probably a clue that the game was programmed from mostly scripts and libraries using the created art rather than ground up game development . I guess overall this is to be expected for a game made only within a year after the movie . Still , if one looks at it as a tour video of Middle Earth or as a fan of LOTR , you 're set for a good sightseeing ride .
 THIS GAME IS THE ULTIMATE PC GAME . ONCE I BOUGHT THIS FROM THE STORE , I PUT IT INTO MY PC AND PLAYED IT FOR NEARLY 3 HOURS . IT RULES ! It is awesome playing with Gandalf 's spells , Aragorn 's sword combos , and Frodo 's One Ring . It had awesome parts -LRB- The Balrog kicks BUTT ! -RRB- , cool graphics , and sweet gameplay . Anyone who is a total fan of the movies and the books -LRB- like me -RRB- , buy this game NOW!Any faults ? It 's the same answer to this question - Are there flying purple hyenas on Pluto?Too bad I beat it 3 times already ...
 There are too many negative reviews about this PC game ! I guess some people are just too critical . Some people are complaining about `` The Lord of the Rings
 I must say thatI really enjoyed this game ! This has a story that sticks to the original plot very well , and , at times , even better than the movies ! I am quite glad for the inclusion of Tom Bombadil , and Old Man Willow . This is a good game to get , and , if you 're into The Lord of the Rings , I highly recommend it !
 Oh my gosh ! This game is the best that ive ever played . I am an unbielievable tolkien fan , and listen to me . If you are any tolkien fan you WILL love this game . First of all , all those other people complaining about their computers not working with the game are n't seeing the picture . YOUR COMPUTER DOES N'T MEET THE REQIREMENTS . For those who have a good com , and love a good story , action , and adventure , this game is most definately for you . There is n't one thing i dont like about it . The action is unbielievable , with dark riders , scores of orcs and uruk-hai , barrow down dead , the balrog , trolls , and wolves . I got stuck once and it seemed like the game ... up . But thats just because you have to JUMP out of the place that your stuck in , or move . You get to be Aragorn , which is what I like most about the game . And Gandalf and Frodo . you can use weapons like Sting , Glamdring , a Westernesse sword , sticks , rocks , and cool magic.A great Game for a true Tolkien and action-loving fan.It 's destined to be a classic . It 's definatly my favorite , for its hard puzzles , superb gameplay , beautiful landscapes and nonstop hoardes of action . I loved it !!!!
 I purchased this game for my C & C collection I had the Discs and case but not the box , and now I do . If you are a fan of RTS or C & C get this game .
 This game is not for everyone , I have to say . But I loved it ! It is a farm sim where you plant and harvest a variety of crops , raise livestock , hire workers , build farm buidlings , and buy John Deere farm equipment.I have lived in the city my whole life , but I also enjoy simulation and strategy games . I also like finances and accounting . For those who are looking for action packed , fighting games this title may not be for you.I liked how simple this game was to learn , yet the challenges make it worth staying . You deal with weather and bugs that can destroy your crops . You struggle with debt -LRB- that can be overcome with patience and work -RRB- and trying to time the in-game market to buy livestock at the right price as well as sell livestock and the crops you have stored at the right time.This game is not terribly elaborate , but according to my cousins who live on a farm and a friend who has an animal science degree , this game is quite realistic in terms of running a farm.So if you are looking for a game that gives you a realistic farm experience , this one is the best I have played . It is fairly inexpensive , too , which is nice . A great way to spend some free hours !
 This game is A + + + for my son . I would recommended for any kid who has their heart in farming .
 I bought this for my 16 year old son for Christmas . We do n't live on a farm but my son has always been interested in farming . He loves the game and plays it often . My 45 year old brother even plays this game and says he would like one for himself .
 I love this game . It 's got much more than the first two , but they 're great , too ! I play it all the time .
 My son has been haying with his grandpa since he was six months old and riding with our farmer neighbor for a couple of years doing grass seed and wheat , including riding in the IH Combine . He loves this game especially buying new equipment . A true farmer at heart , our six year old gives this a two thumbs up . After all he knows the difference between real and make believe and it is a way to pass time between harvests thats all , who cares about deatail as long as its fun ?
 If you love the land and farming this is the game for you . My son plays it every day and the game has n't gotten old in months . This game is a little difficult when you first start but once you get the hang of it , it is a lot of fun .
 My son is 8 years old . We live on a farm and this game is great for him . He plays it all the time . I recommend this to the advid `` John Deere '' farm boy or girl .
 It 's a very educational game . It 's very fun -LRB- for John Deere lovers only HA -RRB- once you get the hang of it !!
 This is one of the greatest games ever made , And at such a Great deal I had to by 2 .
 i like this game becasue i live on a farm and i like to drive tactors .
 It was a b-day present.But they loved it ! Said it was just great !
 Does anyone know how to use the map editor and actually be able to use it ?
 Great mazes and gameplay , but the screen size gets to be a big pain . It took a few month to beat , but the animation at the end was worth the wait.I can hardly wait for the sequel on N64 . If you have a SNES buy it NOW !!! If not , wait till December when the sequel comes on the shelves . If anyone in my family is reading this , I WANT THE NEW ONE FOR CHRISTMAS.In short : Pros
 To me this is the best version of Ms. Pac-man to date . It holds 100 % true to the classic . That is if you want it to . You are givin ' alot of options which allow you to play on different types of mazes . There are BIG ones , MINI ones , STRANGE ones & CLASSIC ones too . I liked the STRANGE mazes , there was even a maze that hardly had any walls and Ms. Pac-man was out of control . It was cool though . The two player mode is GREAT ! You and another player can clear a maze together or alternating . But be careful , if you play simultaneously you run the risk of bumping into one another , this sends you both flying in opposite directions . In this case you could easily go flying into a ghost and lose a life . With all that being said remember if you just want to play the classic original it 's all here in this one super game pack . Where would we all be if Ms. Pac-man did n't swallow ?
 If only they kept this form when they had Ms. Pac Man as part of other games for the next-gen systems . This is great ! I guess some people are nostalgic for the shadless old-school arcade style of gameplay , but I think this is perfect . I mean , the graphics have more depth , meaning the colors are more attractive and ... , you know ?
 Lovin it ... You can never beat this game ! I play all the time and so does everyone in the household . Ms.Pac Man is a must have for anyone owning a Super Nintendo !
 Great simple game for all the classic arcade nuts out there . I found that it plays best with the Super Advantage joystick controller .
 The item was shipped quickly and was fairly priced . It is one of my fianc&eacute; 's favorite game from his childhood . He loved it .
 Love this game so happy with it thank you so much . I have fun playing this with my boyfriend.It was received in great condition .
 I do n't know how people can get bored of this game . I LOVE it and I could play it for hours . It 's really fun and needs to be released onto newer consoles .
 Really cool to have the option to see Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man together . Kids love it as much as I , as there are many different skill variations . It 's nice to get acquainted with the classics .
 You 'd probably mistake this as just another regular cartridge port of Ms. Pac-Man , but if you did , then you could n't be more wrong.The sounds are taken straight from the arcade game.The graphics are actually made more detailed than how the arcade game 's graphics are.Now , for the gameplay , there 's a lot to talk about . Right after the title screen , there 's tons of options to choose from : - Players
 Holy Cow1 It 's just like I remembered it ! As I played this game on all it 's different crazy mazes , I got hooked all over again . The graphics are great considering it 's predecessor . -LRB- I 'm not knocking PACMAN . -RRB- And , it 's a long game that let 's you pick up where you left off if you die and lose all your men . A game with second chances !!! What I really like about this game is the difficulty . Even on easy , once you start going form level to level , it gets hard . I like that in a game . And what 's so good aboutit , once you complete a level of difficulty or different way of palying the mazes , there 's more to experiment with and reconquer ! So , looking for something cute yet totally ungirly ? Something that will wet yoru appetite to come back and paly it again , again , and again ? Something hard yet addictive ?! ... Then look no further ! This is the game for you . Buy it ... Now .
 I would like to say that I will buy from this seller again in the near future . The game was packed great no marks no damage what so ever . I am very happy with the results .
 it is a cool game to play with friends and family it is easy but the mazes get harder and the goasts faster to catch
 Could you tell me if you can play Ms. Pac Man on the Wii . I used to play it on my regular nintendo and I loved it . I just got a Wii and I would like to play Ms. Pac Man on it if possible . Thank you .
 dont get this one confused with the real off road this one is the veiw behind the truck not the famous arcade one this one is one player
 the game may look a bit rough on the graphics but for an arcade game to the consoles before 1999 it was so amazing and still is . the game is easy to find the character which is right for you and the finishers are fairly simple to pull off on your oppenent that keeps you wanting to play . its especialy fun fighting your friends and pulling their special hold moves which change the battles up a lot . the enviroments made the game play harder as it was one of the first 3d enviroment games which gave you more dodging advantages then before .
 Switch between multiple weapons at will . Each has its own uses , though I find myself sticking to the fire weapon most of the time . Beautiful graphics -LRB- by PS1 standards , anyway -RRB- and a dramatic classical soundtrack . The dub of the anime-style cutscenes is awful , but that 's the only serious flaw in an otherwise fantastic gaming experience.Don ' t buy unless you own a light gun , however . You can play with a standard controller and crosshairs , but you 'll be seriously missing out .
 Having played both the original Japanese version and the Working Designs localization , it 's easy to see why Elemental Gearbolt is unanimously praised by fans and critics alike . 3D graphics that , while they may appear dated to video game and light gun enthusiasts of today , still hold up due to their vibrant crispness ; an orchestral soundtrack that is pitch perfect for the science fantasy setting ; and an engaging story of ethnic struggle , regal hubris and Promethean thievery , resulting in the tragic downfall of a great and ambitious man.That latter point , the story , is where the game shines above all else . There is a very good reason why the plot and storytelling of Elemental Gearbolt strikes a nerve with those who play it , as it 's a tale many in the West know very well ; in fact have been familiar with for years . I 've titled this review `` The Mona Lisa of GunCon games '' in reference to its masterpiece , but the inspiration for the narrative lies with a much older source . By a few thousand years or so.Elemental Gearbolt is a fantasy re-imagining of what many consider to be the greatest tragic work in Western cannon
 Back when Working Designs was publishing some of the most sought after RPG 's in the world , There was one of they 're releases that was not of the usual style the company was known for , That game was ELEMENTAL GEARBOLT . Elemental Gearbolt drops you into a mystical phantasy world with great Anime cut scenes and a spectacular soundtrack but get this ! Elemental Gearbolt is a rail shooter ! Yes , you need to dust of your Namco Guncon for this one . It succesfully mixes RPG elements with Gunplay . This game has been around so long that I 'm probably not telling you anything you dont know already . Bottom line I know many people who love this game and I have n't met a soul that disliked it . I Love the game top to bottom , front to back . I really hoped a sequel would 've been made but , most great cult classics do n't get the treatment they deserve . Hope this info helps someone new come to own this game and dont be suprised if you see a high price for this game , IT IS WORH IT .
 There were not many GunCon games made for the PS One , however ELEMENTAL GEARBOLT is reason enough to seek it out for those that do n't know about it . Fast paced , 1st person fly-through shooter -LRB- akin to Sega classics such as Afterburner and Space Harrier -RRB- . Player is able to switch between 3 different types of firing for different situations . Game also features great jap-anime style cut scenes between the `` chapters '' of the story . One of the best looking and extremely fun PS One games . Too bad Working Design company did n't continue on that path ...
 This game is so awsome . I have to make this short because I 'm ni class right now , and I do n't want to get caught not looking up the history of Fermant 's enigma , so I will say this much . It is a fun , entertaining , and challenging game . The enthusiasm to play this game is isane when you start to play it . It 's definitely hard though , no question there . Plus I would HIGHLY recconmend a Guncon or something like that . Excellent animated FMVs to watch , and the story is really cool . This game could easilly be made into an RPG if you want my opinion .
 I Just bought a used copy of a PlayStation game called Elemental Gearbolt and it looked like it never was open brand new so thank you . It was in much much better shape then i ever thought it would be so thank you.I have n't had luck every time with buying games online by the way the sellers name is media werk
 This game is one of the best games that have ever played in a very long time ! I think that I will tell all of my friends about how great this game is . I think if you like great playstation games then you sould get this game right away !
 This game fun and highly addictive , but OH LORD IT 'S SO FRUSTRATING !! At times , anyway . Do n't plan on finishing this game quickly . It 's a lot like Zelda as far as the gameplay goes . The story goes like this
 Rpg 's throughout the ages of cmputer and video gaming have come and gone . Many have silently slipped through almost unoticed however this is one of those that manages to remain in the memories of the people involved in the world of gaming oncomputers of all kinds.When you say the word RPG games such as Zelda , Final fantasy and Breath of fire fly through the air . However this is one game that easily stands up to the challenge that these rpg classics set.The game takes place in around a village named Inoa , where you play an elf-like character who shares the same name as the game 's title . Taking the game mechanics you would find in an RPG like the Zelda series and coupling it with a plot as dramatic as a Final Fantasy Psygnosis and dream matrix made an all time classic here . The story is that Alundra was on board a ship named `` the Clark '' and it sunk during a storm , washing up on Inoa beach he is nursed back to health and is drawn into a saga that has been plaguing the village inhabitants for some time.Within this village numerous people are falling ill and dying as a result of dreams being turned into nightmares by a demon named Melzas . The player finds themselves summoned by a guardian named `` Lars '' -LRB- no connection to the Metallica drummer ! -RRB- to stop this demon . Sounds cliched ? In a way I suppose you are correct however the dreams idea is turned into a beauty of its own when you find that Alundra has the power to enter dreams and change their outcome . Thus you find yourself treated to numerous psychadelic images before winding in a usually dark rpg type dungeon where the dreams prisoner must be saved.Of course this would be of no use to the gamer if there was no gameplay and naturally for an RPG there is tons buried beneath the surface . At first you feel that is a basic and simple rpg , yet later on it is that fact that makes this game such a well crafted piece of genius . The difficulty in this game comes commonly from the difficulty of the puzzles . Expect to have to decipher lock codes , organise a makeshift stairway from nothing amongst the obligatory demon slaying.The game also boasts some fabulous variation in locale , whether it is the aforementioned dark dungeons , volcanoes and of course large castles expect to find lots to do . What makes this game even better is that it is between the plains of linear and non-linear . While like all other rpgs you are guided by information passed on by the usually passive characters in the village , you find that there are tons of secret locations to uncover within the mammoth quest that is available . If you like the idea of unlocking portals , uncovering life extending gems or new gear expect plenty of variety within the quest ahead.Of course the game is not perfect . The main flaw with this game is that commonly you find puzzles being basic ones where you have to jump onto switches or simply time the throwing of a barrel and jump into a room . This may sound unchallenging yet it does prove difficult quite often when you find the time limits being incredibly tight . This is plus point in that you have to work at it , yet it is a negative point as you can sometimes fall from these jumps and wind up right at the very start of the puzzle or worse the dungeon.This is one game that only the patient should try , if you have a low flashpoint then you may wish to give this a miss unless you can stop the urge to snap the disc ! Persevere though and you find in this game a true classic that was slated for being a mere clone , however this is a foolish analogy to follow and is a joy to play from start to finish . Highly recommended .
 The formula for this game is simple - Solve one mind-numbingly hard puzzle after another until you beat the game - Simple!Unlike any of the Final Fantasy , Suikoden , Breath of Fire , Wild Arms , etc. . . , there is no :-LRB- -RRB- Random monster battles every 20 seconds . -LRB- -RRB- Experience points . -LRB- -RRB- A bevy of party-members to mix n ' match and constantly upgrade . -LRB- -RRB- Complicated and numerous menus to learn and navigate.The Legend of Zelda of the super Nintendo era is the only game that plays like this one . Why do they not make more games like this one ? The game is hard , yet the formula is simple.You will most assuredly need the cheatbook to get through to the end - it is that hard.Though the graphics are simplistic by most any standard , they are still well-done and convey what they are intended to ; a fantasy world populated by friendly villagers and homey houses . The story is well thought out and interesting , also.The monsters and bosses are mostly easy - it is the puzzles that will impede your progress.This game is fun because it really makes you think . The pure unmitigated joy of solving 3 or 4 puzzles in a row w/out using the cheatbook is fantastic ! And when finally admitting defeat while stuck at a particulary vexing puzzle , you will read the solution in the cheatbook and then shake your head in annoyance at the simplicity of the answer , and ask yourself ` why did n't I figure that out myself ... the answer was so obvious . ` High kudos for this obscure little game and a wish that more RPG 's followed Alundra 's winning formula of less is more .
 Sadly , as has happenned to many other great games , this game hit the market when it was n't truly receptive to this manner of a game . Few have been able to truly experience this beautiful title , nonetheless , it has spawned quite a rabid and voluminous fanbase . This game is the Action/Rpg genre at it 's best . Be advised to look beyond it 's cartoonish graphics because under all that lies a great simple , yet oddly mature , storyline . The puzzles are devilishly well designed and the environments are so engulfing that any one person playing it will surely find it a daunting task to stop playing it . A must buy for any self respecting rpg fan . And a word to the wise , do n't even consider the sequel . It was developed by a different team and both the storyline and the feel of the game itself are some of the worst I 've ever seen . This is the one game to own if there ever was one !
 Well for starters I 'll just say if you liked the 8bit & 16bit Zelda games and the 8bit golden axe Sega master system game you will love this , it has one of the most captivating plots and 2D graphics that games of this kind have ever had while 2D graphics are nothing new and the likes of older consol and dos games the psx one manages to hold the oldskool look of RPG graphics like Zelda and the earlier final fantasy games but with more attention to detail and realistic proportion of characters bodies -LRB- no exaggeratedly massive head on tiny bodies etc -RRB- there is a bunch of secret stuff within the game like extra weapons to find and items you must collect to gain access to the other weapons to add to the inventories regular amount of six
 From Zelda to Final Fantasy , Chrono Cross to Star Ocean , to even more modern role-players like Mass Effect and Fable , never has there been a game as challenging and ultimately satisfying as Alundra
 Finishing Alundra was so hard it was n't as fun as it could have been . I have never played a game where periodically I would think , `` well I guess this is as far as I go '' so many times.The director Yasuhiro Ohhori wanted to make a game you could play , not just have a good story line . He wanted a game that the player felt at the end of it , that they accomplished something . I do feel that , and I had two guides to help me ! The puzzles where just too crazy hard , and they could have made the jumping easier .
 I really enjoyed Alundra . It has a good story , characters , graphics , and the music is pretty good too . However , there were two emotions that seemed to remain in my mind as I played the game
 Brilliant puzzles , incredible music , unbelievable story concept ; this game has it all ! Fun to the point of pain , this game will anger you to insanity , but keep you coming back for more . If you desire a difficult and all-around fun game , give this masterpiece a try .
 I use to own this game when I was much much younger . I never beat it and since then , I 've been dying to play and beat this game once more . And i 've finally got that chance . The music is beautiful and the 2D , 3/4 top down world is rich with different environments and so many different items to use . Puzzles GALORE .
 Besides my gaming integrity being slightly scarred by near impossible obstacles , and I use the word `` near '' really loosely , I do have to admit that this game is awesome . If you really enjoyed games like Ys , Zelda , and/or LandStalker , you 'll especially dig Alundra .
 Never have I been so tested and challenged since the old Genesis adventure title , LandStalker . And Climax has made Alundra twice as hard , twice as challenging , and twice as good as its LandStalker counterpart . Play the part of Alundra , a young boy who possesses the power to venture through people 's dreams . He 's like one of those dream warrior chaps from Nightmare On Elm Street , but instead of fighting Freddy Krueger , Alundra instead faces difficult mazes , challenging puzzles , and nasty monsters . Maybe not the best analogy , but you get the picture . Not only does this game possess a really cool story , but it also has some great music and graphics that totally suit the game , like Wild Arms . Sure , it 's no Final Fantasy VII , but Alundra has that classic , more traditional RPG feel that has literally faded away since the introduction of polygonal graphics . I 'm not saying that evolution is bad , but I honestly miss these types of games.The game may look outdated , but Alundra does in fact possess a level of gameplay that does n't appear much in today 's role-playing games . I mean , am I the only one who 's tired of turn-based RPG titles ? Alundra shares the same gameplay elements found in the classic NES version of Zelda
 This game is as near flawless as any I can think of . Not only does it offer an incredible challenge -LRB- puzzles , platforming , bosses -RRB- but it has one of the most memorable storylines ever.Finally , a true answer to melodrama has been found . Working Designs penned a storyline that was fully based on the concept of melodrama -- people die left and right -- but it does it in a way that is actually believable . Said drama does n't seem a cheap attempt to instill sympathy or emotion into the story.The story is based in dreamwalking . Namely , Alundra is the dreamwalker , the only at the beginning , and has the responsibility of saving many people trapped in potentially , and many times , deadly nightmares . This concept had me hooked from the beginning.The action is reminiscent of Zelda , though it has enough individualism to seem as no rip-off . Through the use of numerous weapons , spells , and items Alundra will traipse through enemy-laden dungeons , solve perplexing puzzles , and unravel the mystery of death hanging over the fragile village , Inoa.Not much to grip about , aside from a few collision -LRB- so minor as to be nigh undectable -RRB- problems and some unfairly difficult jumps . The collision may have also been my fault , for the control is picturesque in its perfection -- blaming the game for a screw-up is only reflective of your own mistake -LRB- in this game , anyway -RRB- . The difficulty is considerable , requiring much skillful button manipulation and avid attention . A definite must play for the under-challenged gamers out there .
 Alundra is by far the greatest game i have ever played , and it is also the hardest . It resembles The Zelda series in many ways.it is an overhead view game with many , many , infinite many puzzles and very tough bosses , but its reward is just the joy you get out of playing . -LRB- more joy if you manage to win it . -RRB- It has an intricate and complex plot which will keep you wondering whats gon na happen next . It is also a pretty sad game because many townsfolk die , thanks to an evil demon that lives right under the town . It is based in just one small area , but is one huge game . 5 stars ! Bravo , working designs !!!
 I bought and finished this game about 3 years ago . And it still stands out in my mind as one of the best RPG 's ever . I only give it 4 strz because i 'm strict . You might have read this game is tough , because of the puzzles . I did n't find it hard at all . Because i cheated . I had the hint book . I used it every time i got stuck with a tough puzzle . The boss battles are easy , not too easy . Theyre long but fun . If you stink at games , like me , get the hintbook and only use it when you are stuck . That way you can just relax and enjoy the great story and gameplay . Do n't worry about being a cheater -LRB- Smelly videogame geeks always say that it 's wrong to cheat and play the game how it was meant to be played . The Story and the way the game handles it is great . The game places you shipwrecked on a strange island-town . And you feel apart of this little village , like your really living there . You become very familiar with the towns-people and shops , it 's great .
 alundra was one of the first ps1 games I played and I think it changed the way we think about adventure games forever . who would have thought that sutch a compexed colourfull game could be so perfect . many people I know & knew thought this games a game from heaven and it was ...
 Well for starters I 'll just say if you liked the 8bit & 16bit Zelda games and the 8bit golden axe Sega master system game you will love this , it has one of the most captivating plots and 2D graphics that games of this kind have ever had while 2D graphics are nothing new and the likes of older consol and dos games the psx one manages to hold the oldskool look of RPG graphics like Zelda and the earlier final fantasy games but with more attention to detail and realistic proportion of characters bodies -LRB- no exaggeratedly massive head on tiny bodies etc -RRB- there is a bunch of secret stuff within the game like extra weapons to find and items you must collect to gain access to the other weapons to add to the inventories regular amount of six
 I really liked the part of the game that I got to play . I dont own the game , my brother does , and so I got to play it when he came to visit awhile ago . Anyway , I thought it was a pretty good game , it can be hard in parts , but thats not a bad thing , at least this game gets you to think . Its not a good game for people who dont like puzzles though .
 This is a great game but , kinda confusing . You 'll need the players guide for this game . It looks like the super nintendo graphics but it 's still awesome .
 After numerous delays , SNK has finally brought the Metal Slug Anthology to the PS2 . This game has already been out for a few months on the Wii and for about a month on the Sony PSP , but the PS2 version is the best version to get of this game.Think of Metal Slug as Contra on steroids/crack and you 'll have a proper understanding of what all of these games are about . For the most part , you run to the right side of the screen laying waste to everything in your past while rescuing hostages and sometimes getting access to vehicles called Metal Slugs to cause even more damage . Most of the game is spent running and shooting , but they also spice things up with some shooter type segments in which you 're in a flying vehicle of some sort -LRB- and at one point a small submarine type thing -RRB- . Basically , you get all 7 proper Metal Slug games on one disc -LRB- well , really 6 as Metal Slug X was a re-working of part 2 that fixed most of the extreme slow down problems of Metal Slug 2 -RRB- , all are emulated almost perfectly from the original SNK Neo-Geo system ROM 's . The only slight downside is that there is some in game loading when you finish one area of a level and are heading to the next area . The game will pause for about 1 to 3 seconds -LRB- though the music will keep going -RRB- while the game loads the next area . While some purists will decry this and say that it ruins the game , it only breaks up the breakneck pace just the very slightest and was kind of unavoidable.The games are slightly letterboxed with black bars on the left & right side of the TV screen to approximate the original arcade screen size.As for the games themselves , I found them to be arcade perfect ports all the way disregarding the slight load times . Some people are upset that they did n't just put the PS2 ports of 3 , 4 , and 5 that have already been out for the PS2 either in the states or Japan on this collection instead of emulating the original arcade ROM 's , but I think that these emulations do a much better job of preserving every single frame of animation as well as the proper arcade feel of the original Neo-Geo titles . There is some slow down at times , but this was present in the original games and can actually help out in hectic parts at times.The animation is the most important thing of Metal Slug games and since these are great emulations of the original ROM 's , nothing is missing in this regard . The sound/music is also duplicate flawlessly . The Metal Slug games have always had great music anyway.Some people have complained that there is a lag in the controls at times , but I 've played through all 7 games and found that the control is dead on.The first Metal Slug feels a little more sluggish compared to the rest of the games , but that 's more due to how they chose to animate your character when you turn from left to right as well as jumping . Never did I die as a result of some lag time in the controls , everything just felt right in that regard.Probably the best part of this collection is the fact that Metal Slug 6 -LRB- which is a fairly recent game -RRB- has been included on this game . I would say that next to part 3 -LRB- which was ported to the US X-Box but not the US PS2 -RRB- , it 's the best game of the series by far.Extras include unlockable art galleries when you beat each game , you can listen to the music of each game and there 's a text interview with some of the original game developers about the Metal Slug series.They could have maybe included some of the combat school extras from the Neo Geo CD versions of 1 & 2 , but you really ca n't complain too much.Each game takes around 45 to 60 minutes to beat , which might not be seen as much , but these are more of old school games in which the point was a quick burst of pure pick-up-and-play gameplay . But when you combine all 7 of these in one package for only 40 dollars , you ca n't beat it for pure adrenaline pumping fun.The PS2 version corrects most of the errors of the PSP and Wii versions as well as minimizing the in game load times.Highly recommended !
 I once owned an AES copy of Metal Slug X in the late 90 's which I paid over $ 300 brand new . I loved the whole Metal Slug series . Played it constantly at any arcade that featured the game . So when I heard late last year that a complete collection was coming out soon , I was pretty thrilled.My copy of Metal Slug Anthology finally arrived last week . The collection features every MVS Metal Slug game that was released in the arcades , as well as the home Neo-Geo system . Along with the 7 Metal Slug games , the collection also features a few extras such art , music , and interviews.Aside from some loading , the action is just as intense and frantic as you remembered from the arcades . All the big pixel explosions and huge bosses are there as expected.Here are all the games : Metal Slug 1Metal Slug 2Metal Slug XMetal Slug 3Metal Slug 4Metal Slug 5Metal Slug 6Metal Slug 6 features different game-play features such as the ability to switch between stored weapons . The graphics have been overhauled . The music and voice also sound different.Overall , this is quite an exceptional collection . The ability to own every Metal Slug game on one disc for around $ 40 is quite a deal , especially when you consider that these games originally went for $ 300 or more each on the Neo-Geo system . Also , you get a neatly sized package versus the original huge carts.If you enjoyed any of the Metal Slug games , I suggest that you do not pass up this awesome collection . Rocket Louncher !
 After being extremely disappointed with the Wii version of this title , I decided to bite the bullet and spend the extra cash so I could play it with some decent controls on the PS2 . And for the most part , I was not disappointed . I was instantly wisked back to my teen years in the 90 's while taking in this great series . I 've always seen Metal Slug not only as great gameplay , but also as a work of art with its detailed graphics and fluid animation . It also is n't afraid to poke fun at the genre it belongs to with its tongue-in-cheek , over-the-top action.My only complaint with this release is that in some of the later titles , the controls seem to have a bit of lag . I thought I was imagining things at first , but when I switched between the titles like MS1 and MS4 and 5 , I noticed that the first game has very responsive controls while there was some definite lag on the fourth and fifth between entering the commands and the action taking place on screen . It 's very slight , but still noticeable.Despite the laggy control in the later titles , I would still recommend without hesitation Metal Slug Anthology for the PS2 to retro-gaming fans .
 What the Metal Slug series has always lacked in innovation has always been made up for in terms of action , humor , and just plain old insane gameplay . Finally , SNK Playmore has compiled all of the Metal Slug games to grace arcades on one handy disc with the Metal Slug Anthology , and despite a few minor flaws , this package is a superbly sweet deal . All 7 Metal Slug games are here , including Metal Slug X and the excellent Metal Slug 6 -LRB- making it 's debut on the consoles -RRB- , along with a few extras like interviews and art galleries as well . And as any Metal Slug fan would come to expect , every game is challenging beyond belief . For newcomers though , there is the option to play with infinite lives , but purists can still get their fill here as well . There are a few noticeable flaws to Metal Slug Anthology however ; most notably is the frequent load times that pop up during the game and the moments of slowdown and occasionally laggy controls . Despite all that though , Metal Slug Anthology still manages to satisfy in nearly every aspect , and although it would have been nice for SNK Playmore to include some more bonuses on the disc , this is a sweet pick up regardless .
 I 've been fan of the series for as long as I can remember . And every time I see the now `` rare '' arcade machine , I do not hesitate to jump in for a good ` ol 25 cent blast.Metal Slug Anthology is a compilation 7 of the greatest side scrolling shooting games ever made ... In this collection you will find
 For those who are n't in the know , Metal Slug is a true classic gaming franchise . I 'd put it well above Contra as the best side scrolling shooter ever.I remember when I first saw Metal Slug 1 . Me and a friend of mine were at the bowling alley when we first saw and played it . It blew our minds . This game had us talking for days about how cool we thought it was . About all the cool stuff we saw and experienced while playing it . We could n't wait to go back and play it again . It soon became our favorite game and could n't play it enough . As time went on , I 'd hear rumors of it appearing on this console or that one and I remember the feeling of wanting to do or pay anything to have it . Then the sequels came out in the arcades and I remember how fun it was to see the new versions , see the differences and have so much fun playing them . Well now they 're all here.These games are so fun and unique . The art style is so original and ineteresting -LRB- you got ta hand it to SNK for sticking with the 2D sprites in their games -RRB- , there 's really nothing quite like it . The idea is simple , take one or two soldiers through various stages fighting pseudo WWII German soldiers , zombies , and other various creatures . At the end of each stage are some of the funnest and most original boss battles you 'll ever see . Along the way are a great variety of weapons and vehicles to use to destroy everything . Machine guns , flame throwers , shotguns , grenades , rocket launchers , tanks , planes , and submarines are just some that come to mind . The animations for the stages are great and characters are hilarious . It 's violence but in such a comical and semi-realistic way . The controls are great on all of these games as well as the unique graphics and sound.So if your new to this series and are even the slightest bit interested , feel free to jump in and try it , you will not regret it . For those of you familiar with this series at all , this is one of the easiest guaranteed no brainer buys ever . Six games on 1 disc !!! But get it while you can because like Capcom , SNK is notorious for not producing enough of each title and then they get harder to find and the price goes up and up .
 This series is like a nightmare cartoon version of Contra . It is insanely difficult and challenging . I found this to be much harder than Contra itself . This is the equivalent `` Touhou '' of this genre . Even on easy mode , a seasoned video game player will be using multiple continues . If you are someone who is easily frustrated with extreme challenge , this is so not for you . Prepare for quite a few one hit K.O. / deaths . Yes , this is one of those where the slow hovering unrealistic dot will send your character into death throes.Despite the ferocious challenge level and a few irritating game play elements , this is , in true SNK fashion , a very fun series of games . It does n't have quite the Nintendo `` Mario '' depth of play or fun of say , Yoshi 's Island or something , however it is really fun in its own way . The artwork and backgrounds are quite stunning to look at and almost have a pseudo Bluth look to them . There is also a sense of humor going on . Playing through this , you get a sense of how there is this rivalry between how fun it is versus the `` pump quarters in it for the SNK profit margin '' element . It was designed to force an arcade gamer to pump quarters into the machine . Of course , that brings up the huge upshot of this collection ... no having to use an actual quarter to continue.So it is fun , yet not as fun or playable as Mario . It is like Contra , only much , much harder . The play controls can be frustrating at times . Did I mention how insanely challenging it is ?! Yet , somehow it is different enough -LRB- especially different LOOKING -RRB- so that it has enough fun to play for hours . The hand drawn cartoon animation is actually pretty good . The look is like ... at times , it reminds me of really good 1980 's cartoons like Inspector Gadget -LRB- Penny was awesome ! -RRB- . Other times it looks like some pseudo Don Bluth anime.If you are ready for action , ready for insane adversity and ready to spam continue -LRB- without quarters this time -RRB- then this might be for you !
 Got This For My Bro For A Present And It Came Ahead Of Time For His Birthday ! Fun Game And Good Price . BUT IT !
 This game is awesome it has all the metal slugs on it with unlimited credits . It is great to play with an arcade joystick . Get this version for ps2 instead of wii , for true controls . If you get the wii version , I know it is cheaper , but you cant even use the classic controller , you have to use motion controls ! So get this version , get the version for PS2 !
 This is the definitive collection of Metal Slug games , and it is a weird , wonderful journey indeed . From aliens to mummies , enemy soldiers to aquatic beasties , this anthology of unlikely adventures has you battling through some of the very finest games from the golden age of the arcades . All the titles are in the lovingly designed , hand drawn art -LRB- 2D pixels -RRB- , that the team at SNK infused with boundless personality and FUN.As far as I can tell , each of the games in this collection are arcade perfect ports , and they perform flawlessly . Each game supports 2 player co-op , drop-in/drop out co-op , perfect for a little mindless , laughter-inducing entertainment . It takes about 45 minutes to play through each title from start to finish , which is quite lengthy for an arcade run-and-gun title , and particularly when you take into account the remarkable diversity that each game contains.The Metal Slugs remain among the very best games from their genre and generation , and they stand as pillars of inventiveness and humor for design . This anthology is an outstanding value at any price , and I only wish it was made available on more consoles .
 I do n't have much to say on the matter , METAL SLUG ANTHOLOGY is just what it is . A GREAT CLASSIC COLLECTERS PIECE . YOU have to be a serious JACKASS not to OWN this game . IT 'S THE ENTIRE METAL SLUG SERIES ON ONE DISC !! What the hell more could a gamer ask for ? I just hope SNK will do the SAMURAI SHOWDOWN series like this also ...
 first , i want to say , that i love Contra ! seriously i 've gotten some of the contra games and even though i get my ass handled to me , i still come back for a good run and eventually beating the first Contra -LRB- has n't everybody ? -RRB- . anyways , so Metal Slug i 've known about i played it wherever there was a MVS NeoGeo to be found . i have a AES NeoGeo with an conversion cart of Metal Slug 2 , but then i heard they had this . this game has all the Metal Slugs minus Metal Slug XX . its a great game to play and unlimited continues to enjoy the endings and all the bosses -LRB- my brother and i already beaten Metal Slug 2 -RRB- . however , since i gave this game a 4 stars in fun , is because while its extremely fun , this game suffers load times from selecting characters and advancing to the next missions . its not too bad , but it does sucks when you want to select a different character in game and then it has to load while the 2nd player is a boss fight . it does n't bother me too much , but it can be an annoyance.overall , a great game to have , next to Samurai Shodown anthology . get this game !
 I love this series of games , and except for some slowdown , they are perfectly emulated . The controls are responsive , and the 2d graphics are awesome and sometimes absolutely HILARIOUS ! Cool weapons , machines and overall just an awesome collection of games . Well worth the price.The only thing I CAN NOT STAND is the high score system . I wish it would n't let me continue forever and never penalize my score . It makes me feel like I 'm cheating or something . So , I set the continues to 5 or 10 for a challenge . Just a minor complaint , I could always write my scores on paper .
 I got this game for my brother a few years back and we still play it ! It 's fun and a classic .
 I have always being a fan of the Metal Slug series , with its humor , its action packed gameplay and its flawless 2D animation . But for a long time , you could only play these games on the arcade if you did n't want to shell out big bucks for a Neo-Geo . So , when I heard this anthology was going to be available for the PS2 , I bought it the moment it came out.Now , the disc contains seven games , from Metal Slug to Metal Slug 6 and they are just as I remember them , down to the annoying slow-down issues of Metal Slug 2 , and as you complete each game , you 'll unlock galleries , music and interviews.The only thing I miss was the `` Combat School '' of Metal Slug X , otherwise , this is a fine collection , sure to please hardcore SNK or 2D game fans .
 2 words across the video gaming platform brings fear into the hearts of men . METAL SLUG ! and with the exception of a term of '' Anthology '' put together makes it even more devastating . This is thy most testosterone-crammed Die hard-istic run & gun ; shooter ever assembled ! the controls are simplistic for the gore-tastic swarm of action that is waiting for you to feast on . The animation is cartoon-ish but it still keeps that Combative-steel knife feel that no other 2D shooter can deliver.This is the game that action films are made of and it humbles the ideal of what every action star is and should be.If your looking for a more complex and conceptual plot , you wo n't find that here.This is strictly made for the machine-gunner lover ! and those who have a fetish for explosive patriotic motives which leaves you with an exhausted yet satisfying feel of a tension after playing one whole game ! -LRB- which is clearly presented by the antagonistic saddam hussien carbon copy your constantly fighting to prevent schemes from . -RRB- for this is a must-have in any action gamer 's gallery.I ca n't recommend this game enough ! for the true medals that you receive in this game is the collection of saving P.O.W 's without dying once in a level and the urge embetter your player ranking score . 10 out of 5 ! . . Yep it 's that good !
 If you were never a fan of metal slug or dont know what it is let me break it down for you . Cartoony military dudes shooting everything in their path . If that sounds appealing to you pick this collection up . It contains the first 7 games including metal slug x. if you are a ps2 owner get it ! you wont regret it .
 OKAY IF YOU LIKE METAL SLUG AND HAVE -LSB- ... -RSB- BUCKS , BUY THIS . YOU SHOULD N'T EVEN BE READING THIS REVIEW !!! YOU COULD SPEND 16 DOLLARS PLAYING ONE MS ALONE !!! WELL MAYBE NOT , BUT HERE YOU HAVE LIKE 7 GAMES AND IT COST THE SAME . BEST DEAL EVER . BUY THIS ANTHOLOGY .
 Metal Slug Anthology brings all the Metal Slug fun from the arcade directly to the PS2 ! If you have n't played Metal Slug before , it 's basically a run-and-gun shooter game.PROS - It remains true to the run-and-gun formula , and retains the arcade feel -LRB- except that you have unlimited continues
 absolutely disgusting collection ! Complete and improved over previous versions ! Absolutely brilliant .5 stars , my highest recommendation.Perfect !
 I own a few anthologies and this is definitely the best value . 7 Metal Slug games in one package ! If you 're a fan of side scrolling shoot em ups , this is definitely a game you need to own . A must have for Metal Slug fans out there .
 A great collection from SNK Playmore . 2-d side-scrolling blasting action.If you love run - & - blast games . Get this collection . You will have a blast .
 Excellent value for all the games to be on one disc.A little more rare than it should be , though ; hence the price -LRB- for a PS2 game -RRB- . I bought this because my girlfriend loves it . She has n't really played any games besides SNES and Katamari , so she loved the simplicity of all these games . Side-scrolling , goofy guns , funny accents , zombies and most importantly , FUN!And its still a classic for us boys that need to mash buttons and kill historical socialist political forces .
 i used to play metal slug 1 and then 2 -LRB- when they first came out -RRB- game on commercial big screen in game stores.when i was a kid -LRB- ah those days -RRB- , i usually change 10 dollars of quarters and play daylong until i had no quarter left . when i saw this game those memories came back and i bought it right away . because these kinda games comes once in a while . on top of that you get all versions in one place for a reasonable price . This is king of 2d games , and best there is in shooting and action.Its a must buy , those who wont regret not buying it .
 This is an extremely good value ... You 're purchasing Metal Slug , Metal Slug 2 , Metal Slug X , Metal Slug 3 , Metal Slug 4 , Metal Slug 5 , and Metal Slug 6 all on the same disc . I have n't encountered a value this nice since Virtua Fighter 4
 I like the fact that I 'm able to play many of the Metal Slug games that I have not played before.Some of the components of the individual games are missing . Metal Slug X does n't have all of the extras -LRB- such as Boot Camp and Other Missions -RRB- it had when it was on the PS1 . The same is true for Metal Slug 4 and 5 . Also , their are certain parts of each game that pauses between scenes to load.Also , the game is overly challenging.Other than the few negatives , the game is playable .
 I was going to buy a Neo Geo X Gold just to get this game among others until I found this gem . I , no doubt , saved a ton of money on the nostalgic system and got something far superior that has the whole entire Metal Slug franchise on one disc . I got my arcade fix alright as I just finished Metal Slug 1 . I have a few more to go , but I am amazed at just how awesome this Anthology is in value . 330 Mega Pro Gear Spec goodness on the PS2 . And if you liked Contra for NES/SNES , Metal Slug is truly a game to experience . Mega bosses , drivable vehicles , 2 player co-op , and great weapon power-ups galore are all there in this side-scrolling shooter . I wish they would 've made this Anthology on XBOX as well .
 Well , guys this game is a classic and fun game I playall the time in different mode , medium and hard you will lovethis game ...
 The game is very good . i got the game between the days of the shipping process .
 i start to play this game from the first metal slug in mexico on arcade machines and am glad to get this disc with the whole history really love it
 I play this game like every day . It is so much fun . It is based from the arcade . What makes it fun is that it 's so unrealistic and it 's funny too . Get this game . Do n't listen to the negative review .
 The game came on time and worked fine . You should really consider buying a multi tap to take advantage of 4player . Im the basketball head : -RRB-
 This is one of the easiest and most fun basketball games to play . Tons of hidden cheat codes and Easter eggs , simple , fast paced gameplay , it 's even enjoyable if you lose ! Worth every penny .
 Hangtime is by far the greatest game in N64 history . I play it night and day . Nonstop . This game has amazing technology . And great gameplay . This game is at its best deal for $ $ $ bucks . I bought a whole truck load .
 Ray Storm , sequel to one of my favorite shooter of all time , Galatic Attack -LRB- also known as Layer Section in Japan -RRB- , is definitely one shooter to play . This game does n't hold much of innovations like Radiant Silvergun , but it 's a very solid typical-vertical shooters like Shienryu , which I consider one of the best shooters , only after Radiant Silvergun.The first game , Layer Section , had very good graphic by its time standard -LRB- beautifully drawn -RRB- and Ray Storm changed from 2D graphic to 2.5 ish graphic . The result ? Personally I would prefer beautifully drawn Layer Section over Ray Storm , but it does n't hurt its solid game play in any sense , yet it adds to its ` out there in space ' atmosphere . The music you ask ? It 's done by famous ZUNTATA , who 's work involve Darius Series . It does n't play just typical shooter game music which repeats itself over and over again , but if you look closely , not only zuntata managed to integrate the ` feel ' of the level , but it definitely raises the game to whole new level . Ray Storm 's music was impressive enough , but if you really want to be impressed , play Layer Section or Galatic Attack -LRB- and take a look at each level 's title -RRB- I prefer the very first installment , Layer Section , as the best out of all three , -LRB- Ray Crisis , which came after Ray Storm with not much of change -RRB- Ray Storm itself holds a very solid second place with solid game play , matching graphic to the atmosphere , and awesome music . When this genre is dying one these days , it 's a must pick up for shooter fans . I would even like to recommend this gem over Dreamcast games like Giga Wings -LRB- which personally do n't like that much -RRB- if you are looking for a SOLID , typical vertical shooter . DO N'T MISS IT!ps
 This is a great game . It is hard so for you hardcore gamers this will still provide the challenge you need . The graphics and sound are what you should expect from a PS1 title . Hope you all enjoy it wish it was longer tho . .
 Probably the best over head shooter for its time -LRB- overhead not side/etc -RRB- for it 's time . With amazing effects you would n't really expect for PSOne that still look pretty good today . It 's pretty hard and an awesome challenge
 Excellent ! By far the absolute BEST tycoon game I have ever played ! In short , the game is quite simply a masterpiece of fun ! Looks great - sounds great - the gameplay is fanstastic , and it 's stuffed full of what almost every other game in this genre is sorely missing - FUN ! It 's witty , it 's charming , and has great style.The campus of `` Fallback University '' -LRB- FU for short -RRB- was `` erected '' in 1969 for young losers , degenerates , and super hot -LRB- but dumb -RRB- chicks ! There 's 5 main frat houses , which serve as home to a cast of about 20-something colorful characters , each with their own personality traits -LRB- Preppies mostly want food / beer , Geeks and Nerds want to get to class , hot chicks want to dance / party -RRB- . Likewise , there 's a ton of buildings you can make which provide funny things you can sell to the students -LRB- like 40 oz . beers , cheat sheets , erotic massages , rave tickets , etc. -RRB- The genious of the gameplay is the care and detail they game-makers went into to give each character a real personality . Example - Jocks bring in money via sports teams , but are also exceptionally dumb . While they bring up the school 's party rating , they send the education rating down the toilet . Keeping those dumb , lovable idiots happy is key . In fact , you have to keep all the students happy or they 'll drop out , and you 'll lose the effects they are having on the school . Why would you want a bunch of dumb jock 's on campus if they bring down the education rating ? Cause they 're all on scholarship and have a ton of money to spend ... And also - since this is a National Lampoon game , the objective of a mission can be to ruin the school 's reputation!So they game has an easy to use but very deep system of balanced gameplay where each character is good for this , but bad for that . You 're in control of who enrolls in your campus , so you have to be very clever how you balance the student body . Regardless of polar opposites like Jocks and Nerds , the one thing they can all agree on is alcohol and hot chicks ! There 's over 20 different missions and each has its own little plot twist , so you 'll need to be creative in how you mix and match different types of characters to win!You can sell beer and other goodies to your students to get them rip-roaring drunk -LRB- and it 's hilarious seeing them gradually getting more and more drunk as they stumble around -RRB- . That lowers their inhibitions so they pay more for stuff you sell than they would if they were sober . Do n't get them too drunk , though , or they 'll pass out -LRB- and each student has a different tolerance to alcohol ! -RRB- On top of the masterfully executed gameplay , National Lampoon 's script and all the funny student comments soak the experience in gut splitting humor ! It 's witty , fun , and undeniably the best time you 'll have with a tycoon or sim !
 This game rocks ! There 's so many funny things you can do ... throw parties and see cute chicks dancing with Jocks , Nerds , Preppies . Build a beer garden and watch the students drink ... you can even get them drunk and see them stumble around and even pass out ! There 's also plenty of humorous content you 'd expect from National Lampoon . Get this game now !
 You can not beat this expansion pack for $ 30 !! SWAT 4 has been a great FPS - but Stetchkov greatly improves upon it . The AI is significantly better - no longer do you walk into a room and find a baddie just ambling around . More weapons have been added - I have really enjoyed the FN P-90 . The levels -LRB- seven new ones -RRB- have that lived in/realistic look - no more dozens of pristine rooms with only a few things in them . The new On My Command is great - you can put each team at an entrance and have them bang and clear at the same time . Ok , some downsides
 SWAT 4 puts you in the role of a special weapons and tactics officer . You will lead up to two teams of officers on a range of missions from hostage recuse to what I call ` get the bad guy ' missions . . The Stetchkov Syndicate Expansion Pack adds more missions , vastly improves the visual graphics in the game and they were already top notch in the first place . Some people have complained that there are product placement ads on posters in the subway and things . . but so what . . this just ads realizm to game . . The MULTIplayer options work perfectly on the LAN and on internet . I play this game on the LAN with 2 to 4 other players and it rocks . This game is as good as Americas Army 2.6 . . maybe slightly better in some ways . . I highly recommend it .
 My friend and I started playing this game about a week ago and let me tell you , the co-op missions are insane and challenging . I also played SWAT 3 and planing on buying the expansion due to the greatness of this game . To sum the game up for buyers , `` Intense , Ratifying , and addicting '' The game does take some time to get use to at first , but there are plenty of weapons to experiment with . Also , games provided by gamespy make it easy to play on LAN , other games that use their own servers are no well thought out , which is why I recommend this game !!
 This game was pretty fun . Short in the single player as there are only seven levels but online made up for it . Most people online seem to have the Expansion Pack so getting it adds seven extra maps to online . Was pretty fun overall and I would give it a 7.5 / 10
 If you are looking for the original game of swat 4 , do n't buy this one . THIS IS JUAT THE EXPANSION PACK!I made the mistake and bought it , when i recieved it i figured it put so had to purchase the game of amazon ...
 SWAT 4 is a great game and is a fun tactical shooter . While most folks online play by Rules of Engagement with co-op missions it also makes a good run and shoot game if you play custom modes . Amazon great as always .
 this game looks so awesome and its me and my sisters favorite game.Our first one broke . So we missed it and wanted it back really bad . So we decided to get it tommorow . Me and my sister ca n't wait to get it because my sister really loved the foodwall restaurant and there 's the meat barn restaurant in the game . We really like this game because it has really good graphics and and awesome new weapons and exclusive characters . The graphics are really good , there are more places to go to , similar to the original FoodWall Restaurant , there is another awesome Meat Barn Restaurant . I reccomend this to all of the R6 fans.by Grant and Celeste ,
 tHIS WAS A GREAT BUY . thanks . But people should be warned that this game will not play if you do n't have -LRB- Swat4 special weapons and tatics -RRB- and both games must be made by Sierra.com @ not by -LRB- www.vugames-europe.com -RRB-
 Game was more real like in life . I love to see more games like it . If you like SWAT games . This one is one to buy as you will not regret it . It was fun . Kept me busy .
 about this game i would say . if sighting was more realistic the game and players would move a lot faster .
 What I do n't get is why this expansion seems to do , only , the same thing as the free 1.1 patch found online . In fact , if you download and install the 1.1 patch , you ca n't install this expansion . Odd thing , the patch from online is 40something MB , where as the expansion CD is almost 650MB . Beats me what all that extra information is for . Maybe the ads ? Who knows.Anyhow , get the regular game , do n't bother with this .
 I have all Turok games except for 3 and 1 -LRB- I have the new Turok Evolution witch is the best one . -RRB- I play multiplayer with my 2 brothers and we also play with bots.My favorite bot is the icelord.There are tons of great levels and characters.It 's also hilarious when your enemies growl when they die like ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh or when you use the inflator to make your enimies fatter and fatter until they blow into tiny pieces of their organs.The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because in 1 player mode the enimies are running at walls all the time and and they do n't even bother to shoot you so they are easy to kill.But overall the game is great!Oh , and one more thing , I doubt the M rating.It should be teen .
 Ever since Turok2 multiplayer , this has been a must for all people . It features people like Turok , Adon , Mantid Soldier and Drone , Deadlord , mites , Fleshlords , Endtrails , the Campaigner , raptors , and many more . It features weapons like the boomerang , rifle , crosbow , minigun , inflator , emaciator , NAPALM Gel , Cerebral Bore , Scorpion launcher , and the CHESTBURSTER which reminds me of the movie Alien . These are only a few reasons -LRB- other then its the only game based upon multi player -RRB- that I gave it 5 stars . Way to go ACCLAIM ! -LSB- this game is bloody and is n't suitable for kids under 8 yrs . of age/this is only my opinion -RSB-
 Turok
 This game is aousome . I rented it , and I could n't get off of the game . If you are in one player mode , you still are playing a 4 player game . This game always has supprises . Every time you play , this game is different . You can never know where an enemy is . You can choose what guns you can get . Also , you can choose the enemy in 2 player mode . In 1 player , the enemy is never the same . You can also play on teams . Over all this ia the best game I have played .
 You got bugs in the 2-player mode mainly the creature tags have no way of getting by them a friend and i tried everything trial mode is ruined because of that flaw in 2-player trial made me highly upset because it is an awesome game as for the one player mode the only thing i seen was in two of the stages i was supposed to have a partner but every one was against me but i can look over that one because that made it harder and i really enjoyed that to the fullest i am still wanting to know if there is a way past the bugs in 2-player trial creature tag i will keep tryin but i would not buy the game if you do n't have it untill Acclaim works the bugs out
 WOW ! This is one of the best games I have ever played ! It is so cool to play with your friend all at the same time . I ca n't wait for the family to get together this x-mas so I can play this game with my family . The graphics are really cool also .
 This game is very exciting . The best part about it is the multi-player mode . We had so much fun fragging each other . It is a must buy !
 With expansion pack this game has simply beutiful grahpics . Single player is well laid out and fun and multiplayer Doubly so.A Great Gaming Experiance!Plenty of weapons with 2 ways to use each . A Masterpiece !
 Well , this can be a very chaotic game ! The creature noises are very entertaining , the weapons are pretty good , the graphics are really cool , there are a lot of boards , etc. . The reason I gave this game a 4 is because the first-person character movement is odd . You have to manuever the yellow buttons while you 're steering ; otherwise your character will just look around , which can be cool , but it can also be hard on my hands after a while .
 this game has great graphics & options in the multi player mode This Game Rocks !!!!!!!!! : -RRB-
 To hell with Golden eye , to hell with mario , this is the best 64 game . With the best multi-player , challenging single player , and many unlockable charicters , this awesome.My favorate thing is no sniping , and camping is useless . This is a REAL shooter . No tricks to win.-thy dude
 The next game in the Turok series , Turok
 PEOPLE , IF YOU HAVE ONE THAT HAS BUGS SEND IT BACK TO ACCLAIM AND GET A GLITCH FREE VERSION . IT IS EXCELLANT . THE MULTI PLAYER IS FUN , RECEIVING MEDALS IS FUN TOO . SOME ARE QUITE HARD TO GET . IT BECOMES INCREASINGLY CHALLENGING AT THE END . WORTH THE MONEY . BUY IT .
 I do n't why people are saying bad things about this game . I have not expierenced any problems and the graphics kill Goldeneye with the 4 MB expansion pack . The sound effects are superb . You can even hear the screams of players who are in different rooms . Grab a friend , or 3 and pick this game up .
 I really enjoyed this game . I bought it because I love multi-player games . Then I tried 2-player trials and found that we could not complete the trial . The creature tag trials can not be completed . When we completed the mission , we recieved a mission failed rating . We 've tried everything . We just tagged each other . We tagged only the bots . We also tried the revenge box and tagged other reatures . Is this a problem that anyone else has noticed . I 've tried 2 copies of the game and I had the same results . In one board I was told that it was a team tag mission . I was a one man team and the rest we 're against me . The game also froze on me then it read my memory card and reset . What 's the deal Acclaim ? Ca n't you do better than this ? Great game . But the bugs ruin it . Do n't buy it ! We pay good money and should expect better results !
 I 'm a huge fan of the Turok series on N64 . They are fun , bloody adventures with some truly inventive weaponry . The first game , Turok
 Although many places on the net and in magazines have reviewed this title and given it medocre scores , they are missing the point of Rage Wars . They mention that its plot is not that good . Well , the game was not released for plot , it was released to be an awesome multiplayer experience , which it is . There are many modes in this game that will satisfy the novice and veteran players . The single player modes are
 Finally Acclaim admits that there is a problem with Turok Rage Wars ! I sent in my defective copy to Acclaim . After a lot of complaining Acclaim admits that there is a problem with the 2-player trial creature tag modes . If you do n't mind paying the postage for sending your defective game pak certified mail and waiting for a new copy to be sent to you . -LRB- I 'm still waiting for mine . -RRB- Then go out and buy it . Be prepared to send it back to them though I have n't found a working copy yet . I really enjoyed the game . Especially with friends . I was extremely frustrated by the bugs . Do n't they have game testers to look for these kind of bugs ? If they did they need to be fired ! This bug was incredibly odvious and it was overlooked ! Come on Acclaim !
 This is a great game if you like to get together with a bunch of friends and just blow eachothers brains out . The weapons are all very cool and clever and the graphics are n't to bad . The levels are pretty cool too ! I highly recommend it !
 Rage wars is extreamly fun . When buddys of mine come over we play it non stop and play to the death . One time we played it for like 4 hours and we still didnt get bored of it.Its really good with great weapons to choose from . It isAnother great classic from Acclaim . The game is no sequal ... I think . But it is a must have for any true turok fan.If you liked Quake 3 youll love this game.Its so fun and out of control.The gameplay is greatThe controls are greatThe weapons are beyond AwsomeAnd the graphics are superb for the time that game came out.The secret characters are what get you to keep playing it causeits so friggin exciting . This is a most def if you want to keep this in your collection.I give An A +
 O.k. two friends and I played it untill we were to tired to go on ! Do n't tink this is more of the same . The multiplayerarena 's are perfect as are the weapons and powers . We played a little one-player and it is fantastic to ! With lots of goals to achieve . No puzzeling , just mayhem and fun . Gone back playing , bye bye .
 Man oh man is this game fun . This is a must buy if you enjoyed Goldeneye . I would reccomend to rent this game first though , because the single player mode might not be all you want . If you indeed found this game fun , buy it ! Nintendo has named this game with having some of the best graphics for the N64 up to date . -LRB- That is with the Expansion Pak -RRB- . I enjoyed this game and found muliplayer mode to beat Goldeneye , the superior graphics and detail on the surroundings and weaponry really effected the intense emotions you get from this game . This game is a must buy , and the reasons above expain why i give it 5 of 5 . It deserves every star .
 This game is ok like i said if you have friends to play multiplayer with . The one player trials are just too hard . right now i have had the game scence December , 2001 and i havent gotten through it yet . But other than that the game has great graphics and cool weapons . This game would be better to rent for a few days to see what you think before you buy this game . And by the sounds of things there is a glitch in 2 player trial i havent tried it out to see if it works yet so you will have to find out yourself .
 This game rocks . It 's the best of all the Turok 's . With up to 4 people you can play chicken tag , team frags , every man for themself , and capture the flag . With a very large variety of characters and weapons , the game never seems to stop . By going with up to 2 players in trial mode , you can earn new charaters . The only thing that was n't that good about it is that trial mode is not really an adventure , it 's just like multi player . But overall it 's a must-have game .
 As there are a dearth of Dreamcast games in this genre , I sawthis puchase , at best , as a consolation while I patiently awaited therelease of other more promising titles . I reluctantly handed over my cash , resigned to my fate.Boy , was I wrong . In my opinion , Shadowman is the premiere Dreamcast adventure title to date . Here 's why
 This game , while realllly slow at first , rocks when you actually get into it and start collecting items . Game play is rather fluid , but due to it 's immense size `` hesitates '' when loading differrent levels , switching between game play and the cinema scenes , and when switching music tracks . The soundtrack is awesome ; exciting and `` spooky '' at the same time . Shadow Man is not for the faint of heart , or for kids . It 's ESRB rating of MATURE is there for a reason . If the music does n't get to you , then the setting will . With zombies trying to slash you with claws or hooks , firing automatic weapons , sling handfulls of `` slime '' , or using VooDoo magic , this game has the potential to scare the hell out of you . If you survive , the ending will not disappoint you . If you do n't , that ending is pretty cool as well . The only drawback -LRB- or another top selling point , depending -RRB- is that the game is LONG , and will take more than just a couple of hours to complete . Be prepared to play this game for days , and replay it forever .
 I played a little of the Playstation version that a friendbought and I was not impressed because of the bad graphics and thechoppiness - When the Dreamcast version came out , I thought it would be better - I bought it put in the disk and sat back - Too soon , I became annoyed by the horrible load times and lack of directions -LRB- I had no idea what to do -RRB- - I was disappointed but I kept playing it for a few days . Do not be fooled when you start this game ! This is a great game ! It starts real slow but the story develops and gets good real fast ! The story freaked me out with the screams and moody music . I am not even 1/5 of the way done with the game and I am very impressed with the huge worlds , graphics , imagery and atmosphere . The creepiest part so far is when you encounter the shrines of the 5 . My hats off to Acclaim for creating such a great game ! - If you liked games like , Resident Evil , Silent Hill and Nightmare Creatures , You will love this gory but well made game - You WILL get lost , but keep playing , you will realize just how good this game is - 100 stars in my book and one of my all time favorite games !
 This is not a game for those of you with a short attention span . It takes a while to get to the action , but it 's worth it in the end . First off , the graphics are superb , a little dark at times , but I think that adds to the eerie nature of the game . Turn out the lights and play for a while , it 's downright spooky at times . The sound effects match well with the whole feel of the game and include some scary death screams and such . The real reason this game is good , however , is that once you get started the game is almost completely non-linear . You can go just about anywhere at anytime . For the average gamer this can become tiresome , but if you are like me it just adds to the challenge . Trying to figure out where to go and what to do next are sometimes difficult , but I hate games that are too easy . The amount of time it takes to figure out these challenges means a lot of playing for the price of a game . I spent 30 or so hours beating the game , and for me that means pennies per hour of entertainment . If you give up easily and do n't like a challenge , this game is not for you . If , on the other hand , you are a hardcore gamer like me you 'll eat this one up .
 Now THIS is the way a game should be made . Shadowman has it all , from good control to great graphics to eerie sound affects and music . I also like the mood of the game . Shadowman does n't treat you like an 8-year old . Lets put it this way
 Shadowman is the best I 've spent on a Dreamcast game so far . It has a good storyline , good control , great music and will pull you in with it 's gameplay . The only problems with it are that sometimes when the music tracks change , there is a slight hesitation in the game . Another problem is the load times at the beginning of the game . They 're pretty long . This game starts off slow , but after the first couple of hours of gameplay , things pick up considerably and you 'll find yourself losing track of time playing this game .
 I own both the Playstation 1 and the Dreamcast versions of this game , and the differences between the two are night and day . I ca n't really fault the shortcomings of the PS1 version given the hardware capabilities of that console -LRB- it was simply too much game for the box and it suffered as a result -RRB- , but then it must be said that the Dreamcast version runs SO much smoother and looks several times better graphically . There just is no comparison . Shadowman shows off the strengths of the Dreamcast better than just about any game designed for it.Given the tragic fate of the Dreamcast and Sega 's announcement that they were not going to develop any future consoles , only games -LRB- I remember being extremely frustrated on hearing that because the Dreamcast is STILL a damned good system that had a lot going for it , having a 200 megahertz processor , 16 megs of RAM and 8 megs of video memory incorporating features such as anti-aliasing ; I attribute their patch of rough road on the fact that they tried too hard to be the first 128-bit system on the market and that they did n't advertise it nearly as much as Sony did for the Playstation 2 -RRB- , this game stands as one of the console 's most epic titles.GAMEPLAY-5 StarsShadowman is set up on a third-person perspective basis . The controls are relatively easy to learn . They 're a little basic compared to today 's generation of games , but at the time , this was one of the most involved games around.The format of this title is rather hard to classify . It 's set up as an action/adventure platformer and all of the combat is real-time , but there are so many elements that put it in the realm of a roleplaying game that I hesitate to call it anything else . There is no system of ` experience points ' for it that allows you to accrue and improve your abilities or statistics such as Strength , Intelligence or Finesse , but over the course of the adventure , you perform activities and acquire things that up your health , your ` level ' -LRB- if it can be called that -RRB- , and grant you additional powers you did n't have at the onset . Your gear also gets truly b * tching after a while , particularly in regards to some of the projectile weapons and the magical voodoo artifacts you end up acquiring . As you improve , so does the challenge level , not only in puzzles or the number of creatures you might face in an area but in the type , some spirits of which are undoubtedly tougher than the area 's original inhabitants . There 's also the length of the game . At the time of the Dreamcast 's presence on the market , the average game length was around 5 to 8 hours . It 's possible to log in over 50 hours on this one before seeing its end . Not only are the domains you roam around in large enough - and convoluted enough - to get lost in easily , when you improve your powers , you can backtrack and explore places that were n't previously accessible , adding an additional level of depth to an already deep game . You do n't sit down an expect to finish Shadowman in a day or two , even if you have that kind of time . Key word
 if you own a dreamcast buy this game ! the graphics and sound fx disturbingly beautiful.before i played this game i expected it to be just an average adventure game wow was i wrong.to me this is the best adventure game on the dreamcast so far ! this is must buy adventure !
 Since I played shadow man I can not stop thinking about it and wishing that more games would be like it .
 Give this game 1 day and it will bloom into something big , something scary beyond anything you have seem or felt , the sounds of flesh being eaten off still living victims , babies being drilled to death , the gory graphics , the pools of blood , the black majic , it will all draw you in - Do n't rely on what you have heard from others ... they were too closed-minded to see just how deep the story is - When you start the game , do n't worry if you do n't have any clue about what to . This was done on purpose so that you could figure out the fate of the world -LRB- The living and the dead -RRB- the story develops within the game and you are helped by the characters -LRB- Nettie and Jaunty -RRB-
 An action-adventure game I enjoyed more than anything fromEidos . Killing enemies makes them explode -LRB- literally -RRB- . Blood andguts all over . It 's a little hard , but come on I do n't want an easy game I can just whip through .
 This game took me by surprise . The depth of the levels and the game play is mindblowing . I know I will get some flak for saying this but this game is as close to Metroid and any game has come in the 3D era . If the DC version turns out like the PC version and not the PSX version it will be a real winner .
 I just finished Shadow Man last night . My brother could n't stop recommending this game to me so I finally got around to trying it . Despite the fact that the animated characters in the story lacked detail -LRB- low polygon count -RRB- , I did feel that their motion was outstanding and the `` AI `` s behind their actions where exceptional . Also , the settings were HUGE and fabulously detailed with great texture and imagination . Everything is connected to everything in this game and it really takes some time to learn the elaborate layout of locations -LRB- helps to have a big hippocampus -RRB- . The story is dark and engaging and the gameplay is fabulous . Lots of great little puzzles to solve with plenty of surprises from baddies and the environment . I thought the music and sound effects where excellent - the music ranged from Beethoven 's `` Moonlight Sonata '' to Gregorian chant-like music to disco -LRB- funny -RRB- to house music . The musical transitions are nothing to write home about -LRB- unlike games like Banjo-Tooie on N64 -RRB- but the music is well combined with a truly spellbinding array of sound effects which add great texture to the game . Some areas of the game are incredibly dark , requiring the use of a torch or flashlight that you acquire during the game -LRB- I could only play this game at night -RRB- . The bosses were surprisingly easy to defeat -LRB- except for Jack the Ripper ! -RRB- , once you learn how , although the real fun is finding out how to defeat them and finding them at all .
 This game takes a a few hours to get into . Give it sometime and you 'll be hooked . The visuals , story and direction all start off very fuzzy and bland . They all get better . The levels are huge and you will spend a lot time lost and trying to figure out what to do next . This is one game in which a stratagey guide may help , or at least keep the frustration level down . The story and atmosphere just continue to bulid , and some of the last levels are a treat to the senses , and down right creepy.The graphics are uneven , some of the areas are fantastic , but the ealy levels are boring . animation is ok . And many time the levels are just to dark for their own good.I had a lot of fun playing this game , but i did need the hint book , and really didn ; t enjoy it until a couple hours in .
 After reading reviews of this game , I decided to give it a try ... I was n't disappointed . It has an excellent story line and the 3d graphics rival some of the better PC games . One of the good points of this game is that it will take you a while to finish it ... its not a one weekend deal . The game realm is big ... and you have to revisit many areas as you abilities and items increase ... which I think is also the game 's weakest point . You must go back and forth between areas too many times and killing all the monsters in each area every time you go back is more of a pain in the butt rather than challenging . Some of the items you need are well hidden ... search each area well ! It is also possible to finish the game without finding every little item . The soundtrack is good , but there are a few glitches ... sometimes it fades or becomes really loud . Overall , its worth the money and a lot of the time spent playing magically dissappears ... until you look at the clock and it says 1:00 am .
 Shadow Man is by far the most incredible game ever made . And the dreamcast engine is out to display why Shadow Man should be your pick . At the begining you will wander around and find objects necessary for completion , but it starts to get hard and confusing . Let me give you an advice , the map that comes with the game must be used because it 's your only hope . Shadow Man has graphics that are so crisp and clear that you would think that you 're actually there . This is and adventure game that will keep you intrigued and asking questions on how to solve little puzzling situations . This game will take you to a world that you 've never been too , and spook you at evry corner . The graphics are awesomely eyepoping . Everyday that I play shadow Man , I ask my self lots of questions on what shall I do next . You will venture a journey to surpress an apocalypse from happening . It is up to you as Shadow Man to destroy five evil killers and get the dark souls . Mama Nettie the voodo lady will guide you alongside with a serpent name Jaunty through your quest to rid evil from the face of the earth . Shadow Man will spook you and provide you with awesome sound effects that will grab you into the game . Shadow Man is a must get game . They 're five killers to destroy and and 10 gates to unlock . Can you save the world from destruction and cleansing ? If you think so , go get Shadow Man and try too . Save the world and experience what Shadow Man and the dreamcast engine has to offer . You 'll thank me .
 THIS GAME WILL SCARE THE HELL OUT OF YOU , DEMONS EVERY WHERE.PLAYED IT ON N64 , BUT SEGA GOT IT RIGHT .
 I have enjoyed this game since it first inception I sold my system years ago but felt drawn to purchase this title again . Thanks so much .
 Cant really describe it , from the look of it its just an ordinary action adventure game with shooting and platforming . But what really got to me was the atmosphere , music and characters . There all strangely intriguing that 's not to say the gameplay is not up to par because it is . It plays like a cross between the legend of zelda and soul reaver . So picture a game with dark sinister levels with crazy characters , with voice acting and gameplay reminiscent of legend of zelda that what shadow man is . But this review does n't do the game justice i urge you if you have an dreamcast or a PC give this game a go its a gem and its something you 'll have to experience yourself . It has flaws that are common in the gameplay genre but its perfectly adamant from start to finish and there 's replay value in the collecting department . Must have if your a gamer from the 90 's
 This game is incredible . Sure , it needs improvements , but also realize that they began the production of this game in 1996 , so not every aspect of it was up to par with the rest of some of the games also released in mid-1999 . It 's great . I would recommend finding the online guide by Randy Murtha when you get stuck , he is way more helpful than the actual strategy guide book -LRB- which I own -RRB- . You 're a voodoo-zombie guy by night , and by day just your average guy . Well , kinda . But I 'll leave the story up to you to discover.There are all sorts of things to pick up , and plenty of doors that you 'll have to return to later on in the story . There are plenty of weapons and items to make the game an interesting play , and it is nearly non-linear . For the most part , you can beat the game in a different order of events every time . EXAMPLE
 This game is awesome !! and is one of the best horror games . It takes a while to get in to , but once you do , you will love playing this game.It is a really long game 70 to 80 hours with very complex levels and has a great mature story line.The voice acting and story is one of the best i seen in a video game.The graphics are really good and is the best looking version out of the N64 , PS1 and PC.The music and sound effects are really good and will scare the hell out of you.It is one of the most mature game you will ever play and no one under 17 should play this game .
 This was the first game I have ever played , and it was an amazing experience . This game truly has it all , the Story , The Enemy , The Monsters , The places , The items to collect , great character !!! I have played this game 5 times already over and over and it does not stops to amaze me , how well thought it is . I truly wish there were another game just like it , but there is none -LRB- maybe one day -RRB-
 Trust Me , this game will keep You going for a LONG Time ! You wo n't believe the Content that this Single Disc Game has to Offer until You Play it . It was Much More than I Expected and I Highly Recommend it to anyone who is an avid Survival Horror RPG NUT , like Myself !
 This game is awsome.It takes a while to get used to , once you do , you like it.It is a really long game , with the most complex levels i have ever seen in a game.It has nice audio , and although the graphics are bad a t times , they are good.the only downfall to this gaame is the tendancy for it to be dark . ...
 This game is interesting on all sorts of levels . The Dreamcast graphics and sound are fantastic , and pretty creepy . Play control is very fluid and easy , and it is n't impossible to make tricky jumps . This game starts off slow , and it takes a while to get into , but it gets very engaging very quickly . The story is very complex , and it takes about 50 hours to complete this thing . Still , there 's nothing like stalking serial killers and chainsaw-wielding zombies with an automatic weapon in each hand .
 This is by far the best game I own for the Dreamcast -LRB- yes , I do own Soul Calibur -RRB- . I have been playing it now for eighteen hours straight and still am not even near done ! It starts off a little slow , and is a bit frustrating when you ca n't find the church or you end up dying thirty times because you jump and try to grab a cliff only to realize you 've got a weapon in both hands . There are some minor sound problems but they are relatively rare -LRB- and more towards the beginning -RRB- . They can be solved by reloading the level . Anyway , the game IS VERY SPOOKY , the plot is AMAZINGLY detailed . There is awesome poetry and all sorts of neat things to do . The blend of puzzles and combat is PERFECT ! The graphics are n't as spectacular as Soul Calibur but are still quit impressive . This game is well-worth the money .
 i know i 'll be called a sissy for this but i do n't care , this game scares the hell out of me ! and i 'm 20 ! the dark gloomy enviroments , the eery monsters come slashing out the dark corners of the game , i feel often times that i am mike or shawdow man either one i become wrapped in his world and make it my own , a huge good point for any game . i have n't been this scared since the first resident evil , and i 'm not comparing the two , just to make sure . everything looks very real , even my girlfriend who hates video games commented on how real the surroundings were , and yes it takes for ever to beat this thing ! but well worth it , a great game to compete with the playstation and N64
 at first , i was bored with this game . you run around and shoot things all day long . how much fun can that be ? the next day i popped in the game , put on some headphones , opened up a beer and turned out the lights and `` wow '' , so much better . this game can suck you in with it 's macabe music and environments . the adventure seems so much more non-linear than anthing like metroid . if you are looking for an adventure game you can get into , pick this one up .
 this is someting i played since i was 5 and i still like it.the most of it is like `` virtial '' monopoly in jurrasic park `` outfit '' . but it also includes mini games.i realy recomend it .
 NBA JAM 2000 is the best , the Jam and Sim modes are both great . I really like the create-a-player modes . If you have Gameshark this game is even more fun , so I would want to buy it if I were you .
 My sister gave me this game a few months ago . It is REALLY fun , even though it 's harder than other games I 've played on Game Boy such as Mario Bros. . It also has different type of play that I think is better even though it takes a while to learn . The sound , however , is awful ! When Ashley and Mary-Kate speak it is all scatchy and blurred . It was not just my copy , either . We tried others at the store , too . So to sum it up this gets a five ... if you play with the sound off .
 This game is good for young children who are just getting used to the Game Boy system . Awsome Game Play and an involving story line are just what the Game Boy needs , and this game delivers both . a must have this Christmas Season !
 I thought the game was lots of fun . Its addictive , yet simple to follow for younger players . My daughter , my son and I enjoy playing .
 The first few levels were easy but then it got tough and I only got to the 4 level.This game is great for any age .
 When I first saw this game , I did not have a Game Boy . When I finally got my Game Boy , there were no more copies of this game , anywhere ! So , since I get all my CD 's and such on Amazon , I figured that it would have it . So I came on , and there it was ! I bought it immediatly . It arrived three days later , and let me tell you , I could n't put it down ! The game is an exiciting adventure , especially for Olsen fans . There is a strange addiction to it . Anyone can come to like it . Medium difficulty . Good for keeping kids quiet .
 My daughter of 8 loves this game . She refuses to put it down . The gameplay is intuitively obvious . She was enjoying the game rightout of the package without wasting a lot of time figuring out commands .
 This game rules even if you hate mary-kate and ashely you 'll love it it has great graphics and levels
 I got this game 2 years ago and I still like to play it . But not as much as I used to . I love the MKA games they are so good . The only problem is when MKA talk it sounds awful but I do n't care b-c the game is awesome . At first it was a little hard for me b-c it was my first gbc game and I was only 10 years old . I like how Ahley,M-K , and Clue have their own abilities . Ashley 's are she can throw clue and flick switches . Mary-Kate 's are she can jump high and can be bounsed on to boost others up . Clue 's are canswim , can be stood onto boost others up , can be ridden , and can be thrown -LRB- by Ashley -RRB- . You got to have this game even if you are n't a MKA fan .
 This game is so incredibly AWESOME ! All those people who dissed it are really stupid ! MK&A are my idols I would do anything for them!This game had the best action , sound everything and I 'd gladly buy any of their games any day of the week ! Mary Kate and Ashley Rock !
 This Game is great for game boy color . Although not like Turok for N64 . In this Game you acquire many cool items like the mix kit which alows you to mix weapons . The game is in vivid color.I have to admit the bladelauncher is really cool.The only downside is that you might get annoyed by the monsters after a while.All in all if you enjoy Game Boy shooters and do n't know what to buy this game is perfect for you .
 I recently purchased this game a week ago . I must have played that game 4 hours before I needed a rest , the game is very entertaining . The graphics were very impressive , especially on the GBC.The point of the game is kinda weird , but that doesnt affect the gameplay.It is true that there are only 4 levels in the game , that may sound pretty short but trust me , its not.Each level is split up into 4 or 5 different parts -LRB- when i say parts , I mean backround setting changes , baddies and such.Sometimes you will find yourself trying to beat one of the parts really fast because of the scrolling screen . One of my favourite things about the game is the variety of weapons u can get , and whats even better is the weapon combining feature , where u can take two weapons u have and combine them 2 make a more powerful one . Over all , Turok : Rage Wars is an A + game . The -1 star is because once you beat the game a few times it will get boring , but that will take a while anyways.GREAT GAME !
 I purchased this game when I found out that Turok was on gameboy . It 's not as good as the N64 version , but it 's a pretty good substitute . If you like Turok games and gameboy games , I recommend that you buy this , I 'm sure that you will enjoy it .
 This item is used to transmit the sound from your PSP over a car radio . It works pretty well and gives you the option of charging the PSP at the same time . I find mine very very useful . When my first broke in a car accident i instantly bought a second one ... And since the speaker on my PSP broke i really had no choice.HOWEVERPlease note that this product does have a key design flaw on some models . When you are transmitting the sound over the radio AND charging the PSP at the same time it creates a huge amount of background static ... another reviewer mentioned this as well . My first one did this but my second one did not . However i bought one for my friend and his needed to be returned . so just be aware of the possibilty that you may need to return your unit if it has this problem .
 This is a great little thing - I do n't use it for a PSP though , I use it to listen to music on my Toshiba Gigabeat while driving , as the 3.5 mm and DC connections are the same.Some may complain of a high pitched whine while powering the device and playing at the same time , and this does occur . So it 's not really recommended for use while the car is stationary . However once you are driving the noise of the road pretty much masks this out and it 's not noticeable . The noise is also less if you increase the output of the Gigabeat and turn down the volume on the car radio.So basically if you are an audiophile then you 'd better look at some direct connection inputs to your car stereo . But otherwise , it 's a practical little product that works fairly well .
 I love this old style Civilizations Game . I tried the new style and it was too involved for me . I like this simple and fun game . These new games are too HIGH TECH for me !
 You can keep these over graphicized newfangled games for my the best `` take over the world '' simulator will always be the first Sid Mier 's Civilization build an empire to stand the test of time . For its time the graphics were top of line it was fun and totality addictive everything a good game should be .
 This is the game at its basic level , which for those of us of an older generation can appreciate . No time on your hands to spend days learning from a guide how to play a game ? Well , this version is great . Just start the program and your off . Unlike many of the games today , Civilization reaches back to the times when we did n't need much to be able to pick up the idea of a game . Anyone could play . Unfortunately , this is a much overlooked niche in today 's market . Look beyond the graphics to the very basic game play and this is a 5 star.Graphics are an extra frill , not the foundation of a game . I think more of todays games designers should take that little fact into account .
 I tried the later versions , but none were as addictive as the original . Who needs sleep ? I LOVE this game !
 I 'm always hunting for classic games.I played them years ago , but did n't have a computer yet.Now that I do now , I 'm glad to find them still for sale .
 I got these screen protectors when I got my DS Lite . I wanted to keep my screens looking new , and this product was great for me . First , make sure your screen is clean before you start ! I peeled the backing without touching the sticky part . I lined up one edge , then started laying it down from one side . The protector just seemed to cling right to the screen , I had very little smoothing with the card to do . This went well for both screens . A year later , they are still in good shape , though I may replace the one on the touch screen . My sister got a different brand for her son and had to replace it in a month . I know other reviewers had problems , but I found them to be better than most!Update : After having these protectors on my DS for nearly two years , they have held up great . I have also applied the same to two other DS 's and they both went as easily ... once you line up the protector , it practically attaches itself . I wish I could get these protectors for everything needing screen safety !
 Nintendo DS Lite Invisi ShieldsI 've had great luck with Pelican accessories , and these screen protectors are no exception . There 's one for each screen and with proper installation these will last you a long time.For starters you must clean your screen with a lint-free cloth BEFORE you install these guys . If not you 'll get dirt trapped beneath the shields . You also want to make sure your screens are dry if you had to clean them with a Windex or something similar.The touch screen shield has more stickyness and is harder to install . Just start at one corner and use a flat plastic to smooth out the bubbles.The top screen is a little thicker with a border . I 've had that one move on me , but I stabalized it with some adhesive on the edges.Avoid screen protectors made by Switch & Carry ; -LRB- BD&A ;-RRB- as those are problematic . Overall , I ca n't say anything but positives about Pelican . Just take your time to install these properly.Enjoy !!!
 Ok , 1 star for fun , since this is NOT a game . I picked this up the same day I got my ds lite , figuring that I might as well protect my investment . Since the ds was brand new , I did n't have to worry about cleaning the screens first . Anyways , this comes with a top and bottom screen protector . Each protector peels off the backing easily , and they are marked so that you do n't put the wrong one on the wrong screen . So long as you do n't touch the sticky part -LRB- it 's clear , your fingers , however clean , are oily and will leave finger prints on the sticky part -RRB- , and you line up the edges correctly , you should n't have any problems.Don ' t attempt to apply the screen protectors if : you are in a moving caryou are in the middle of a sand stormyou are in the middle of an earthquakeyou are an idiototherwise , protect your ds screens from scratches and have fun playing
 I really do n't know what other people are talking about , this shield is great ! The instructions were n't that hard to understand . I was mostly afraid of not being able to see after I put the screens on , but it really works well ! Great product , great purchase .
 I ultimately got this protector over the others on Amazon because it claimed that the touch screen would still work -LRB- which was n't the case with the first screen protector I had purchased -RRB- . Since there were mixed reviews for this , I was ready for a long battle when I went to install the screens . I was pleasantly surprised when the protectors went right on the screen without any air bubbles . I do n't think the touch screen is as sensitive as before , but it still works .
 easy to attach , comes with two . never had to replace . just make sure you stick it on evenly
 What i like about this product is it does n't only protect your screen but also it is not really visible even the ds is off ! It does n't form bubbles too which makes it easier for me to attached it to the screen .
 The shields are great . I just wish there were more of them in a pk .
 AM SO GLAD I GOT THESE SHIELDS . . GOT ENOUGH TO HAVE ON HAND . . MY SCREEN WAS SHOWING SOME SIGNS OF HAZING IN THE CENTER FROM USE ... NOW I HAVE A SHIELD ON THE BOTTOM SCREEN AND IT 'S GREAT . . DO N'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT REPLACING THE SCREEN OR THE GAME ... I RECOMMEND YOU GET EM WHEN YOU BUY YOUR GAME WILL SAVE YOU IN THE LONG RUN ...
 Product works great . Be careful to make sure you have it lined up exactly .
 I works and holds well . Its easy to install and it fits perfect . But the packaging ? Why so much packaging for so little product ?
 I only applied the shield for the touchscreen . It was easy to put on and the two bubbles I had came out easily with the soft `` squeegee-cardboard '' thing that was supplied in the package .
 I recently got myself a DS Lite and I knew even before I bought it that I wanted to get a screen protector for the touch screen if nothing else . After searching around , I decided to go with this product and I 'm not disappointed.I received it yesterday and had only a few minor problems in it 's application -LRB- resulting in the 4 star rating instead of 5 -RRB- . The first was with the protector for the touch screen , the far bottom corner from where a first started applying it had a hard time going down due to the slight ` lip ' between the screen and it 's border . However with a little persistence with the soft card that came with the protectors , I was able to get this pushed down and smoothed out.The other slight problem was a small air bubble occured in the middle of the top screen that I could n't smooth out with the soft card , it was minor - however -- and did not affect the display enough to affect my gameplay . This small problem seems to have rectified itself , when I looked at my DS this morning after having it closed all night , the airbubble on the top screen appears to have smoothed/flatened itself out . I have also had no problems with the touch screen sensitivity with the screen protector on.I am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to others .
 I just got it today , well yesterday now . It was very easy to put on and no bubble =D Comes with a dust cloth and 2 screen protector . i use a windex first then wipe with the dust cloth , top it off with the protector and it looks great . Take your time and do it slowly so you dont mess up . You only get 2 which so watch out!ps . with/without the screen protector , i dont see a different in the touch screen interface .
 I had put one of these on my game console before and it was a mess . It made playing the games impossible . I wanted to try again to use the shield , since I use the games a lot . These worked perfectly . It made all the difference in the scoring using a stylus . You need to be careful when you put it on so there are no air bubbles . You get 4 so it allows for a mistake . Very happy with them .
 I 'm very satisfied with these shields . I had a number of annoying blemishes in my touch screen and they disappeared when I put this on - nice side benefit . I was concerned about losing touch screen sensitivity , but I have n't noticed much of an impact on play control at all . They went on easy and I do n't have any bubbles . I just wish I got more than one for each screen just in case .
 The shield works great . Except I trapped a piece of dust under it the first time I put it down and could n't get it off and then got more dust on it in the process so I had to throw it out : - / The other one works awesome though . Definitely a good buy .
 Very nice screen protector , and fairly easy to install , there might be micro bubbles the first day but they 'll be gone the next day , so do n't worry about it . Very useful .
 I 'm not much for `` extras '' on anything , however , a Nintendo DS , by it 's very nature is going to get it 's `` screens '' beat up . I mean , it 's a `` touch screen '' system , and often times , you 're not just `` touching '' the screen , you 're `` tapping '' it just short of the tap bing a `` hit '' . These `` screen protectors '' do a good job of keeping the `` ever so important '' screens from getting `` trashed '' . Get these protectors and put them on . They are not hard to install just make sure there are no `` cat hairs '' trapped underneath . Speaking of `` cat hairs '' I complained to my cats about their hair being everywhere , and they said , `` Jerry , that 's why you keep us around , so you can get your `` fur fix '' . It 's kinda like the pretty girl with the beautiful `` long '' hair . That hair is beautiful until you see it clogging the `` drain '' . Anyhow , clean your screens and install these protectors . You 'll be glad you did .
 It gets a low fun rating but I love these little screen protectors ! They are required to maintain the condition of your DS . In my experience , they stay put until you remove them . My daughter got her DS about 3 years ago and I applied a set of these screen protectors at that time . They were still in exactly the same place - not even any corners peeling up - when I bought these to replace the old ones because they were showing a fair amount of scratches -LRB- that would otherwise have been on the actual screen -RRB- . They are applied very easily , my 10 yr old daughter has recently put them on her DS by herself . They do n't interfere with gameplay or affect the display either . I highly recommend them !!
 Despite the bad rating , I consider this to be a very good product . As some of other reviewers have said , it does not bring detailed instructions . It does however , have a small tab with some brief instructions on how to peel off the plastic cover that 's on it when you first purchase it . The tab might be hard to see for a lot of people , but , overall I think this is a good product that serves its purpose . It has done a very good job of protecting my screens from scratches , and has yet to peel off -LRB- like some of the other screen protectors I purchased -RRB- despite the fact that I bought this product close to a year ago .
 Great protection for your DS . No problems applying . Make sure surface is clean . Less than 5 min . to apply . Watch for air bubbles and dust sticking before applying . A must to protect screen !
 The screen protectors are amazing ! There was only 1 air bubble I had to push out . I started with the top screen so I would n't mess up on the bottom screen . After putting them on , you ca n't even see that they 're there !
 I was very impressed with these screen protectors , installation was very simple and the protectors are very durable . Not to mention that they 're at a very great price !
 I 'm quick to not read instructions , but the little signs on the plasticmade it easy for me to get the right piece on the correct area.Not bad at all , had a few air bubbles but its not affecting my playing.Great product !
 Some kind of protective shield seems a must for DS . I picked these up to keep my brand new DS Lite in like new condition . This product does the job and is very affordable . My one complaint is a lack any documentation/instructions . Take you time , be careful and it 's no problem . But I prefer some kind of docs .
 Although this game will not ship until the fall of 2004 , I was lucky enough to see an astounding video of game play that was roughly 10 minutes long at the recent Games Workshop Games Day in Maryland . Reviews and previews in PC Gamer magazine earlier this year were very favorable . A brief trailer is also available at the Dawn of War website . Based on everything I 've seen so far this game has the potential to be one of the most spectacular futuristic strategy games ever released . Note that I 've annotated my review below with parenthetical comments for non-Warhammer 40K players.If the actual game play is as astounding as the simulated play in the video and trailer , this game should be very pleasing not only to Warhammer 40,000 fans , but to everyone looking for a terrific fantasy/science fiction strategy game . The images of the Chaos Defilers -LRB- walking demon possessed machines with claws and huge cannons -RRB- tearing a Land Raider -LRB- large tank -RRB- apart , the Eldar Avatar -LRB- fiery space elf demon -RRB- wailing on the Defilers with his huge magic sword , Ork Killer Kans sawing their enemies in half , Eldar Falcon grav tanks hovering and pouring energy weapon fire into their enemies ; all of it was simply amazing.The game animation when the Bloodthirster -LRB- huge demonic monster with gigantic axe , wings , horns , etc. -RRB- appears by possessing one of the Chaos Space Marines made people watching the video at Games Day `` ooh and aah '' and people cheered and applauded at the sight of the Space Marine Captain leaping upon the shoulders of the Bloodthirster and then pounding it to death with his Thunder Hammer . It was spectacular!If the game is as good as it looks when released , if it is relatively free of programming bugs , and if the user interface and other important features are fun and easy to use , I 'll have to come back and give it 5 stars !
 I returned to this game after two years absence . I found my account hadbeen key logged hacked . -LRB- someone read my password , entered the game , and took all my characters items , inventory , funds , even deleted a couple andattempted to transfer one . I wasnt playing so my account wasnt active.I was coming back to buy the new expansion . But my level 70 is unequipped , and Blizzard gave me 100 gold on one character . You can not participate in the Burning Crusade quests without armor . You can not redo the quests to get replacement armor . You can not afford to buy armor with out gold . The patches caused extreme screen distortion now on my computer . I did upgrade my drivers , and ran tests on my video card Nvidia with out seeing any problems with the card . I can play other games without distortion . I am also careful to run a virus scan each night.My warning is on a PC I think your computer is at risk playing this game .
 Well , like I wrote in the world of warcraft review , I 'm unable to play the game . I was hoping to play it on a private server , however I have been unable to get the updates for the game . One issue I had was when I tried installing burning crusades I got to the third disk , and it did n't take real well . So I had to retry to reinstall the game .
 I love this expansion pack . I play it ... way too much.Silvermoon is a really cool city . I love being a Blood Elf , and I 'm really looking forward to going to the Outlands when I reach level 60 .
 Having played only the previous incarnation of World of Warcraft , all I can say is WOW -LRB- pardon pun -RRB- !! The colors are fabulous . The detail is awesome . I ca n't wait to hit level 70 .
 This game is action packed and adventurous . The two new races Blood Elves and Draenei have exciting new homelands and quests to explore . People of all ages would like this game but people 10 and older would probably like this game most .
 What else is there to say ? Its all been covered in previous reviews , I 'm just going to say this game is amazing ... . the only draw back is it takes up alot of your real life !!!!!
 preordered 2 months in advance and still havent received it , from tracking i ca n't even be sure its actually even been sent out yet ... 1st day out and i am sitting in ironforge watching peeps who are already 65 and not even knowing when i will get the expansion , well it plain sucks ... . local stores didnt have it either.So basically i recommend buying preorders from * gaming sellers only * if you expect to have it on time ! Seems they are the only ones who understand the concept that preorder means its in the buyers hands the day BEFORE release , or at least the same day .
 I played World of Warcraft from December 2004 to January 2006 and loved `` almost '' every minute of it . By December 2005 I was pretty bored and tired of running the same dungeons over and over and over . Just last week I decided to pick up the expansion and give it another try and I 'm really glad I did . The new Outland continent is so much fun and even though its the same concept as WOW its different and refreshing . Thanks to this expansion I 'm playing the greatest game ever made again . Highly recommended .
 Great game . Blizzard has outdone themselves again . The new items are 10 steps above the old ones and the new landscapes are works of art . It did n't cause any trouble during installation on either of my PCs -LRB- one custom built desktop and one IBM Thinkpad -RRB- . The patch download is a pain , but if you have a high speed conection it 's no big deal . It does take up a large amount of HD space though , so be prepared .
 Gamespot and Firingsquad each give it a 92 . I agree ; this is what an expansion should be like . Forget all you thought about greens ; the greens are amazing , you will quickly replace your blues and purples up to Tier 2 with green armor and weapons .
 This is a nice addition to the existing game . It adds alot -LRB- races , trades , new kinds of weapons , lands -RRB- without sacrificing any playability whatsoever . Just makes a great game even greater ! A must for everyone who plays Warcraft .
 The game plays great from level 60 to 70 . Lots of fun quests , great new gear and interesting lands to explore . But at 70 the magic that WOW had is n't quit there.After 70 getting to the end game is just not fun . To get attuned for it you must run several 5 man instances over and over again . It would not be listless but find a group is a problem . They eliminated the channel used to find groups and replaced it a very limited tool that most players do n't like or do n't use.The end game is a shell of what it use to be . There are no new 40 man raid instances like Molting Core . Instead there are 10 and 25 mans . To get attuned to the first 10 man `` Karazhan '' takes a bit more then getting Onyxia attuned . To get to the main 25 man `` Mount Hyjal '' takes the equivalent of getting 30 Onyxia keys . It would be do able but with the new looking for group system players are giving up in mass before they even get to Karazhan .
 having this expansion pack to the original World of Warcraft has opened up a whole new experience in the gaming world . Not only has the level cap been raised from 60 to 70 , there are two new races and starting areas as well as a whole new continent ; the Outlands to discover full of new quests with new weapons and gear with some pretty fantastic stats !! Upon reaching lvl 70 you also get the added bonus of purchasing a flying mount to explore areas of the Outlands not admissable by traditional ground mount . There are new dungeons to explore and plenty of gold to be made.I hope all the World of Warcraft players purchase this expansion and find a whole new enjoyment to the game just as I have.Enjoy and hope to see you in Azeroth !!
 If you do n't mind shelling out the monthly fee , WoW is a decent value on entertainment . I do n't watch television , and I 'm not someone who devotes my life to playing a video game . I have a family which comes first , and it 's nice to see Blizzard offering content which does n't take 5 + hours to run through in order to progress . I 've played since the game was originally released , roughly 2.5 years ago . This is the first major expansion.A few positives : - Very different environment models - More balanced for the casual player - More ` instanced ' areas for smaller groups -LRB- 5 & 10 man as opposed to 25 & 40 man which can be time consuming and difficult to manage -RRB- A few negatives : - Be careful to take the game in moderation , it can be addictive for many . - Player vs. Player oriented gamers would find more balance in games which require skill -LRB- such as Counterstrike if you can find a non-hacked server -RRB- - If you are a long time player , you will need this expansion to compete on a level playing field since the level cap has been bumped to 70 . They have also reworked a majority of the game mechanics for the new level cap .
 Wow does n't need another review . But they asked so what the hey . The gameplay is n't revolutionary so the appeal comes more from a `` Civilization '' type addiction -LRB- just ... one ... more ... turn ! -RRB- . There are , at this point in the games life , plenty of quests to keep you busy . I generally like to solo and only group when absolutely necessary . As with City of Heroes -LRB- the only other MMORPG I 've played -RRB- this can be a great experience or tedious . You can solo for a great majority of the game if you are careful to choose a solo freindly class -LRB- Hunster , Warlock -RRB- , but the point of these games is to interact , is n't it ? I have n't yet beome enmeshed in a guild so I ca n't report on the relative merits or flaws .
 i 've been playing this since the beta of the original version -LRB- ~ 2004 -RRB- and to be the honest this is way more than a patch but less than a full game , you can easily reach 70 in a couple of weeks . The content wont end in 2 weeks but the fun is gon na be over in maybe 1 or 2 months later.Definately worth buying for the hardcore gamer with a couple of lvl60 characters but not needed for the player in the middle range -LRB- ~ 40 -RRB- which is not willing to create a new character with the new 2 races .
 I do n't have any level 60 characters , so I ca n't comment on the high level content . But I can comment of the new races and professions
 World of Warcraft is one of the greatest games of our time . It is the kind of game that makes gamers feel bad for non gamers who will never experience the massive world of Azeroth and one of the few games that never gets boring and has an infinite amount of things to do.When The Burning Crusade expansion pack came on the horizon it created a massive hype for a fresh chapter in the games ongoing legacy . Once The Burning Crusade launched it truly did live up to its hype and is a fantastic achievement in the World of Warcraft franchise.With the new level cap of 70 giving veteran players a fresh expirience as well as the two new races it feels like your just starting again . Along with tons of new quests , items , weapons , dungeons and raids and more , Blizzard gives us a huge variety of new content to enjoy making it a worthy expansion pack to one of the greatest games of our time.Dont pass this one up !
 I 'm addicted to WOW . I needed The Burning Crusade to get my character to level 70 . The Outlands are awesome , the challenges are insane , lots of new cool stuff . Now Im just waiting for Wrath of the Lich King . But warning - you need a fast gaming computer to be able to play . I am in the process of upgrading my computer because I am experiencing lag issues after installing TBC .
 Burning Crusade lives up to all the claims of adventure and intrigue . You are pulled from one great location to the next as each new quest takes you deeper and deeper into the story and the wonderful scenery of Outlands and beyond.Leveling has never been so much fun , whether you like to go it alone or with friends , the instances are exciting and the quests challenging .
 `` WOW '' is the only word that can describe this game -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . The 2 draenai are great and the new starting area is amazing . Personally , I do n't like the blood elves that much , but they 're starting area is sweet and shiny . The allience Shaman and Horde Pallidans change PvP for the better . All the battles are more epic and the game is just different . Not having the pleasure of being level 70 yet , I will not review the outland , but I can say this , it 's amazing and fun . I recomend this expansion to everyone that enjoys games and such .
 If you enjoy Massively Multi-Player Online Role Playing Games -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- this add-on to World of Warcraft may be the best one out overall . It has everthing Ultima Online -LRB- remember that one ? -RRB- had but done much better and has true three dimensional graphics . Two really interesting races have been added to the original eight and the storyline enhanced . It is very playable and fun to develop your characters and not too cumbersome to play . Player development takes a reasonable amount of time and can be expedited by the use of tricks of the trade or guides to how other players went from Level One to Level 70 in 7 days of play time . The `` getting there '' part is only half the fun as the storty unfolds.The bad part is that with 8.5 million players you can have a wait to just to logon to play which is totally unacceptable but Blizzard opened more servers -LRB- virtual realms -RRB- . How the new realms work out remains to be seen .
 The first expansion to the award winning , best selling , highly rated MMORPG World of WarCraft . `` The Burning Crusade '' takes players into the Outlands , the shattered world formerly known as Draenor - the home of the Orcs of the Horde and the Draenei of the Alliance.TBC introduces players to two new races , the fallen high elves known as the `` Blood Elves '' and the `` Draenei '' , as well as new classes available to players that were n't so before.Players go beyond the previous level cap -LRB- maximum available character level -RRB- to the level of 70 . With new dungeons -LRB- instances -RRB- , raids , battlegrounds , areas , and the Arena -LRB- where players can team together for team-based PvP action -RRB- . Most of Outlands lies in ruins , having been destroyed by the Orcs in their blood-pact which they made with demons long ago . Many of these demons still taint the Outlands , offering a bitter challenge to worthy players . The demons , now ruled over by the not-so-night elf - Illidan Stormrage , are not the only enemy that players will come in contact with , Illidan has made strong allies and taken hold of the Black Citadel since the end of the Alliance 's third war with the Horde.Aside from these new challenges and PvP Zones , player now can take wing and traverse the very skies on flying mounts . -RSB- Overall , I 've given the first expansion a five for everything that it has brought to the World of WarCraft .
 Ever since I got my new laptop , I 've now surrounded myself with PC games and their expansions and whether or not something 's worth the purchase since I 've gone years dealing entirely with the console market . Naturally one of the first I got was World of Warcraft , one of the world 's top MMO 's available and seeing as how level caps and new races get added for the expansions , getting Burning Crusade offers some content to warrant a purchase for those looking to get the most of the game . And unlike Wrath of the Lich King 's , the content here can be accessed right from the get-go and seeing as how there 's been a couple of improvements , Burning Crusade is worth a purchase for these reasons though the main game by itself has enough content for everyone too.Added to the World of Warcraft character choices are 2 new races
 I am a big RPG fan from WAY BACK - and the online RPG 's as well even though they call them MMORP 's or something - lol . If you have played Everquest - Guild Wars - or Final Fantasy Online - then this game is for you . Unlike the FF series which requires you not have a REAL LIFE because the world is SO VAST it takes you a whole `` real time '' day to get to the next area or town . World of Warcraft is a bit faster to level in and you can travel by bird or mount once you find the bird for each town or reach level 30 for a mount . Unlike Guild Wars however you will not have your own NPC party to group up with and you ca n't dye your clothes or armor whatever color you like with the DYE that you find . Overall World of Warcraft is a great game and even more fun if your friends are playing because what is more fun than wiping out a whole dungeon with friends - right ... Also if you dont want to give out CC info - they have 3 month prepaid card you can buy instead at most local stores near you .
 TBC is a great expansion , enveloping you further into the WOW world . This expansion introduces two new playable races , and a new profession . A must for fans of the original game .
 This addon gives access to Outlands , one of the expansion zones for WoW . If you do n't already know what it is , then you 're problaby do n't need it . But if you are looking to WoW it up , then this is one of the required addons .
 This game is something that over 10 million people have bought and are playing . If you are familiar with the original game there are a few changes that have been made in the expansion pack.First of course there is a new area of questing for 58-70 . Newer instances and newer raids . Raids have been dropped from 20 and 40 man to 10 and 25 man . Making it easier for the casual player and casual raiding guild to do . New races , Draenei and Blood Elf . And of course the Alliance now have shamans and the Horde now have Paladins . New profession , Jewelcrafting . Making gems for socket items . Also , the introduction of arenas . 2v2 , 3v3 , and 5v5 teams fight to the death for points and titles.Overall , it 's still a great game . If you are new to WoW beware that this game is not intended for those who play one or two hours a week . People have been known to play over 50 hours in a week . Unfortunately , this game has become and addiction to some . You can play casually as long as you like , yet your character 's level and gear will reflect how much time you put into the game . If you do n't have a lot of free time , perhaps this is n't the game for you . It takes the average player one to three months just to hit level 70 . That does not include the time it will also take to play and `` gear '' your character from that point on.A great aspect about this game is you can be a PvPer -LRB- Player vs Player -RRB- or a PvEer -LRB- Player vs environment -RRB- . Or you can be both . Either way you can earn great gear and have fun.Arenas are a fun new aspect of PvP in Burning Crusade.Some people have commented on the arenas not awarding you with anything unless you 're good or have a good group . Well , that 's the point . If you are n't a good PvPer then your arena rating will reflect that . You will not get `` free '' gear just because you want it . You will have to work at it . It would n't be very much fun or competitive if everyone got great gear even if they were awful players.If PvP is n't your thing then you can PvE . I also read a comment on how it takes so long to get a group for anything PvE wise . Well , that depends on what you 're trying to do and what realm you 're on . Some realms have `` died '' out and many people have transferred to others . It 's important to do some homework and find out the ratio of horde to alliance and how many people are on a realm before committing to a toon on a specific server . It can be difficult to get some groups for the lower level instances . In all fairness , these instances and their gear will be ultimately replaced rather quickly as you level . Once you hit 70 , you can join a guild -LRB- unless you already have one -RRB- with a decent number of other 70 's and run instances and raids with them.Overall , this game is something that requires time . It involves playing and dealing with other people online . This is not a game that can just be played alone with NPC 's . This game can be a load of fun if you let it . It can also be miserable if you want free things handed to you without some sort of work and effort put forth . You can not `` win '' at this game . It is on going . It also takes time to learn all the aspects of this game . If you 're willing to do that it can be a great experiance .
 WoW has set the bar for all MMORPG 's period . This is the one only expansion to the game since it first came out -LRB- Nov ' 05 . -RRB- BC has brought in 2 new playable races , new lands , dungeons and creatures and a whole host of quests and tweaks/refinements . Blizzard has done a remarkable job of keeping content fresh and balanced -LRB- although for the last few months , since May '08 really , the veterans are getting edgy for lack of new material . -RRB- You know they are close to the mark when the voices behind the pros and cons of a change or addition are fairly equal in nature . Blizzard has also done a very good job of policing it 's community . That in itself hands them a 10 out of 10 in my book . Play is easy to master , the world is boundless -LRB- at least for the first year or so -RRB- and just about every individual fantasy desire is accommodated
 With over 157 reviews this hardly needs my imput but I feel compelled to warn people ... this game is highly addictive ! The graphics and user interface is so liquid you feel as if you are really there . . and somehow this alternate reality becomes real . You are there . I 'm hooked !
 I love playing this game its fun thanks for my boyfriend who introduce the game to me !!! Its WOW !!!
 This is an amazing expansion for World of Warcraft . They took an addicting game and just added more stuff .
 After a year off from World of Warcraft to focus on my newborn daughter , my friends pulled me back in with the promise of more classes , higher levels , better gear , and greater rewards . The Burning Crusade expansion does all of this . I was worried that I 'd be lost in the game , but it 's like riding a bicycle ; just jump on and muscle memory does the rest . My level 60 Troll Warrior was ready to go and experience the new content and let 's just say I was more than amazed . Within minutes , I was garnering equipment that far surpassed my current gear . If you play WoW , this is a must have expansion !
 I like the original WoW . If you enjoy that game , it makes sense to buy the expansion and upgrade . Besides the initial cost of the game , there are no additional cost to the monthly subscription fee.You might as well fully experience all the new and added content for the same subscription price you are paying.I 've played BC and do like the new content .
 I recieved my order in a very timely manner and the product was in great condition.Also , this game is really worth the cost initial cost to purchase the product as well as the monthly cost to play . The world itself has so many different ways to interact with other people NPC 's and the environment itself . All in all , it is very diverse . The only `` downside '' to this game is the download time for all of the patches . Once you 're past that the times to download new patches are usually quick . I have recommended this game to many of my friends who play MMORPG 's .
 This is the first expansion pack to the incredibly popular online game `` World of Warcraft '' , or `` WoW '' , which is required to use this product . As far as MMO expansion packs go , Blizzard really focuses on quality , not quantity , which is great , both in terms of making the game experience enjoyable , as well as not trying to get as much money from their customers as possible.This expansion introduced many substantial changes in the mechanics of WoW , so if you quit the game before BC -LRB- Burning Crusade -RRB- was released and are looking to return , quite a bit will be different . Many of these changes were for the better ; for example , the introduction of competitive pvp arenas has revitalized and greatly increased the quality of pvp -LRB- there are even some WoW pvp tournaments for money now -RRB- . Like any MMO , the very end-game content is still often bugged , unbalanced , or improperly tuned , but these problems are really only experienced by less than 1 % of the player base . What makes WoW and BC so great is the sheer variety of polished content there is to experience . The properly tested content is lots of fun , and many people will tell you that this game , like many MMOs , is very addictive . Whether that 's good or bad I 'll leave for you to decide.So why only four stars , instead of five ? For me , the greatest drawback of this game is the dramatic shift in the style of this game when you reach the maximum level -LRB- currently , level 70 -RRB- . Up until level 70 , it 's possible to enjoy all the content by yourself , or casually in pick up groups of five . But at level 70 , content becomes very group-oriented , which can come as a surprise to many people , and finding a regular group of reasonably skilled and dedicated players becomes more important . If you want to experience the end-game raid content -LRB- for groups of 10 or 25 players -RRB- , then this becomes absolutely essential . Unfortunately , Blizzard does not offer great guild support , either in-game or on its websites , which can make experiencing end-game raid content difficult and possibly even frustrating for many people . As a result , the depth of gameplay which you can only experience in organized , large groups , can be unnecessarily difficult for many players to see first-hand . Nevertheless , there 's still plenty to do and enjoy in this game . If you 're new to WoW , odds are it will take you anywhere from 300 - 700 hours of gameplay to reach the maximum level , so it 's probably still worth the money to buy WoW/BC if you 're new . World of Warcraft will keep you plenty busy , and it 'll give you the chance to spend lots of quality time with your friends , or give you the chance to meet many new friends online .
 10 more levels , more professions , more races , more lands - how awesome is that?I do wish that there was more customization of characters - at least the ability to change hairstyles . 70 levels later , I 'm a little sick of looking at the back of my head.Other than minor changes like that - it 's still a well balanced games that I continue to enjoy . I ca n't wait for levels up to 100 !
 This game takes hours away from your day to day life . I enjoy playing this game on a daily basis ; I have played this game daily for the past month and a half and still have not made the cut-off of level 40 . This is the point in the game that it really becomes fun . I am a level 38 and so close I can taste it . Blizzard took the cake with this one and I love every minute of play time that I get . The graphics , the playability , the interaction with fellow WOW addicts , there is nothing like it . If I sould give it more stars , I would . Have fun and let me know what you think .
 Great Game ! No ifs ands or buts about it . Very addictive . Once you get started it is hard to get yourself away from the keyboard . Blizzard outdid itself this time . Diablo II was a milestone in gaming , but WOW has gone beyond that . There is so much more you can do with the questing and pvp even the crafting is a big plus . Yes , no matter what character you decide to chose or profession you go into . There are many adventures awaiting you .
 Unless you have large amounts of willpower - it is truly that immersive and addictive . I 'm not a gaming addict -LRB- I do n't even have a level 70 character yet -RRB- , but I have been playing WoW since closed beta testing , and I am still not tired of it.The new content is amazing . It 's creative , it 's fantastic -LRB- as in , fantasy -RRB- , the artistic integrity is preserved and it remains a very , very rich world with plenty to do , lots to see and phat lewtz to get . Just as when I first started playing , I find myself taking time to just wander around the new areas and gaze at stuff . The quests are also interesting , particularly the new PvP quests , which are really fun.The new races - Dranei and Blood Elf - have been given very distinct , well-planned flavors and starting areas.The new jewelcrafting skill seems interesting although I have n't really leveled a character with it yet.My main character is a Rogue and I 'm a little unhappy with both the way and number of times they 've redone the Talent specs , but your mileage may vary.I really ca n't say enough good things about WoW and this expansion pack , but seriously , do n't buy it if you have no life and/or no willpower , or if you tend to be addicted to games .
 When I logged on to the server for the first time and entered the Dark Portal I was pretty excited . I rushed to the yellow dots on the screen to pick up some quests and started the level grind . The new instance in Hellfire was fun , not easy , but challenging enough to keep me coming back for more . At around 63 I hit a dead point though . I realized that it was the same thing that it was before . There are more quests then ever before . I never run out before moving to the next land . That 's a good improvement . The big con of this game thought is just that it 's the same grind that it was before . But there is new content . Classes are balanced nicely , some could use a bit of tweaking , but you 'd never notice it . All in all its 10/10 if you still love the game in general , but if you were getting bored before simply because lack of content , I think you 'll end up getting there again once you hit 70 and explore the new instances . If the concept of the game got boring , nothing has changed .
 I preordered my copy next day air and received on the release day around 2PM my time so the expansion was waiting for me when I got home . Download took about an hour and included 2 patches which were relatively slow due to the fact there were probably many other people trying to access the same connection.When I logged in and began playing I did not expereince any sorts of issues except a few bugged quests although I did have some people mention the servers had gone down for short periods earlier in the day . As with any new game there is going to be downtime to be sure everything works as it should , even the best tested software can be found to have bugs when put into full production.BC is all I hoped it would be and more ! Having been at level 60 for a while and seen a lot of the end game content , I am happy to see the opportunity to level up and accomplish something new.This is a definate must have for anyone who likes WoW , just be careful not to become too addicted . : -RRB-
 Normally I do n't buy software immediately since it often comes down in price within a couple of months but my mom bought this as a gift for my husband the day it came out and I have to admit that , had we purchased it ourselves , it would have been worth it.If you love WoW , this can only enhance your playtime.If you do n't love WoW ... then why are you looking at this item?I have n't played in over a year and but the new content has sucked me back in and I am addicted all over again . I ca n't wait to see every new area and to level up to try new spells/skills . So often , expansions seem half-hearted , as if the company wanted to perhaps make a little extra cash while fixing some of the existing bugs.Not the case here . Blizzard obviously put a lot of work into this expansion with tons of new quests , new races , new abilities.I ca n't say enough but I think I have .
 I started playing WoW in November of 2007 so this review is as much about WoW as it is about the Burning Crusade expansion . Wow and BC are sophisticated MMORGs in that the story development and plot lines are well constructed and thought out . Playing the game and leveling can be a bit of a grind now and then , but there are plenty of in-game activities from battlegrounds to seasonal quests to arena PvP events that make the game fun month to month , week to week , and even day to day no matter what . The environments are beautifully rendered with a variety of complex terrains and texture mapping .
 I 've been playing this game for 2yrs , & do n't think i 'll be stopping anytime soon . Once i reached 60 there was n't much to be done but raiding or pvp , now i 'm taking my sweet time to get to 70 , exploring Outland .
 If you already love World of Warcraft , you 'll love it even more with the Burning Crusade expansion . The new areas are beautiful , the battles are more challenging and I love the fact that Alliance finally has a shaman option.For me , few games compare to this one . There is always something to do , even if one is n't questing . The ONLY qualm I have about WoW , in general , is that I ca n't play with my friends on the Euro servers . Other than that , however , brilliant game , brilliant expansion . I 'll be playing this one for months to come .
 I am not being facetious when I call this game addictive . Seriously a year ago I had to quit because I played far too much ... and then this expansion came out and I was sucked in again.By far the most expansive and enjoyable gaming world available , it is possibly one of the best games ever made . But play at your own risk , because the more you play the more you want to keep playing .
 The Graphics are spectacular . I like the way there are a lot of quest and some quests you can finish in a hurry , and the hard quest are very rewarding . I am addicted to the game . But , the game stresses that to be addicted and makes it so you wo n't be with rewarding for not playing game.I loved the first version and love the expansion equally as well.I am so glad that I decided to try this game .
 Addictive game , if u wan na spend ur free time and forget about everything in real life , this is what u need to buy . It makes u addicted to it everytime u play . If u wan na play solo , wan na play in groups or just go kick someone else butt , this is the game u need .
 With thought and care , this expansion to an already great game adds unbeatable content and adventure . The original lands were well thought-out and balanced , without wierd geometry to trap a player . The game itself is largely bug-free , without cheats or hacks for the most part . The level of interaction with other players is enhanced by an easy-to-use interface , including guild management , port-to-dungeon group ability , uncountable worldwide channels available , and a fun and graphically-enhanced emote system.The Burning Crusade expansion adds to all this with terrific content for those level 55 and up . It does change the game quite a bit , as old world content for what used to be the top level -LRB- 60 -RRB- has become largely obsolete , and wo n't see much future play in all likelihood . It used to be that the best gear was available through massive raids on instances and dragons , although getting that gear was a rather slow process that would involve lengthy amounts of time spent on a time-coordinated -LRB- usually guild only -RRB- raid . Now all such gear is eclipsed by what is available in Outland , and certainly what is available to level 70 players . If one wants to still play and have fun in WoW , one will have to buy the expansion and level up!The good news is that it 's fun . Many more races and factions and abilities and powers abound for all players . The world and zones are dynamic and fun to play . Often beautiful , the zones offer numerous interesting quests in which to engage.If you liked WoW , you 'll like playing the expansion . Some players may be disgruntled at the old world level 60 content not having much relevance any longer , however . But if you can get others to join you in like mind , you can still do it !
 Burning Crusade adds another universe to an already fun and addictive game . I like to watch movies and read books durning my time off of work for some escapism . WoW : BC gives me another activity to spend with my friends leveling and destroying demons . Add Ventrilo -LRB- a VoIP client -RRB- into the mix and you can even talk with your friends while enjoying this wonderful game .
 Back when World of Warcraft came out they did n't call it Warcrack for nothing . Everything that was great in the orginal game they improved upon , and things like four hour raids and 40 man raid parties were almost completely removed so it 's easy for a casual gamer like myself to enjoy the entire game .
 You 've heard the hype and the other reviews . I just wanted to chime in and say this is the most immersive game I 've ever played.The new Lord of the Rings Online looks interesting but they shut off several million gamers by making it Windoze only . Thanks Blizzard for being `` forward thinking '' and making Warcraft for both systems !
 I was already a World of Warcraft addict . Burning Crusade only made it worse but I 'm not complaining . The new Blood Elf race is interesting and the storyline engaging . The new content is very exciting as well .
 I loaded this for my son yesterday and he was so psyched to finally get it . But we had to handshake , download and restart to get through all of the patches about 6 times before he could finally play . We just kept holding our breath hoping the next time would be trick . He was rewarded after about an hour and a half -LRB- we do have high speed adsl -RRB- . With that said it was totally worth the wait . Just be patient and the longer you wait to get it , the more patches you 'll have to get through !
 Well lots of players below have summed the expansion quite well . Since i dont have a 60 or even a level 50 yet so i dont exactly qualify for a total complete package review . However since I am playing one of the two new races offered in the game I can offer atleast a review on the opposite side of the spectrum.First i didnt suffer a single installation or gameplay issues . I bought the game on the midnight it was officially released and I was able to install the game and jump right in on one of the new player vs envoirment servers . I am playing the new blood elf race offered for the horde which brings with it the Paladin class previously only available for the Alliance faction in the game.The blood elf starting areas have almost jaw-dropping graphics associated with . It almost looks like the graphic engine was given an upgrade . The blood elf capital city of Silvermoon is perhaps the best looking city in the entire game even surpassing even the former champion Stormwind -LRB- the capital city of the human race -RRB- in terms of scope and architecture . The quests are abundant , well-layed out and actually follows a story-line for anyone in intrested in reading the texts of the quests . Otherwise its still the same kill 20 things there or go deliver this to someone . However , even this mundane almost universal mmo questline is again made ` fun ' by the casual and the patented fun gameplay associated with this Blizzard World of warcraft mmo . You will never feel bored or get a feeling of grinding -LRB- reptition -RRB- with these quests.After grinding the first ten levels in the colorful , pretty and scenic starting areas you will be moved into the new lvl 10-20 areas for the blood elf caled Ghostlands . The scenery changes almost to a brooding , dark , errie and sometimes even scary landscape . Feels right in place to showcase devastation the scourge assault bought to the high evles now called the blood elfs within the lore of this game . They are again abundant quests here to take you all the way to lvl 21 or even 22 if you prefer to grind.I have heard the same good stuff about the new Alliance race called Draenei which gives alliance access to the powerful Shaman class previously only avialable to the Horde faction . The Draenei also have orginal new areas as well their own hugely magnificent capital city called Exodar . You can expierience new content all the way to lvl 20 here.From there on the lvl 20-58 gameplay reverts back to the orginal world of warcraft gameplay . To me its all worth it as i always was a fan of the horde faction at the same time my favourite class Paladin was locked out for me . Now with the new race Blood elf i can expierience Paladin without having to change factions . I hope the same will go for people playing the Shaman class for the first time with the alliance faction.Burning crusade brings a host of new pvp content also but mostly for people in lvl 60 + located in the new continent called Outland . They have new world pvp in form of capturable spawn points or areas which gives powerful buffs to the wining faction . The other new world pvp content is the capture and hold of a real time city . One of the fun pvp aspect is being able to do aerial bombarding runs on the city defenses among the regular frontal assualt strategy . Last but not least is a new instanced Battleground called Eye of the Storm that have been introduced . Its combination of capture the flag and capture the hill scenarios.So all in all two-thumbs way up for Blizz . They have come up with a worthy expansion to the world 's leading mmo out there . I still predict that World of warcraft along with the expansion Burning Crusade will be the reigning champion in the world of mmo for many more years to come .
 I enjoyed this expansion , and if you want to check out the later ones , you have to have this one . The trip to the Outlands feels a little bit tangential to Azeroth itself , but it 's a fun component to a fun series . I only give it four stars in relation to the other expansions and the original game , but that is n't a criticism of this expansion ; it is still very good .
 i checked every MMO in the industry and none has been as good to me as World of Warcraft has been . Cant find a game with a more solid story line , the new stuff we see every few months and the way blizzard interacts with us , the players , on how to better up the overall expirience of the game .
 OK - look , noboby is going to read this . WOW is wildly popular and deservingly so . There are millions of write ups , reviews , walk throughs , and younameits all over the web . I just ca n't review this product.Consumer - only buy this game if you want to waste your life away .
 I bought the original game almost three years ago . I 'm still here rocking on and killing horde . Want to waste hours of your life away ? Buy this game!Want to get out some aggression , then definitely buy this game !!
 You own World of Warcraft ? Then what else needs to be said ? Get this expansion ! If only for the additional game features , this has a nice storyline to add to the original . MMORPG heaven !
 The release of this expansion has made the game so much better . Lvl 70 , Flying Mounts , Outland , Blood Elves and Dranei . Gold in Outland is soo easy to get . Overall a must-buy !
 My son loves this game . Other than having a difficult time getting my son off the computer , I also do n't like that they can get drunk on holidays . I compromise with the violence because it is n't real but I do n't think children need to pretend like their men are drinking and getting drunk on New Years Eve . I do n't want my child to think getting drunk is `` cool '' . The game is rated T for teen . My 13 year old is not allowed to drink !
 I have been playing this game since the original came out . The expansion continues a long line of successful products from these people .
 if your new to this game and have never played it befor then this would be good for u if you would want one of the 2 new races but if youve been playing this game for a cupple of months and dont a have a levle 60 or sevendy or somthing around that u shouldnt get it until then i got it and the only help it gave me is let me go to out land because i already had 43 main :P any way if your just starting this is good and if youve ben playing fo a wile its goood to and make sure you have the original its dosent work without it well i hope you enjoy this game
 This expansion pack introduces the new continent of Outland . This continent can only be accessed with a character that is at least level 58 . If you 're either just starting to play World of Warcraft , or you have no characters even close to level 58 , you may just want to wait to buy the expansion at a later time.However , the expansion also grants you access to two new races , the Draenei -LRB- Alliance -RRB- and the Blood Elves -LRB- Horde -RRB- . You wo n't be able to create characters of either of these races if you do n't have the expansion . So , if you want to play one of them you 'll need to get it . If you 're a new player who 's just trying out the game , I 'd suggest just getting the basic version and playing one of the original races , rather than spending the extra $ 40 before you even know whether you like the game.You should also be warned that if you 're upgrading from the original version of the game , even if your copy is already fully patched , you 'll have to install the patches again after installing Burning Crusade . This is because they printed the CDs with version 2.0 of the client you use to play the game , but they 've issued patches after that which you need to log into the server -LRB- up to version 2.05 as of this writing -RRB- . If you look in the Patches sub-folder of your World of Warcraft folder on your computer , you should already have some of the patches present and be able to simply double click them to install . If you were to try to log in before doing that , you 'll have to redownload the patch before it installs instead , which will naturally take more time.Some people have complained about lag , crashes , and lines to log into the more popular servers . These are all short term problems . A lot of people are very excited about the expansion , and so there are far more players than usual logged in at once , which is straining the servers . Give it a week or two after release and it should begin to settle down.For the basic version of WoW , the level cap is 60 . If you install the expansion , the cap is increased to 70 . If you have a level 60 character and want to continue to advance , you MUST upgrade your account with the expansion pack.Additional level brackets for the Battlegrounds -LRB- Player vs Player areas -RRB- have been added to accomodate the new higher levels in the game . Also , a new battleground called Eye of the Storm has been made available for characters of level 61 and above . Additionally , around the zones of the new Outland continent , there are PvP tasks you can perform such as taking over control of towers , with the faction that controls all of the towers in a zone gaining a small bonus such as a 5 % increase to damage anywhere in that zone.They 've also added a number of new instances/dungeons . The new ones have two settings , allowing you to go through them at either ` normal ' difficulty , or ` heroic ' difficulty . The heroic setting makes the enemies tougher , and provides increased treasure rewards . This keeps the instances useful for advancement over a larger span of levels than would normally be the case.Most players will find that , as they do quests in Outland , they quickly begin to get armor that 's superior to what they 've previously been using . The monetary rewards in the new areas are also increased . Additionally , professions have been expanded to cover the additional levels in the game and tailoring has been expanded to include specialties similar to the way blacksmithing and leatherworking work.Flying mounts are available on the continent of Outland for those who purchase them . However , these are not available to be used in the two original continents . This is because those areas were designed with the intention that they would only be accessed from the ground and a lot of work would have been required to make all of the quests and visuals work as intended if characters were permitted to fly around freely.Be cautious about buying this item used . Each copy of the expansion includes a key code that is required to upgrade your account to allow access to the new content . If you buy a used copy of the software where the seller has already used that key to upgrade his account , you 'll still be able to install the software upgrade , but the lack of an unused key will mean that you wo n't be able to apply the upgrade to your account that 's required to actually access the new content.If you install the expansion on a computer where more than one account is used -LRB- for example , if you and your spouse each has your own account -RRB- then you can only use the key to upgrade one of those accounts . The other account will continue to work , but it will not be given access to the expansion pack content . Therefore , you need to obtain one expansion pack for each account you or your household has if you want to access the new content on all of them.Edit
 ABOUT ME
 For those of you who are wondering if you should buy the BC expansion and how it is faring on the live servers , let me put your mind at ease . The servers are up , the game is wonderful , and the new content puts the original content of WoW to shame . This is an expansion that Blizzard should stand up and be proud of!Contrary to other players experiences , I played the expansion for about 10 hours of the first day of its official live release -LRB- not the beta -RRB- , and it is not buggy . The lag in the Outland can be a bit much at times , but then again when every level 60 on your server is in one zone trying to do quests , what do you expect ? The mobs are constantly respawning at a rate so fast that once you kill the mob a respwan happens almost instantly -LRB- due to the frequency of kills in the zone -RRB- . I have seen only one `` evade '' mob bugging out , and been disconnected twice in 10 hours , each time for less than a minute . With the score and breadth of the expansion , these are small problems that will not hamper your gameplay in the least -LRB- unless you are a Mr. Grumpy-Pants -RRB- . The bottom line
 World of Warcraft -LRB- WoW -RRB- expansion pack technical aspects have been covered in previous reviews . This is a synopsis : You must have WoW -LRB- the pre expansion game -RRB- installed before installing the WoW expansion pack . The expansion pack consists of four CD disks with your CD key on the first disk . Install the disks and enter your CD key -LRB- installation will prompt you for your key -RRB- . Gave the expansion pack five stars , so we 'll cover its negatives first ... 1 -RRB- There were a large number of level 60s when the expansion pack was released on January 16th 2007 . Immediately after release , Outland starting areas like Hellfire Peninsula and Zangarmarsh were packed with level 60s all competing aggressively for the same quests . Players were compelled to group , not because quest mobs were difficult , but because so many players were trying to kill them .2 -RRB- Maps need more visual detail . For example , after you discover the zeppelin crash in the Hellfire Peninsula , its name does n't appear on the map . You must mouse over it too see it .3 -RRB- Expansion pack quests are annoyingly vague . Strongly recommend Thottbot and Allakhazam for clarifications . Either that or your toon will be killing a lot of unnecessary mobs and doing a lot of unnecessary dying.Now some of its many positives ... Visually and musically the expansion pack is outstanding ! Zones have a strong Myst influence , i.e. Teledahn inspired Zangarmarsh . That 's an excellent influence . After entering each new zone , your initial reaction will be an invariable , `` Oh , wow ! `` Expansion game play is precisely the same as pre expansion game play . WoW has the best game play in the MMORPG genre . Game play is intuitive ; you do n't need to read the game manual to begin playing.There 's an abundance of challenging quests . Blizzard has increased quest log size from 20 to 25 quests -LRB- It should be increased more , say 75 quests -RRB- . The vast majority of quests do not require grouping . If you wish , you can easily solo your way to level 70 . Do n't want to give away any spoilers , but here 's a hint : Get to Shattrath City -LRB- Terokkar Forest -RRB- ASAP . You 'll find its banks and portals useful . Moreover , Shattrath City is yet another example of , `` Oh , wow ! ''
 So I went to the game store and waited in line to get my pre-order at release . Got home , installed it in about 45minutes or so with the updates , which was nice.Lag was n't bad on my server -LRB- Malygos -RRB- and had fun getting a few levels on a new Blood Elf paladin . Until the next day ... tried to take my lvl 60 into Outlands ... Questing was painful with all the lag , then the various world servers kept crashing , no mobs ... or insanely fast respawns . No NPC 's for quests , etc. . I played the beta a bit and release was much improved over it , however I think that this kind of performance should be expected for the first days/weeks after release.Overall the new content seems to be interesting and the quest reward items seem to be significantly better than what you could get raiding the 40 man instances , which is very depressing for those of us who spent MONTHS raiding to get the ` epic ' gear just to have it replaced with green quest rewards in one day.If you are addicted to World of Warcraft , I am sure you will become just as addicted to Burning Crusade . : -RRB-
 I have fun playing this , but found the original more captivating . I was disappointed with the size of the new world , felt it was too small and was easy to explore very quickly . As for the new raid content , I consider it to be too complicated and elaborate in the extremely long chain of events that you have to accomplish just to move into each new raid dungeon . I also do n't like the fact that you have to grind forever in the various 5 mans to get rep to unlock heroic mode to be able to get keys to various higher level raid dungeons . Grinding is the most boring thing in the world to me and this game has way too much of it . Overall , enjoyed a lot of the new world content but the elaborate raid system eventually drove me out of the game due to boredom .
 Well , it took 2 years for the first expansion of World of Warcraft to be released . The game promises only 10 new levels to existing players , which means anywhere from about a week to a month of play -LRB- depending on play time -RRB- . After that you 're capped at 70 again and busy yourself with new content while you wait for another expansion . So why the hype , why is this game so great ? It 's quite simple -- the new content is amazing . The Outland is a great new place to quest , the zones are huge , and , unlike parts of the original game , it is easy to level all the way from 60 to 70 just by doing quests alone.Leveling is much more fun this time around -LRB- that 's not to say it was n't fun before , but it 's moreso now -RRB- and the new world is so much different from the old that it 's difficult to imagine feeling that its `` more of the same . '' One of the best parts of the expansion , though , and one not to be missed , is the addition of two new races , Dranei and Blood Elves , and the storyline that accompanies the respective races . The new starting areas are remarkably well done and the plotline fantastic . Even if you 're a veteran player of WoW , do n't pass up the opportunity to explore the new zones .
 If you -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- play WoW , this expansion is now a requirement for any respectable player . It 's the only way to get to level 70 , the only way to get a lot of items and other such garbage.However , if you 're just starting out and you do n't want to play one of the new races , there 's no reason to get this game until you 're ready to advance to the new lands . : -RRB-
 World of Warcraft is a marvelous game . Blizzard managed to pretty much get it all right , both in the gameplay and the gradual adding of content via patches over the two years since the game was released . Now , they 're delivering a payload that 's far more than what a mere patch can do ; while the patches often clocked in at ~ 500mb , this contains 4 CDs of content to install . Clearly , this is not just a new instance and some additional armor.This is a whole new world , among other things.With the Burning Crusade , Blizzard has increased the level cap to 70 , added two new playable races , and given players an entire new continent -LRB- Outland -RRB- to play in . Not to mention the addition of new dungeons and quests in the existing world . There 's a lot of new things to do , and it helps breathe more life into a game that was still -LRB- arguably -RRB- fresh.The new content is excellent . Outland takes advantage of the face that newer technology has been released since 2004 , and as such computers can handle higher-quality graphics , allowing the designers to make the textures and such in Outland look stunning . The world of Outland offers some good World PvP action in addition to quests/instances . And flying mounts ! Oh , the flying mounts . I do n't think much more needs to be said about those ; you hear those two words and you want one.As for the two new races , the Blood Elves bring the paladin class to the Horde faction for the first time , with ups and downs -LRB- most notably the surge in Horde population on almost all servers , especially new ones -RRB- . The Dranei bring the Shaman class to the Alliance , with somewhat less fanfare than the Blood Elves . Both of them have new starting areas , and they look superb . One might considering rolling a new character just to see these new lands.All in all , The Burning Crusade is a highly-worthy addition to an already top-notch game . Blizzard 's reputation for quality is only strengthened by this , and while other MMORPGs have followed the trend of constant , small expansions , Blizzard 's decision to take time to make this expansion truly expansive has paid off .
 Well it took me a whole three weeks to get to level 70 . Along the way , my mage raided orc camps in Hellfire Peninsula , thwarted the naga 's plans to drain the lakes of Zangarmarsh , and hunted exotic beasties in the sweeping plains of Nagrand . To play World of Warcraft without this expansion should be a crime.The new races are interesting , and their zones have some of the coolest low level quests I 've ever seen . Outlands and everything in it are the best questing experiences the game has to offer past level 60 . Quest rewards are better than Blackwing Lair epics , and the higher level dungeon loot even outshines Naxxramas.And all this without mentioning ten more levels you 'll never be able to gain without the expansion , and new class abilities to go with them . If you play World of Warcraft and do n't have Burning Crusade , you 're missing out on the second coming of the best MMORPG ever made .
 I consider myself a casual gamer . I swore off ever trying an MMO for a long time - and have bounced from MMO to MMO sort of trying out what each has to offer . WoW is the game that I 've found myself coming back to more than once.Having lost my original account due to a hack , followed by a subsequent banning by Blizzard because of the actions of another player - it was with a certain amount of trepidation that I decided to put my fate back into range of the itchy trigger finger of Blizzard.I spent nearly $ 100 on launch day for a new copy of WoW , the Burning Crusade , and a time card . I have had so much fun , for so much time over the past couple of weeks with the game that I do not have any regrets over my purchase.I created a Blood Elf , one of the new races added with the expansion . The back story of the ` pretty ' Horde race is captivating and adds a lot of depth to what at first glance seems like a simplistic game.True enough , the game is very simple . I find myself enjoying a formula that `` just works '' however , because Blizzard seems to have balanced a multitude of systems , story , quests , etc. and if it took the old K.I.S.S. principle to do so , so be it.The new starting area for the Blood Elves is gorgeous , and the quests in the first couple of starting areas around Silvermoon will take you nearly to 19 or 20 before you have to set off for the Barrens/Stonetalon/and the areas you are probably used to.As always , even if I am doing a random quest in the middle of nowhere , it is almost assured that I will come across more players on the same quest that I can group with if the difficulty is too high.These quests and activities you perform are not `` Oblivion '' deep , but they are sufficiently compelling to keep you interested in what happens as a result of your quests , or starting another quest in the middle of another that causes you to have to improvise and deviate from your plan prior to heading in.So the breakdown is - if you 've never played WoW , I can still recommend the original game and this expansion -LRB- $ 60 combined -RRB- for players . If $ 40 is too much for the additional content in music , areas , races , professions , levels , resources , items , etc. then I feel like you will be missing out on a larger part of the overall game that the Burning Crusade has added for players.Does it add enough content to justify the price ? Yes - I can say that this expansion does . I can not speak for future expansions , but if Blizzard puts the same time and effort into the small details as they did in this expansion - WoW will be a destination many of us will take for some time to come .
 This expansion is fantastic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ca n't wait for the new expansion
 Up front , this is n't a review on the actual game play . It 's more of a tip for those who are looking into World of Warcraft and are wondering if they should invest in the expansion early.I was told that unless you wanted to play one of the new races , that the expansion was n't worth buying until you were getting close to level 60 . Granted most of the material that comes with the expansion is level 58 + , I found that it 's worth having at the lower levels , even though I have n't tried EITHER of the new races , and do n't have any high level characters yet . Basically , I bound my hearth to Shattrath , which has portals to all 4 main cities within your faction . There 's also an enchanting trainer in Shattrath , so players wo n't find it necessary to travel to Uldaman just for training . Just these two things alone made the expansion worth buying !
 Lots of additional content for the World of Warcraft . The Ghostlands is now my favorite 10-20 zone in the game . The Outlands is fun to explore , there is nothing more fun then your first time there on your first quest , you feel the ground shaking and get stomped into the ground by a level 70 Elite Fel Reaver . Coolest game ever .
 The title pretty much sums it up . It is a must have for those that will keep on playing WoW . Access to the best area in the game -LRB- Outlands -RRB- a new system to instances -LRB- Shorter with less encounters -RRB- and a whole bunch of new things .
 I did n't think I would enjoy this style of game , but I was surprised how cool this game is . If you have n't played this type of game before , it 's worth trying in my opinion .
 Burning Crusade does n't really make the quality of World of Warcraft any better , but then again it does n't need to . It simply adds more content -LRB- two new races , new profession , new zones and quests , and a whole new continent -RRB- to the game . I 've thoroughly enjoyed it , and would not mention World of Warcraft without telling someone to get the expansion as well . It is simply great .
 The title says it all
 I purchased this game for my son . The folks at customer support warned me that they hear about kids getting hooked on the game and spending too much time on it . I can see how that can be true . My son had tried a number of on-line computer and other platform games . This one seems to be one of the best with the most value for the money -LRB- other than ones that do not have a subscription -RRB- . Again , do be careful , I have seen kids and some parents getting hooked on playing this game .
 This was bought for the specific purpose of expanding the World of Warcraft that I was playing on th eUS server . I was already enjoying WoW , This just made it more fun , more challenging and more rewarding
 This expansion adds little in the way of improved graphics , but adds zones past level 60 . The zones are a lot of fun to play in , but anyone who wants to play World of Warcraft and the expansion should be prepared that , if played the way Blizzard intends , it is fairly time consuming . However , I like this game so much that I rarely play my other games anymore . Excellent gameplay , excellent UI , and good graphics .
 My husband has been playing this game for a while and he finally talked me inro trying it out and now I 'm HOOKED ! Ca n't get enough . Great detail in every aspect . The people at Blizzard have always provided great games but with World of Warcraft and World of Warcraft Expansion
 I 've played wow since it came out . If you want to know about the game then yes The Burning Crusade is an awesome expansion.The only problem is that it never ends , Blizzard did an awesome job making a game that is fun to play . The problem is there is never enough . There is always better gear , as well as alternate characters to grind . It 's fun to play with friends but its highly addictive , this sounds weird but I highly suggest avoiding this . Pick up a hobby instead .
 got this for the grand kids . they love it and the stepfather will not let them play cause hes playing it on the computer .
 What is there to say?If you loved the first installment of World Of Warcraft , you will be amazed at the level of detail thats gone into this expansion!All your friends have it , what are you waiting for?Jack .
 For those who decide to blast this because of the problems during the first day take into account that the launch could have been a lot worse-and instead of waiting on 2 patches it could have been one huge patch like some other games I have seen in the past . Yes there were problems with the launching of burning crusade while I was installing the game I was thinking worse case that I would not be able to get access for a day or two later , yes I was kicked out of the game a few times Tuesday and yes the downloading the patch took over an hour thats why I gave this a 4 instead of 5 . However other people were down loading that they may have closed the server for being slow.On the merits of the expansion pack itself . From what I saw even for the casual player like me who has maybe up to 2 hours during a weekday I was totally impressed on what I saw . My first item from a quest , wasnt anything real sexy , but it was a big improvement from what I had over doing the instances on the mainland . As for scraping around for money , the quests here have bigger payouts.The only real and major knock on this game then it can be said of any MMO some people i ran into lately have taken this game way to seriously and instead of being something to relax its become more like work . as of next week checking out age of conan and hopefully can get rid of these current headaches .
 I love Blizard , I think they make great products , all of them have extremely well designed game play , most can be replayed over and over just because they 're made in such detail & with such skill . So when Blizzard came out with WoW I played it like may others , and it was without a doubt the best designed MMO to date . Problems started arising once everyone had hit the level cap & dungeon caps . They release new content in patches and now with the Burning Crusade.TBC added a whole new world to explore and the game play truly resembled that which you had experienced with initial release of WoW . This time , they seemed a bit more prepared and had alot of endgame content ready and available so that only a very small and select group of people plowed through all the content . Even now months after it 's release , only very few guilds have managed to complete the most difficult dungeons . And a new one has already been announced . So there 's plenty of content , and the Blizzard team seems to be keeping pace , releasing new content before it 's needed by the bulk of the player base.The problem with WoW arises with terrible support and absolutely no interaction with the designers or anything . The only Blizzard employees you deal with are the CMs -LRB- if they actually bother reading your post -RRB- . Or the GMs whom for the most part are just watchdogs and have very little to do with what happens in game . I feel that just a tiny bit of interaction between the designers and the player base should be implemented into this MMO , it would give the customers some idea that their opinions matter , that they 're not just trying to squeeze you out of 15 bucks a month.The other small issue that exists in WoW is the epic grind of reputation . You need reputation with soo many factions in order to get keyed to dungeons , you need reputation for items & upgrades in tradeskills that for a new player or a player that just does n't have a whole lot of time to devote to the game it might seem like an unreachable goal . It 's all doable , nothing in WoW is hard.Anyone can really play it and the only thing you need in the game to be the best is pure dedication . Sadly not everyone has that much time to put into a game =-RRB- , then starts the `` hardcore '' vs `` casual '' debate that has been raging since the game was first released . The basic idea behind it is that casuals want good items , they just do n't want to invest half their spare time getting the items . The hardcore people think that the nicer items are only for them simply because they put the time in and the hardest dungeons and whatnot take a lot of time & coordination to complete , this making them feel that casuals do n't `` deserve '' these good items . But I 'm rambling.In conclusion
 Great game , but I ca n't believe I can say anything that 40,000 other reviewers and websites have n't said . The end content is great , the two beginning races are well organized and fun , and it 's just nice to have something to do with a maxed out character . If you 're in the middle of the pack and not looking to roll a new character , you can wait until you 're in your fifties . But all in all I really enjoy it .
 First , I would like to say that Blizzard did an amazing technical job . After having played MMO 's for around 7 years , I got used to horrible , laggy connections that would drop for no reason , regardless of where my character was located in the virtual world . In one very popular MMORPG , the world server would experience problems for weeks after a major expansion release.However , I was disappointed with some aspects of the game . Namely , the decision to include the Paladin on the Horde side and the Shaman on the Alliance . I have been a fan of the Warcraft universe since it began so many years ago . I own everything except the World of Warcraft board game that is connected to that franchise ; so , it was a major disappointment for me , and many other loyal fans , to see Blizzard forgo their own lore and fabricated history to , seemingly , pander to the marketing department . Even the Blood Elf Paladin quest givers refer to themselves as `` Blood Knights . `` The expansion is amazing , in itself . It gives an already deep world more content . The Outland is amazing in color , graphics and content . The one thing that I could not believe Blizzard implemented was the insane level of gear available as completely low level -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- drops on common monsters . This gear completely invalidated High Warlord gear for which people had slaved away weeks and weeks of their lives . Another MMORPG had tried this and found that it really limited the games future growth potential . Given the trend , Blizzard 's customers are going to operate under the assumption that has been built before.I would rate this game , including this expansion , 5 stars if there were more choices to differentiate myself from the 1 million other Tauren , Dwarf , Gnome , Night Elf or Human out there . As it is , Blizzard has created a phenomenon in the gaming industry which is reflected in their subscription base .
 This retail copy of Burning Crusade expansion pack is not necessary . I found out the hard way . After several failed attempts to install from the CDs -LRB- which took hours on my computer -RRB- it turned out this version is not compatible with the game environment already loaded in my system . I ended up simply entering the product key from the CDs on the Blizzard web site and downloaded from there . I was up and running in less than half an hour . The purchase price from the site was the same as I paid for the hard copy . Unless you just like to collect the full set as you go , there is no need to buy a retail copy except if you find it cheaper that way .
 I got the game but soon found out it gave no further time on my WOW account , which i had expected it to do , and therefore i could not play it until i had purchased time online . Otherwise , this game is great with tons of fun and diversity to be had . Never is there nothing to do !
 This is a great expansion for the World of Warcraft . I really like the game and it 's fun for playing with friends .
 Another expansion of the best game in the MMO genre . WOW never get old and it is patched with new content monthly . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!
 It did come out in what ? 2008 and it was well worth the money then , and still is now . Must have for all noobs who 've just join the amazing world of
 I really love amazon.com but walmart had same game for same price and it 's two minutes from my house and i needed the game that day couldnt wait but am ordering cat ... off here so much cheaper
 this is by-far the best video game I have ever played.I know have the WOTLK -LRB- wrath of the linch king -RRB- i have been playing it for about 4 months . and i have a level 80 death knight Blood elf.I recommed this game to EVERYONE !
 My Local WM store was sold out of this Product , so I had to buy it online , sad to say i had to pay an extra 5 bucks , and by the time I installed it , it arrived at WM. Best place to get it if you want it quick though .
 I am a newer user to WoW but found I like the original areas of Kalimador and the Eastern Kingdom over the Outlands . Then again my preference is for more realistic medival play vs. outerspace type play . I love playing the bloodelf and the flying abilities added . Being a 20 year old who only played mario brothers every christmas growing up I found I LOVE the World of Warcraft games
 I bought the original World of Warcraft right before this expansion came out and was amazed to see it was more that I had thought so I bought this expansion and it did not disappoint either . Great game and really fun too ! I now have Wrath of the Lich King and have pre-ordered Cataclysm . Thank you !
 Brought this for my daughter and her BF . They both enjoy WoW a lot ! If the screen was the size of my TV I would enjoy playing this also -LRB- reading the small print on the monitor equals ca n't see what needs to be done-the details to move the game play along -RRB- . I can make out and watch the characters they develop , clearing out dungeons and completing quests -LRB- I ask -RRB- not forgetting PvP mode -LRB- player versus player mode -RRB- . You can only level up to 70 in this second part of WoW . Need the Lich King to continue on to the 80th level . it 's a very good game .
 Before I get into the meat of this review let me explain the title . Early on , after getting the game me and my brother began playing the game as Draeni . We were excited about the new race mainly because they spoke with a Russian accent . After a half hour or so of playing our blue skinned giants my bro commented that they ran like they had a stick up their butt . I can only assume that means they run with a very erect carriage , in other words very stiff . We stopped playing the Draeni and have not picked them up since.The main addition in this game is the introduction of the outland and the raising of the level cap to level 70 . The outland is a pretty interesting place with different types of terrain . Marshes , plains , desolate burning steepes like plateaus and forests abound . The only thing missing is a snowy realm . -LRB- Though I 'm sure if you want snow you 'll get plenty in the next expansion -RRB- With the new levels come an increase in gear . The green or common items -LRB- technically uncommon if you read the manual -RRB- are often better than the epic gear you got before the expansion . Not the high end stuff but the more easy to get epics -LRB- not that any epics are easy to get but some are easier . -RRB- Even though the gear is good you may have reservations about dropping your hard earned epics for random greens that look like crap . I have a dwarf warrior that I started early on and got to 60 . He is still at 60 because I do n't feel like replacing his pvp gear so I rolled an orc warlock for the expansion and now he is 70 and saddled with his own set of 70 pvp epics -LRB- ` welfare epics ' is a slang term for these reasonably easy to obtain items -RRB- will I roll another new character for the next expansion ? Maybe but who knows?The second addition is the two new races . As I eluded to earlier these are the Draeni and the blood elves . The Draeni , aside from their uncomfortable looking movement , seem the more hastily slapped together of the two races . They have a weird backstory involving spaceships and demonic corruption . The blood elves , on the other hand , are the more well known race . They were an integral part of the early warcraft games -LRB- as the high elves -RRB- so they are more familiar -LRB- if generic -RRB- to gamers . I personally think that the inclusion of the blood elves has shifted the balance of power towards the horde side . When I journey in the wild I seem to see a lot more horde about but that 's just my opinion . Things obviously vary from server to server but no one can deny that the inclusion of the blood elves has boosted the horde population . The people like those pretty , pretty elves . The butt ugly horde have a new poster boy.With the new world to explore there are also some new dungeons . Though I have not explored the harder more epic dungeons I am aware that there are no longer any 40 man epic dungeons . The cap is set at 25 which is a more realistic crew to assemble . I do n't have a whole lot to say about that topic.Anyway , this game is a great addition to the series . I ca n't wait for the next expansion . Too bad there are n't any plans for new races . I have a hankering for some ogre action . `` Arrgh!Me smash -LRB- fill in character race -RRB- !
 Well , that 's indeed the expansion for the best game ever ... But it makes the game even better , increasing possibilities and adding new quest , regions , professions and so on ... It 's a `` must have '' if you like intelligent computers games ... Go on , buy it , what are you waiting ... ?
 Fun to casually -LRB- or hardcore if you 're the type -RRB- play . The new expansion adds content , while primarily at the high levels , is still felt throughout the game .
 Excellent game . I 've played it since it 's begining ... and I can tell you will have a truly wonderful ingame experience ! This patch brings new features to the initial game and makes it even more fun to play .
 Graphics are terrific , the combination of PvP or RP is superb , the many quests make for diversity , and the economics -LRB- buy / sell at the auction house -RRB- underlying the game make it one of the best computer games on the market . The new expansion provides new lands , new crafts , new races and quests , and some added degree of difficulty to level up to 70 .
 ... i 'm not disappointed ! Blizzard delivers a polished game with alot of exciting new things to do in Outland and Azeroth.The new continent is fun to explore and levelling your 60s up to 70 is assisted by the enormous amount of quests available.I did n't try any raid content yet but i have to say i 'm disappointed by the new instances , with the exception of mana tombs maybe . They are dull and the boss fights are hardly challenging.On the other hand in Azeroth the Caverns of Time are amazing and for PvP junkies the Arena is great.To sum things up , do n't miss out on this one if you liked WoW
 Burning Crusade is one of the best expansions released for a MMORPG . Most new expansions for a online game are at times falling short on new content , but this expansion does not let you down at all.It presents two new races the Blood Elves , and the Dranei ; These races have their benefits when compared to what they make up for on either the Alliance side , or the Horde.The expansion also introduces an amazing story-arc to the game 's already dynamic history .
 The expansion adds a huge amount of new content to an already excellent game . There is so much to do in this game it 's hard to get bored unless you rush thru everything . The content is fantastic and the experience is like no other . The new races are unique but fit into the world easily . World of Warcraft is still one of the best and defenitely the most addictive and long lasting games on the market today . Its ability to appeal to a wide audience is unsurpassed and the expansion only makes it more so . This expansion is any WoW players must have !
 Definitely needed for those addicted to WOW . Higher levels and much better gear . Storyline is above average , with many new quests to continue storyline . New races do not add that much to game but are a nice touch .
 World of Warcraft was the first expansion of the ` WoW ' series and it was a great game when it first release . For and expansion game it dragged on a while . It took too long for WotlK to be release and was tiresome to play . At this time PvP was the best this game ever was . PvE took too much time and effort .
 nice , exelelente produc and amanzing game its the game of the word and the better game on my live player
 If you are going to play WoW , you have to have this expansion . I would highly suggest you get it at the same time you get the original WoW game . The BC expansion allows two more races , and allows your high level character even higher . Flying mounts , outland , etc. . . MUST have . NOT getting this is like buying a Tennis racket with no strings.I 'd also suggest getting the BC Strategy guide , it gives a terrific walkthrough for the two new races .
 Want a BE -LRB- Blood Elf -RRB- in the Horde , get the expansion.Cannot say anything about Alliance side , but why miss any of the action?Now we wait on the Lich King , and for Blizzard to fix their patches . Patch 2.2.2 and hoping the glitches go away soon , but voice chat is nice .
 Blizzard is the top of the line in my opinion on games . This game is no exception . Anyone that has purchased this game already has the original WOW so I am sure they already know how addictive it is.My only complaint is that we have been unable to play the Draenei character . For some reason the computer keeps freezing up in with that character . I am not saying this is a Blizzard problem . I am not sure what the problem is . It could be my internet connection.Regardless , this game is still the best out there .
 This is ultimately the best game you will ever play ~ hands down !!!! It 's so much fun and addicting !!!! But , if you 're getting the expansion , then you probably know that already . I made a new blood elf warlock with this expansion . I do mining and jewelcrafting , and it actually is a great profession to have . It 's very profitable . The blood elves are absolutely gorgeous , and when you jump , they do this little spin thing . :-RRB- I highly recommend !
 This is one really great game for anyone who has played the original World of Warcraft and loved it like me then you have got to get this !
 The launch of BC was pretty crazy . I got it at 7 pm , couldnt play till 1 am , the patches took forever , people 's cd 's werent working , the forums were filled with people threatening blizzard , it was chaos . But once i got on , no chaos , my server has been fine , pretty smooth , not much difference for lower levels , besides jewelcrafting and buttloads of new items . The mats for jewelcrafting before bc cost maybe 10 silver each , now people charge up to 10 gold , its insane , the prices were jacked up for jewelcrafting , so i 'll wait to do that . First few days i played , the cities were so empty , tb , org , undercity , hardly anyone there , everyone was on their blood elves and draeni dudes , so it was hard to find parties for a little bit . I have a lvl 36 shammy , i was disappointed to see lvl 50 blood elves 3 days after release , i worked hard and long for 36 , and people are to 50 and 60 with 3 or 5 days , its insane , bc may have delayed peoples social lives , which would be the only con.WOW is so great and addictive , play , play .
 what more can i say the game WOW finally has an expansion out making WOW that much more awesome .
 Welcome to Warcraft 4
 No problems on a 2 week old server . Only died twice .
 PEOPLE IF U THINK THAT PEOPLE THAT PLAY THIS GAME R NERDS U R WRONG ! BC introduces a who ; e new alinment to wow . with the lvl cap riased to 70 all wow players no that this will not be the last inraisement in lvl . with 2 new totaly cool !!! new character !!! - and now the horde have pallys !!! - and the alliance have shaman !!! it is evern better than ever ! i am looking foward to the next one _ r n't u ?
 I 've held off review of this item until I actually had a chance to really get into the features offered by the expansion beyond just initial impressions . What I came away with is that The Burning Crusade delivers more of what the original World of Warcraft game offered , but that the new offerings are much the same as what was available before . In other words , you can continue to advance now beyond the level cap of 60 -LRB- and the skill caps of 300 -RRB- but that the new advancements do n't really offer anything that redefines the game . If the design was to merely open up `` more '' then Blizzard delivered a well done , if pricey -LRB- you are paying the price of a full game here -RRB- , continuation . If you were looking to be wow 'd the way we were when first visited by World of Warcraft , I do n't think this expansion delivers that . Continuing a good thing is fine , but paying the price of a full game to just unlock 10 more levels of advancement that is much the same as before is n't a great value . If you were not a big World of Warcraft fan you will likely enjoy putting that money into discovering a new MMO entirely as you wo n't see anything really new or inventive here.As stated , The Burning Crusade moves the level cap from 60 to 70 , allowing you 10 more talent points to spend on increasing the strengths of your character and investing in talents that were recently made available.In addition , the game offers two new races -LRB- Drenai and Blood Elf -RRB- with thier unique starting areas and character models . The models and areas are not exactly new , you 've seen them here and there before in one form or another . But still , new-ish models and color schemes and a new layout of the scenery models to explore . Quests remain much the same as they ever were , with nothing about them standing out.Also introduced was an additional trade skill , Jewelcrafting . I was n't a big fan of the Trade Skills in the basic game because the items you could make were not of any better quality than what you could loot -LRB- oftentimes lesser quality -RRB- and required a lot of effort in acquiring mats for when you could just buy the items readily available equivalent . There were a few high-end crafting items that were very nice to have , but very difficult to get to the point of making . Overall , the Trade Skills were a waste of money as you were better off financially to just harvest materials and sell them for immediate cash and then buy the items you want . Jewelcrafting has some early items that are actually useful as low level rings and such are often difficult to find . Hopefully it is a profession that will actually remain useful throughout.The Burning Crusade features a new world to explore and conquer called Outland . The visuals that comprise the new models and new area look right in place and familiar - because really , you have seen the same models before for most things . Do n't get me wrong , the new races and areas look as good as anything you will see in World of Warcraft , but they do n't feel entirely different or new.The new expansion does n't require computer upgrades as the graphical quality has n't really changed much and things are rendered much the same as before . By today 's standards the graphics of World of Warcraft , while vibrant , are aging , but friendly to a large group of computers so you wo n't have to worry about performance demands . If you could already play the game well , you will be fine with the expansion.I still give the game an enjoyment factor of 4 out of 5 . It has a lot of things that I do n't like but it offers a lot of enjoyment as well and is a great time sink . The Burning Crusade rekindles my interest in the game but I think that interest will sadly be short-lived . Having already grown tired of World of Warcraft 's basic gameplay and mechanics , I do n't think it will take long to feel like I 've experienced all the `` new '' stuff .
 There is no need to purchase this expansion set . Blizzard has already built this module into the full basic online game . Of course , you wo n't find that out until you try to plug the number into the website .
 Blizzard has comped everyone that has the standard WOW and given us Burning Crusade as of July 1 , 2011 . Wish I had known this as I ordered this on 06/28/11 , and just spent 30 minutes waiting to find out why I could n't install it.Call Blizzard if you bought this and have n't installed it . They will give you the cost back as Amazon should not have to eat this.Good Luck !
 First of all I had no problems with bugged quests at all . Rotten cheese , you do realize that this is not Azeroth ? There are n't any level 1 starting zones in Outland so why would there be Alliance/Horde territories ? You think alliance would totally be in control of Hellfire penninsula ? Umm ... it 's littered with orcs and the like . Anyways , it IS just like Azeroth in the sense that every level 60 + area is contested so DEAL WITH IT . Nothing has changed there so I have no clue what you are complaining about . By the way , you will only get ganked if you are on a PVP server.The first day I played this on my PVP realm , the Horde and Alliance were more interested in leveling than wasting time and killing eachother . That would be complete chaos caused by real players . There is occasional ganking but now that people are leveling up again the population is spreading out nicely throughout Outland.I have yet to run into one bugged quest . Sure , spawn rates are rediculously fast in some places but come on , there are 40 players runnin around killin the same stuff . Good job on Blizzard 's part to increase spawn rates this time for the starting quests in Hellfire Peninsula.There are so many more items added to this expansion to drown you in . Some greens/blues are better than the lvl 60 epic set items that were in the original game . Now people who could n't raid before can actually get very nice gear from the new dungeons . Another good job from Blizzard to help the casual gamer.I have n't played either of the 2 new races so I wo n't comment on those.The last couple things are the music and the scenery . The music is fantastic , from the opening title screen to every zone track in Outland . The voice acting of the bosses is pretty cool too . I hear the Blood Elf jokes are extremely gay though . The scenery of every zone of Outland is so colorful it looks 10 times better then anything in Azeroth . Even the new mobs all around are more detailed and have more color and thought put into them . From armored voidwalkers in Hellfire Peninsula to nasty creatures that look like that came out of War of the Worlds or something , this game has it all.This expansion has everything we could have ever wanted in one from Blizzard . I 'm sure this one will last another 2 years before the next expansion . Go get your copy NOW . You wo n't regret it .
 With 139 other reviews , I did n't see a need to add my 2 cents , but after reading some , I noticed that no one really mentioned the design of Outland.One issue I had with the original lands of WoW -LRB- Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms -RRB- was the travel time from place to place . If you were Alliance , and ever had to travel to Tanaris or Un ` Goro Crater , you 're talking about 5 full minutes just to fly there -LRB- about 20 minutes by land -RRB- from any of the main cities -LRB- Ironforge , Stormwind , and Darnassus -RRB- . And setting a hometown just to be closer to Tanaris would mean taking a long time to reach any Eastern Kingdom land , so that was n't a viable option either.With the expansion , however , Outland is designed such that the main city , Shattrath , is pretty much in the center of the entire continent , so that travelling from one area to another is much easier . Add to that epic flying mounts , and then traveling from one corner to another is much faster . Additionally , in Outland , each dungeon area was actually a dungeon portal in that there were actually 3 or 4 dungeons right next to each other , so that they 're easily accessible -LRB- geographically , at least , since some required certain quests and levels to unlock -RRB- . This meant that you had over a dozen dungeons for 5-man groups , as well as half a dozen or so raid instances added with this expansion.A second feature that was n't really mentioned is the reputation rewards . You now really have three ways to get very good equipment . One way is to join big groups -LRB- raids -RRB- , and hit the big areas and get the big loot . Another way is to do lots of PVP -LRB- battle grounds and arenas -RRB- and get PVP based equipment rewards . A new , third viable way is to repeatedly do solo and/or small group -LRB- 5-man -RRB- adventures and grind your way toward epic reputation rewards . -LRB- There 's of course a 4th way , where you buy , swindle , or flirt your way to a lot of gold and buy epic equipment , but that 's of course heavily discouraged and may get you in trouble if the transactions are illegal . -RRB- Again , very good expansion . If you own WoW and are still playing it , buying this expansion is a must . Highly recommended .
 Played to Level 23 Shaman Draenei which completed all the new quests on their home Isle . Very impressed with the new content . Have yet to play through the new high level areas , but if they are anything like the additional low level content , it should be amazing . For long time players of WOW , this is addition content that is critical . If you looking to get involved with the game for the first time , this is not necessary right away ... If you play WOW long enough , you will get this eventually .
 I have to admit , I was very apprehensive starting to play WoW Burning Crusade well after the release date . But , am I ever glad I did . This game is addicting and lots of fun.I was worried it would be difficult to start playing a game when you are Level-1 and other guys are Level-70 . But , that just was n't the case . The starting quests are such that you remain in a few general areas until you get past about Level-20 , after that you venture out into the larger world -LRB- but even the starting areas are vast -RRB- . The other good thing about starting the game late in the cycle is the noob areas are n't overly crowded . Nobody is stealing your quests , no queues for quests , but there are still enough people around to get a good group going for a good Elite quest.Until a week ago , I have never played WoW , but I have played Guild Wars and Lord of the Rings Online . While some of the other games have better graphics and worlds you may be familiar with due to movies -LRB- such as LOTRO -RRB- , they have nothing up on WoW . The WoW interface is easy to learn , work with , and customize . The WoW worlds are large and provide enough variety to keep things fun . One week into the game , I have a Level-20 Blood Elf Rogue and have cancelled my LOTRO account.Another good thing about WoW is that it works well for high-end and low-end systems . I play on my desktop , which is a high-end 8800GTX-based system and it plays great . I also play on my notebook , which is just an ok system with integrated graphics . It works well on my notebook as well.Bottom line , if you are thinking about starting to play WoW , stop thinking and do it . The Burning Crusade expansion pack is a good way to start . You do n't need a Level-60 character to enjoy the expansion pack , you can start one of the new races and still play in the new environment.It 's never too late to start playing WoW
 World of Warcraft is a great game , but I have to admit that I was getting bored . My friends and I really are n't interested in the huge raids , so we found we were just levelling new characters through the same old stuff all the time . Now the expansion is here , and Blizzard has done a fantastic job of recapturing the player 's interest . The new zones have all sorts of colorful and dangerous new critters , and even the mining and herb collecting has gotten interesting . There are also some great new instances , and you do n't need to be part of a 40-player raid to see them . There are still a few small bugs that Blizzard needs to work out -LRB- like making it so you can cook on the fires in Shattrath -RRB- , but all-in-all it 's worth every penny . Kudos Blizzard !
 The World of Warcraft expands with the release of the Burning Crusade introducing a whole new world for you to explore with your level 58 + character . The new Outland is considerably more `` alien '' in nature to the more familiar fantasy environments that most WoW players are used to in Azeroth , but with that concept Blizzard used their artistic freedom to create new visually-stunning areas . It adds a whole new element to the sense of adventure.In addition to the Outland , there are the two new starting races , Draenei for the Alliance and Blood Elves for the Horde , and their respective starting areas . The Blood Elves add a more aesthetically pleasing race to the Horde while the Draenei add a non-traditional element to the Alliance , though the most noticeable gameplay difference is additions of the shaman and paladin classes to the Alliance and Horde , respectively . Again , their new areas are very impressive visually.The Burning Crusade still retains most of the traditional elements of WoW while giving things that expansion-bump . Jewelcrafting has been added as a profession . Profession caps are up from 300 to 375 . Epic land mounts are cheaper . There are now flying mounts for the Outlands . They 've scaled things down to allow for more casual players to experience `` end-game content '' while still keeping things fairly epic in nature . More world pvp goals have been implemented and can break up the monotony of questing . There is a lot of reading if you really want to get into the story , but it 's not all that necessary to enjoy the game.The game does a very good job at making things seemingly simple -LRB- computer models and stats -RRB- into something important and satisfying . It still amuses me when I hear someone who 's 50 + years old talk about their character 's attack power and agility . While the game still has its roots in the RPG elements involving gear and statistics , it is all very transparent in terms of playing the game . The expansion also helps balance the playing field for the players that were n't able to run 40 man dungeons by giving good quest rewards early on . The items received early on in Outland easily match many of the Tier 1 and 2 rewards from pre-expansion . The World of Waracraft
 Enjoying the new content of the game . Loading took awhile but it was from the millions of people loading up the game and obtaining the patch on the first day it was released . Your character has to be level 58 to enter the Outland itself . For those under 58 , they offer 2 new characters with the area to level from level 1 to 20 . Also Hunters have new pets to obtain . The cap has been raised from 60 to 70 and that is a nice plus .
 Item shipped fast and arrived in perfect conditions , it has been suitable to my needs and I have nothing negative in response .
 I seemed to have missplaced my bc disk so i bought this to replace it . good deal all the way around .
 I have played WOW for many years now and see that I naver reviewed this expansion . This is by far the best expansion of the Game . It always goes on sale for $ 5 so it is now worth it .
 I bought this for the box . I have been playing WoW since the game released . I looked all over for just the box , but could not find it . I even asked friends , to no avail . I finally found a great deal on a box and scooped it up . My gaming shelf now looks complete . I know it sounds crazy , but this was very important for me .
 Excelente producto , llego en muy buen estado y no tuve problema alguno con el.Me siento muy satisfecho con el producto !
 Just got into the BC content now that MOP is out . I did Zangarmarsh and I had a blast . The Blood Elf starting area in 1080p is beautiful . I really do love it . I 'm looking forward to playing WOTLK . Cataclysm and Pandaria not so much . If you play wow up to Level 80 you will love it . Last to expansions were sub par .
 This is what everyone has been waiting for , new content ! It 's great ! I love WOW . It is truly the most well developed game I have ever played . I have been playing games since the Vic 20 -LRB- home PC -RRB- and Atari 2600 . Never have I played a game for over two years and not get tired of it .
 WoW 's Burning Crusade expansion brings in 2 new races one new planet and a host of new quests and dungeons to explore . Like the earlier World of Warcraft it is remarkably stable for an MMORPG 99 % of the stuff works on the first try I only found one bugged quest so far.The reason for not giving the more then 4 stars is in the quest system . Most players I have spoken with have grown tired of the bring me 15 rings from the tribe of the moon type quests . You go out and find that only 1 in 10 Moonies have a ring . Low drop rate quests are boring discourage group play and all to frequent in these on line games .
 As expansions go , I 've learned not to expect too much . That 's why the Burning Crusade came as such a wonderful surprise . It actually delivers what it promised , and more . It 's a whole new experience within the game with a story line and graphics unlike any I 've seen before . Go for it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Huge new areas to explore , tons of quests , great new instances and loot . The new levelling progression is well done , with plenty to do for people who love to grind , quest , or instance , plus great new additions to crafting . 10/10
 The additional content in this expansion is extensive and engaging . Blizzard has clearly learned from the last couple of years , and both the Outlands material for endgame and the new zones in Azeroth show great attention to the pacing , aesthetics , and tactical balance that make WoW one of the greatest video games ever made . It 's worth paying the few extra dollars to add this massive amount of content to your existing WoW installation .
 This expansion opens up 2 new classes to the franchise , which I may add was done really well . If you are a low lvl 1-30 thats all you will really experience till your atleast lvl 40 and up . And the real fun really doesnt begin untill you are like 58 . Sadly thats just to long for me to wait , and iam not going even waste my time for me to be dissapointed . I am a lvl 20 bloodelf -LRB- new class btw -RRB- . Without the expansion this game was alright , it seems like with this expansion they really focused on the players who has been in long standing with the games rather then noobs trying to put their foot in to the game . In conclusion , this expansion is worth it if you are a lvl 60 and if you think that seeing new 2 classes is awsome . But to be honest , for 35 bucks , I feel sorta robbed , on the back of the case it should of atleast said some of the game requirments such as what lvl you havet to reach before you actually experience this wonderful expansion . This is why , I quit the game World of Warcraft
 I 'm a hardcore player with a 70 shaman , 70 warlock and 70 priest . They are the highest levels attainable in the new release . I enjoyed the game very much but unfortunately soon after I hit 70 I find few things to enjoy about the game . Content is provided by Blizzard to keep people forking out $ 15 a month service fee . This is called ` end game ' content.I am a hard core player but I 'm not into the focused PvE -LRB- ` plyaer vs. computer controlled enemies ' as opposed to player vs player -RRB- progression that many people apparently enjoy . I play a lot of different aspects for fun . At level 70 , which is called ` end game play ' , is impossible to play the game on your own very much without it being more like work than fun , to me at least . I suspect a large segement of players probably feel the same way . Most of the time I spend playing with other players is very much work more than fun as I will describe now .5 man quests
 Everyone already has their opinions on this game , but as a 19 year old female college student and closet gammer , I 'm playing this whenever I do n't want to do homework !
 Well the game came in the mail and I plugged in the key and it worked , then I installed the game.What more to expect ?
 What should I say?Dont tell me you play WOW and you dont buy this , I 'm gon na gank you ! hahaha
 I am not an endgamer . I play WoW only a few hours a week but I still find this expansion extremely entertaining . There 's two completely new races and two totally new starting areas to sink your teeth into ! The new areas are beautiful ! Never mind the fact that this is theo MOST played MMORPG with over 8 million subscribers . Go for it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't be left out . The Crusade drives on and we must do what we can to stop it . Azeroth needs us , as does the shattered world of Outland , which can only be experienced with this highly enjoyable expansion pack . If you have n't already , get yours today !
 This is probably one of the best expansion packs I 've played of any game ... period , and I 've played many over my years , more than I should have . The visuals are gorgeous , the story is deep , the characters give more of what you would expect , and the new starting areas are magnificent . The only exception is the captial city of the Draenei which is sometimes a little hard to navigate , but other than that , the quests are deep enough that you WANT to remain in the starting areas and complete them before moving on -LRB- at level 18-22 -RRB- . I can not comment on Outland as I do n't have any characters that high yet , but I look forward to it when I get a character at that level .
 This is another great game by blizzard . But take into consideration you also have to watch your time and addiction in to this game .
 First of all , it 's great to finally say `` yes ! my level 60s can level up once again . '' The overall performance of this expansion made possible by the development from Blizzard earns the title
 It 's a good expansion to a great game , too bad they turned the game into a farming game in order to achieve your ingame goals . Epic Flying Mount = farm your butt off , epic gear that you can make yourself such as 3 piece armor sets = farm your butt off ...
 If you like WoW , this is a must-have expansion . Outland is awesome , and the loot you get there off of your first few quest runs makes going to the high-level instances in Azeroth pointless . Say goodbye to your free time!Highly recommended .
 EA Sports NHL 08 is far better than the past two seasons efforts . One of the first things you will notice is that it does present itself a lot like 06 and 07 in terms of graphics and audio . However , the players move much more realistic and true to how certain players act and play the game . Goalies are MUCH improved as is the overall gameplay . Playing on the difficuly level is actually challenging and fun . Those wanting a more hockey sim from EA Sports will be rather pleased with this game -LRB- I have played 10 minute periods on difficult and average scores like 4-1 , 3-2 ; with under 40 shots on goal for and under 20 against . Amazing saves and body checks that are totally realistic -- not a hitting frenzy as in the past -RRB- . There are a few problems which should n't really hurt the game overall . Rosters on the NHL teams are a little old -LRB- i.e.Ranger fans will still see Cullen and Ortmeyer on the team -RRB- . However , major signings and deals over the summer are in this game . Missing a rookie or two from your lineup ? That may not be a problem . NHL 08 packs a full AHL league and rosters as you can call up anyone -LRB- and I mean anyone -RRB- and place them on your active roster -LRB- if your rookie played at least one game in the AHL last season , then you will find him on the AHL team -RRB- . The only other issue with this years hockey release is that the game tends to lag and bog down when there is too much action in front of the net at one time -- it 's a noticable , but a minor flaw.The rest of the game will feel familiar as most of the new programming went to the next generation systems . Menu options have been simplified greatly and the music is more enjoyable to listen to.Overall , you will notice that even though the look and sounds of this game have n't changed much , just wait until the opening face-off and you will see a new game with the EA Sports NHL 08 . From the way players act , skate and control , and the vastly improved goalies -LRB- 90 % save percentage actually will happen in this years game -RRB- all make this game a much improved product over NHL 06 and 07 .
 This game is very good . This game has newer rosters and new controls , which can make playing easier or harder depending on your skill.Pros ... gammeplay and graphics are very good . good multiplayer game . Great dynsasty mode.Cons ... sometimes when you are in the middle of a game it will slow down or skip . The people who announce are horrible , they announce things ten seconds afer it happens , and when they are in the middle of saying things and someone gets a penalty , they forget what they were going to say . This last one is n't really a con , but whats bad for me is that Eric Stall is on the cover . I live in Colorado , COME BACK JOE !!
 I must confess , the last NHL game I picked up before this one was 2004 , so there may be some features I bring up that were also in previous years which I am unaware of . For the most part , NHL 2008 is fun and addictive , and there are no other NHL games that compare . I was only going to write a three star review , but most of the gameplay issues go away in multiplayer mode.I find this game to be very similar to past years , with some different things here and there , but I was able to pick up the controller and start playing it with no problems . Some reviewers complained of slow-down 's in front of the net , and while this does occur it is quite rare . There are also some slow-down 's when you dump the puck down ice , but this has only happened a couple times to me . Something new to me is the ability to initiate a fight yourself at just about anytime you would like . I have also seen fights change the momentum of games . While I knew 2008 would n't be much different than past years , I knew I wanted to play with guys like Crosby and Ovechkin , which is a major reason for purchasing this game.There are a handful of issues I have with the gameplay and hopefully they will be changed in future years or improve on PS3 . First and foremost , is the issue with the shooting . Shooting and scoring are extremely difficult . I use manual shooting , which the game defaults to . Involved in the shooting is a bullseye that moves around the net before you release the button to aim your shot . The only problem is that even when aiming in this way , the puck misses the net at least 50 % of the time . This occurs from all distances and angles , and even in situations where it really should not , such as Sidney Crosby in the crease taking a wrist shot that misses the net . It is even difficult to score on an open net . Furthermore , shots that do n't miss the net are almost always stopped by the goalie - this inculdes one-timers from all angles and distances , wrap-around-the-net shots , slap shots from the points , and close distance wrist shots . There does n't appear to be any method to scoring other than to get as many shots as possible . On the other hand , when the cpu is playing against you , no matter who your goalie is , almost 1 in every 5 shots goes in . I end up winning around 2 out of every 3 games , with realistic final scores , but unrealistic shot numbers . For example , I might win 4-3 , but I 'll have 60 shots on goal and the cpu will have only 15 . Most games end this way , and I 'm constantly reminded of it , because the opposing goalies , even in losses , usually end up being one of the three stars of the game for having a ridiculous number of saves . This also hurts the overall gameplay due to the fact that you can no longer play a defensive game of puck control , because you 're constantly trying to score . I feel this makes the gaming very unrealistic , despite the close final scores . Also , keeping in mind the shot-to-score ratio I mentioned earlier , do whatever you can do to not end up in a shootout , because you will lose it 9 out of 10 times.Apart from the shooting issues , I also notice there is no longer a pass where you can lift it off the ice . In previous years , you could make a normal pass , but also press another button for a lifted wrist-shot-type pass so that you could make passes through traffic . This pass is no longer in the game , forcing the player to deke more.One last issue is that the cpu has a regular tendency to always score goals within the last minute of the 3rd period , no matter what the score is . I honestly believe there is some type of computer assistance that is turned on in the last minute of the game , so you must try extra hard to protect the net at the end of the game.I know it sounds like I 've mentioned more negatives than positives with this game , but it is actually a lot of fun to play . Just do n't expect to play the cpu and have the games be anything close to realistic .
 They finnaly did something I have wanted for years , and that was to add in the AHL teams . EA Sports however did n't however do it right . Unlike their baseball games you CA N'T call up player from your minor league system . If you want certain players to be part of your dynasty you have to edit the rosters before you start your season.The graphics are a step above from years past . The rosters are close to up to date . I 've only found a few players who were on that were wrong team.Overall , this game is worth the thirty bucks and hopefully they fix the Dynasty mode to include AHL teams next year .
 It got me back into hockey aft the strike . I enjoy most of electronic arts games ... especially when it comes to sports .
 I love this game I have tried many diferent NHL games in the past but this is awsome . It has a very indebth dynasty with trading signing upgrades and just about evaey thing else.The Goodexcellent graphics and soundeasy to learnwhen ever a player scores a board comes up with the scorers season stats and the assistsmore realistic trading with the salary capThe badYou ca n't adjust ticket pricescan be a little to easyDraft still stinks but is better than any othersAll in all 9/10
 I had recently purchased a 989 hockey game and was dissapointed while it was good it was not quite what I was looking for . I ordered this one and upon its arrival began playing . I found it excellent , it has all the usuall options for creation and teams , but you can also play as all the AHL minor leauge teams , which I almost enjoy more than playing as the NHL teams . For the controling you have the new hybrid controls that involve using the right stick for deaking and shooting . If you dont like this though they have an option for classic controls which I was suprised by and very glad about , and if you want to just change a few things in the controls there is a custom option . The graphics could be a little better they look alot like older versions but there isnt the same boxy quality to the game play.Overall a great game .
 I am not a huge hockey fan but while browsing through the video games at a local store , I decided to pick up 2k8 . The glitches made the game impossible to play . The commentators were constantly repeating what they had just said , after there was a frozen puck , man , it took forever for the game to come back to a face off screen . The gameplay was way to complex , with three pages explaining basic controls . I could have gotten used to the gameplay but the glitches were the reason I took it back to the store and got NHL 08 . I could not believe the difference , the controls are so much simpiler , the cut away scenes are better , the game has minor league teams , and it does n't have glitches -- it runs very smoothly . Now , I am actually starting to learn a bit about hockey and how fun it can really be .
 It 's a good game for those who love hockey and hockey video games . They could have improved in alot of areas but overall it 's a good game to play .
 Fun For the whole Family !!!! It keeps us all busy when we have to be inside couped up !!!!!!!!!!
 I want to address the negitive comments I 've seen regarding Dungeon Siege . Seems many of the negitive comments about Dungeon Siege is that it :1 . Has little story2 . Has poor character generation3 . Is no better than Diablo III would agree that the story is a bit weak . More so , the characters you run into have little dialog and the path through the game is pretty linear -LRB- not much branching out on quests and such -RRB- However , I do find innovation in the way that Chris Taylor approaches RPG & character generation and this is what I think a lot of people miss . First , your character starts off as a farmer , he/she is not born into the world a magic user or fighter ... that is decided depending on how the characters skills develop -LRB- much more `` life-like '' when you think about it -RRB- . And , because of this , character generation at the start is pretty simple - what do you want to look like and what sex are you . This is a much more realistic approach to character development.In regards to Dungeon Siege vs. Diablo II ... did I miss something ? Dungeon Siege puts you in a 3D world with real trees and dungeons similar to the dungeons one imagines from the pencil & paper D&D ; days . Diablo II 's world is stale , 2d graphics with very little character development or story too ! If I want to play a 2D RPG , play the Bauldur 's gate series because the story is much more involved.Finally , I was disappointed that as I progressed through the first major Dungeon in Dungeon Siege , it turned out into the a-typical kill-all fest . I am of the opinion that there is more to RPG than killing everything in site . I would like to see more puzzles , quests and fewer endless blood baths . In sum , I 'd like to THINK instead of hack hack hack.Overall , its a pretty innovative game -LRB- from the wonderful 3D world , simple user interface , and character development -RRB- ... if only the story were a bit more exciting .
 Graphics are amazing - the camera control is great - go stand near a canyon and look down , it is truly a wonderful sight.The skill progresion is interesting - I like that you are not limited to only playing as a fighter or a mage you can mix it up when needed.The action is instant - there are aspects that remind me of Myth.Well worth the cash - will be a classic .
 Dungeon Siege has one reason to run and buy it right now , the graphics . They are simply amazing , no screenshot can do them justice . The gameplay is not bad either , but there is one serious problem . There is little incentive to level your archers or melee warriors . Attribute numbers are seperate from actual character levels , so all you really get is a warrior is level 20 rather than 19 , big whoop . I think it would have been nice to include some class specific spells , sure an archer can learn some spells , but none of them help him be a better archer . In the grand scheme of things this is pretty minor , the fun factor of Dungeon Siege is pretty high , I have flushed most of this weekend away playing it after all . The pure atmosphere of the continuous world must be experienced to be belived . To take the hack and slash of Diablo II and transport that to a living breathing 3D world is no small feat , and should be rewarded with your hard earned cash . This game is certainly a ground breaker in many ways , and only a few flaws in the character development models detract from that and cause it to get less than 5 stars .
 Let 's start with the bottom line , which will tell those who do n't know anything about the game what they need to know , and inflame some of the pro-DS types just for the fun of it : Dungeon Siege is Diablo III . It 's Diablo from its basic concept down to the littlest details . If you enjoy Diablo -LRB- I did -RRB- , chances are you 'll like this . If you did n't like Diablo , you wo n't like Dungeon Siege.Sure , there is n't a skill tree , and you control multiple characters at once -LRB- well , you turn multiple characters loose at once to do their own thing , which usually involves either stupidly pulling way too much to the group or ignoring a party member getting pasted -RRB- , but in so many ways , the game does n't just use the conventions of the genre , it does EXACTLY what was done in Diablo , from the big scale -LRB- random magical prefixes and suffixes on found objects -RRB- to the ridiculously small scale -LRB- regular items have yellowish white labels when the drop on the ground , magical items have blue -RRB- . And the multiplayer world includes waypoints Diablo II-style that , just like in Diablo II , have to be unlocked by going to the furthest ones first . -LRB- The whole multiplayer world revolves around unlocking the big waypoints that connect the cities of the Utraean Penninsula . -RRB- For those who have n't played the Diablo series yet -LRB- all three of you -RRB- , that means Dungeon Siege is about running from one horde of monsters to another , stomping them flat , taking all of their loot , doing one or two quests at a flat-out run , then repeating . That 's it . And given that you can give your group individual commands that control how they behave , there 's not always a lot to do after that . This is the first non-sim game I 've been able to `` play '' while walking to the kitchen and fixing myself a snack . Because , hey , I know they can handle the hordes of spiders in that great hall.The game did not ship with its editor , or the second multiplayer world , which is a pity . Both will extend the life of this game a fair bit . As it is , after the rather long single-player game , and running around the expansive multiplayer world -LRB- although most of that map is n't required to complete the multiplayer quest , meaning many people wo n't see all of it -RRB- , most players will put it down . Now , the Diablo II players who clawed their way up to level 99 will have a chance to get to level 120 in Dungeon Siege , but for those who do n't want to hunt in a given dungeon 50 or 60 times , that 's pretty much it for the game.Some positives
 I 'd have to say that Dungeon Siege is possibly the most addictive game i 've ever played.Thats rare considering I 'm not a huge fan of RPGs.I bought this game one year a go and still I cant get it out of my mind.Dungeon Siege haves you thrown in a vast world full of adventure without ever having to see a loading screen.Your mission : Rid the world of evil.Of course this is no easy task considering you start out as a farm boy/girl . As the game progresses you 'll learn new things.Find tresures and kick some evil `` rear '' . The best thing is you will never run out of things to do or find . Every step of the way is filled with action and whatever else in between.Plus you have options . You like to beat up a krug with a sword , go ahead . You wan na blown up a goblin with magic , be my guest . This game is virtually endless with fun.If you like RPGs get this game.If you do n't like RPGs get this game .
 I got this game about a week ago and It is the best game I have ever Played . You start out as a farm girl/boy at 15 and you can go along adding characters to your party . Max characters is 8 including a pack mule . A pack mule is a mule that can carry 3 times as many items as a regular character and if it is cornered you will get to see some hoof to face action to the baddies . There are tons of hotkeys and options such as party follow mode -LRB- every one follows each other -RRB- and you can arrange your party in several different formations . You can equip your characters with melee and ranged weapons . Armor , shields , boots , gloves , rings and amulets all of which can be magical and ex would be a shield the gives you a plus 2 to melee skill . DS is also a skill based game there is Strength , Dexterity and Intelligence . Str for melee fighting . Dex for ranged and int for nature and combat magic . And the variety of monsters is pretty good too but somtimes yu will get sick of fighting krug a bad guy you see often . Well the bottom line is GET THIS GAME IT IS REALLY GOOD!I promise you will like itSEE YA
 In a word , `` WOW ! '' I have never seen a PC game to equal this one ! I had my husband purchase it for me on the day it was released , as a late birthday present for me , since we are avid gamers . I saw the review in my `` PC Gamer '' magazine . I love Diablo II , but am ready for something else . This game looked to be it!I am NOT disappointed ! The graphics are clearer than any game I 've ever seen ! You make your first main character BEFORE you even see the introduction of the game . The character you make -LRB- down to the gender , hair color , skin color , and outfit -RRB- show up as part of the intro movie ! Everything looks 3D . You can change the angle of the camera to all sides , even up and down ! Your characters can go INTO the huts , teepees , houses , etc. to search around . You can have up to eight characters at once , including pack mules to carry your treasures . Characters can be set up so they ALL attack at once ! No telling each character what to do and each creature -LRB- good and bad -RRB- taking one shot a piece . NOPE ! I often have my party hold ground in one place while another of my warriors draw out creatures from a large group and lead them back to my party . Then all my archers , warriors , sorcorers attack AT ONCE ! Often my sorcerer is set up to heal the members in my party as they become hurt ! No watching your mana gage ! Well , unless the sorcerer becomes unconscious . Tired of carrying extra armor ? Fine , use a transforming spell and change it into instant money . But you get more money if you carry it into the next town . Need to run to the restroom ? Do n't need to go to town . If anything approaches your characters while you are gone , they defend themselves automatically ! It is awesome ! Set one character up to attack the strongest creature , one to attack the weakest , one to attack the closest , one to attack the farthest away , one only to defend the group if an enemy comes near , or any combination of them . You can even see your individual characters moving on the automap as you move ! I could almost play it on the automap . Zoom in , zoom out , change angles , etc. . Heck , even as I look at the armor of a character -LRB- to see if I want to change it for something else -RRB- I can see more than just a block to place a helmet or sword . I can actually see my character 's outline ! I can see the warrior , archer , or whatever moving , shifting as I place the items on ! Exchanging items among your group is so easy ! If you do n't want or have a sorcerer as yet , mana regenerates quickly ! Much quicker than in Diablo II.BUY THIS GAME !
 I bought the game a few days ago and have been wailing away on the local krug population . The game reminds me very much of the more classic Ultima PC games -LRB- with classless char development and the ability to balance fighter with magi skills -RRB- with a very Asheron 's Call -LRB- AC -RRB- feel graphics-wise . As with AC , you get to customize the look of your char -LRB- skin , hair , basic clothing -RRB- and you have to walk everywhere -LRB- ! bummer ! Get me a TP -RRB- . But the game rocks ... everyone compares it to Diablo and D2 , but it goes beyond the basic click-n-slash game that D2 is -- it 's the RPG that D2 could have been . It allows group and formation control , and when you decide to attack a mob - you just click once ... yes , ONCE ... no clicking until your finger falls off to strike your blows , allowing you to worry more about the game than simple combat - awesome . I 'm really looking forward to trying the multi-play features of the game.My only complaint thus far is the inability to keep a in-game journal or mark the world map with notes -LRB- an ability many of the larger RPGs allow -RRB- ... as it 's easy to forget where that one small cave is . Although not a game that will overwhemingly appeal to RPGers or hard-core D2 click-n-slashers , it 's a decent hybrid that fills that certain need to trim down the evil monster population without getting a sore mouse-finger .
 If you love Diablo II or NOX computer games , you 'll love Dungeon Siege . Dungeon Siege is similar to both Diablo II and NOX . You build up your characters just like you do in Diablo II or NOX with either fighting skills or magic spells . You explore different lands just like you do in Diablo II or NOX and go through different cities and towns . The main difference between Dungeon Siege and Diablo II and NOX is the size of the world you explore plus you can pick up more characters to fight with you throughout the game -LRB- up to eight characters -RRB- . This game has one of the biggest worlds to explore I have ever seen in a computer game . The graphics , music , and sounds are all great through out the game . The only complaint I have about Dungeon Siege is trying to control the camera angle and the zooming in and zooming out features through out the game . Microsoft needs to put out a patch to fix these features and the game will be just fine .
 The graphics are awesome , very smooth , and very realistic war of fog . the only problem i had was the control especially when controlling different types of spells and switching weapons . eventhough it had the pause feature , switching speelbooks and spells was tedious . And i do n't like the way you increase your abilities . You will only be able to increase your skill if you are using it , but it 's kinda realistic .
 I 'm very new at role playing games and played Diablo II and Balders Gate . This game is great fun with incredable graphics . I understand the complaint about thin to no story , but find that 's ok because I 'm filling in the rest with my imagination . I had no trouble understanding the game and enjoy the ease at which I can change weapons or magic during battle . The larger character view is helpful to me to keep track of my people and enjoy the realistic movements.I also enjoy the ease of going from one scene into another seamslessly without the need of disk access . The addition of a pack mule is very nice to carry treasures for trade or items you will need soon but your character is not ready for . I feel this was made for new players to the role playing world and for pro 's who just want to enjoy the graphics without have to over think many puzzling or complicated games . I recommend first time buyers of role playing games to start with this one . A great introduction to weapons , magic and creatures without getting overwhelmed .
 I just downloaded the trial version of Dungeon Seige . Its too cool ! I love it so much that I had to buy the full version ! Its even better that I expected !!! I fully recommend that the whole world get this game !!! I 'm not that much into gaming . I thought that the Sims were the end , but when I found this , well , my mind changed very fast ! I could ` nt give this game enough kudos !!!
 I was greaty entertained by DS for it 's simple fun in great graphics . Some of the sights in the game are a treat to see , such as standing on top a tower looking out in to a lush forest complete with tree , shrubs and flowers . Unlike Diablo2 the world feels large and lively that only 3D graphics could produce.This is all tied with some nice music , some of it interesting to hear but it is the usual epic fantasy themes.I could forgive the lack of a story . Let 's be real , we are going to end up killing monsters whatever the reason is . I am not really interested in talking to NPCs for clever dialog or spending time reading volumes on a world that does n't really exist . All I need to know is A -RRB- Where are the monsters and B -RRB- how to kill the monsters . DS let 's you do just that.Something also has to be said for the lack of a story , you are free to make up your own . There is no rule that game developers had to fill your imagination for you.My one real complaint is the skill system . If I am going to kill a lot of things for hours , I want some really cool skills . I love how it works , just that there is so little to work with . The 4 skill catagories could further broken up in to more diverse skill trees and still be as easy to use.All that said , this is an entertaining game for the uninspired . Forget keeping track of to-hit modifiers , just click away to your heart 's content .
 Dungeon Seige felt wonderfully fresh and fun from teh moment I started it . There was no strugle to get started , no frustration . The difficulty of the game scaled smoothly as you moved forward so you hardly noticed it . Instead it felt natural and easy . I am not a fan of games that equate frustration with fun and Dungeon Seige never once frustrated me.Strangely my only two complaints of the game were that a few of the dungeons themselves went on a TAD too long and the game itself did n't go on long enough ! When it ended I honestly felt as if I should have only been half way through the game . Fortunately with the release of the editor there should be more adventures available for download .
 I really like this game because it creates an immersive world to explore . All of the criticisms you have read in the earlier reviews are true . The story is thin and it is very simple to click and fight ... click and fight ... drink potion ... click and fight.But , you may want to ask yourself what you want from a game . For me , it is the exploration and the world I see around me . The sound effects and the ability to tailor make your skills are also big bonuses . I had the feeling that I was taking part in an interactive `` Lord of the Rings '' type environment . No ... the story is n't nearly as good , but the visuals are.If your goal is to be the ` baddest neighbor in the hood ' , then this is n't the product you want to spend your time with . If you want to explore , then this is an awesome game . It takes some time to fully appreciate all of the features . With the ability to zoom in , you can see the incredible detail to the images on the screen . It is a small item , but being able to count the arrows you shot into a monster is a first for me . Seeing the color of their eyes and the glint on their scales is the level of detail that exists here.I like it ... not as much as Diablo II , but it is grand entertainment . I just finished Wizardry 8 , and I like this one more .
 I 've always been a fan of RPG games and this looked pretty good . The graphics and scenery are spectacular ! I played through with an archer and it was pretty easy . Unless you have a lot of patience , steer clear of wizards . They 're not worth the trouble . I had a few minor glitches at first , mainly with the demand this game puts on your system . Ignore the minimum system requirements . You need a FAST system for this game to play properly and look like it 's intended to . I have a 933mhz system with 384 mb of RAM and a 64mb DDR graphics card and when the fighting got really heavy things starting getting a little choppy , but I got through it just fine . I think they put those requirements on the box so anybody will buy this game . But unless you know what your system can and can not do then you 'll be disappointed if you 're not up to the task to handle the strain . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it was -LRB- at least to me -RRB- a fairly easy game . You can play it again with a different difficulty setting and a different character or go online and join in , but nothing much will change . If you have a fairly decent system and want to enjoy some of the best scenery and graphics around , buy this game right now . If you 're not sure if your system is powerful enough , check with someone who has knowledge of this before you buy .
 This game is great ! it has HUGE maps and you only have to load the whole thing once then you never have to see a loading screen again . This game has lots of armor , weapons , and spells . This is a GREAT game for anyone going from a newbie to RPGs to the most experienced RPGer out there . This game is definatly a great buy . Everyone should have one of these in there homes . The multiplayer is also sweet becuase you can hook up with your friends or enemys . you can either go PvP -LRB- player vs. player -RRB- or Teams . This is no waste of money !
 This game is great ! it has HUGE maps and you only have to load the whole thing once then you never have to see a loading screen again . This game has lots of armor , weapons , and spells . This is a GREAT game for anyone going from a newbie to RPGs to the most experienced RPGer out there . This game is definatly a great buy . Everyone should have one of these in there homes . The multiplayer is also sweet becuase you can hook up with your friends or enemys . you can either go PvP -LRB- player vs. player -RRB- or Teams . This is no waste of money !
 I downloaded the demo version of the game , and played it through . I LOVE it . I fully intend upon buying it . It has wonderful graphics , and lots of options normally unheard of . Like ... you have a character that is a fighter ... you can get a spellbook , fill it with spells , and BAM ... you are now a mage . No penalties , and you can always switch back . Not only that , but you can work multiple skills at different times in order to raise your stats , and you do n't get slapped with a penalty for switching back and forth . Items and spells normally have to be found , you are n't handed them on a silver platter , and your health and mana regenerate naturally ... which is great . And the real time AI of the monsters are very challenging , and if they are n't ... bump up the difficulty and there you go !! I 'm very impressed . After EverQuest , DAoC , Asheron 's Call , BG2 and all of it 's clones , and Diablo 2 ... this game is a BREATH OF FRESH AIR.Now if only NeverWinter Nights would hurry up and come out ... LOL !!
 You will like Dungeon Siege . For awhile you will love it . Whether you keep loving it depends on the answer to one key question
 Ok I got my copy on Thursday the 11th , spent all weekend playing , -LRB- Thanks tp my wife for being understanding -RRB- 45 hours of grueling fun and I finished last night at 10:30 pm , just enough time to start a new game before bed . Graphics are great , clear story line , lots of quests and the AI combat engine is incredible . The character build up is fun , I am going to take a bit more time this time around so that I can actually use some of the great armor and weapons I found .
 Graphics10/10 ! This game has some of the best graphics I have seen in a long time . The outside areas are a sight to behold . The dungeons look great . One of the great things about the graphics is not only are they bright and colorful but they are very diverse . Chris Taylor and GPS did a great job of making a world where you really feel like you are really moving forward through a living-breathing world that has so many huge diverse environments . The only bad thing I can say about the graphics and I am not sure if they are even the problem . The game seems to have huge system requirements on my p3 700 with 512 ram and a geforce 2 gts I get about 15 to 20 fps outside and 20 to 30 in dungeons . Now you have to remember that this is an action RPG so 20 fps is not that bad and you really do n't see any choppiness it is just that in some areas that seem to slow down quite a bit . At some points I had only 5 to 10 fps . I am not sure this is a graphics issue though because no matter what resolution I choose or what color depth I use it does not make a difference . Now on my Dads computer . Witch is a XP 1800 with 512 ram and a geforce 3 500 he gets anywhere from 30-40 fps outside and about 60 in dungeons so it runs great on his system but most people obviously do n't have that kind of system.Sound9 .8 / 10
 Dungeon Siege by Chris Roberts is a great introduction to the world of RPG , just like the Diablo series . If you have a friend that likes console games or has never really delved into a hardcore RPG , this will get them in the door . Every aspect of this game is completely intuitive and can be mastered in seconds.The graphics are sumptious . Neverwinter Nights players will be impressed by the incredible camera control and beautiful outside environments as well as the huge variety of underground/indoor textures . 3d video required , I recommend at least GEForce2 with 1G or more processor . I use GEForce 4 w / 1.6 GH.The controls are overly simple . Stick a weapon in every characters hand and click on a group of monsters , then sit on your hands as the battle unfolds -LRB- I recommend playing around with the camera and pause key for maximum effect if you are bored . -RRB- This game is a goody-box of features that make RPG easier . Invetory management is straight out of diablo 2 . Everyhting is drag and drop , no weight to worry about . Pack mules carry your extra stuff . Waypoints , formations , quick keys , even a transmute spell which can turn your less valuable and larger items into gold on the spot saving room for the really good stuff . Partial potion drinking -LRB- just what you need -RRB- . Quick sort buttons for inventory . Click a button and everyone runs around picking up the treasure and loading it into the pack mule.There are no classes . You learn by doing . Shoot an arrow get better with bows , cast a healing spell get better at nature magic . You ca n't really get lost . If you do , just look for the huge signs everwhere telling you where to go!In fact the game is almost too easy to control , and this ease takes away from the tactics , which , sadly , is one of my favorite reasons for playing an RPG . BUT IT LOOKS AWESOME !
 This game is pretty fun bys yourself but even more fun when you play co-op with some friends . I actually broke my mouse a few weeks back playing this game . It is really fun . The 3d isometric graphics are top freakin ' notch as well as the spell effects.If you want a game like Torment , Fallout , or Arcanum . You will have to look elsewhere . But if you want a clickiy game like Diablo 2 but better -LRB- imho -RRB- , then this is where you go .
 Dungeon Siege continued to woo the crowds at Microsoft 's Games Festival , even after most of the audience there had already been privy to the recently distributed press beta build . With some questions lingering after our wholly positive preview , we spoke with Jon Grande from the Microsoft team overseeing the game 's development for some answers.Multiplayer will be a key element to Dungeon Siege 's longevity , so how is it going to play ? We were able to confirm that only single characters are available to control on multiplayer servers , which means a large part of the gameplay -- party management -- will be omitted . It was n't clear if you would be able to take a character from single-player into the multiplayer realms , although this seems unlikely.The game 's in-built server browser will be in place to allow for quick match-ups , displaying information such as player levels and locations , so you 'll know before joining if you 're likely to be able to party together . The developers are expecting and encouraging the formation of guilds and for players to generally play with people they 've already adventured with previously.Interestingly , other types of multiplayer will actually be available , including team deathmatches and capture the flag scenarios , so those tiring of cooperative gaming will really be able to let loose on something smarter than mindless critters -LRB- depending on who your opponent is , of course -RRB- . Although there are no `` instant '' portals in Dungeon Siege , teleporting is possible via a series of surreal , dimensional-shifting elevators . Because the game never pauses for a loading screen , this is a clever way of quickly traversing large distances , as the game can sneakily do its background loading while you wait for the elevator to descend and then ascend in another corner of the huge game world.One aspect of the beta that concerned us was the inability to quickly switch between the many spells in your spellbook . You can assign hotkeys to what type of attack each party member should use , but this is limited to selecting whatever nature or combat spell is currently highlighted . Grande said that they may add the option to hotkey individual spells , but during testing , they found players did n't want the extra duty of micromanaging spells when battles were frenetic enough with up to eight party members . They also found that spells tended to supersede one another , so you did n't make frequent switches . For such an intuitive interface , this still seemed an odd omission , but the game is still being tweaked.The game should be out in just under a month 's time . While you wait , check out the latest screens , which show off a good variation of the game 's many environments .
 I find Dungeon Siege a superior game on just about every level . True it wo n't satisfy the hardcore Rpg ` rs because of its somewhat thin storyline and if you 're into heavy NPC interaction then you 'll probably be disappointed there too , but the palate that this 3D world is developed on is , in my estimation , unbeatable . I applaud the team at Gas Powered Games for the obvious hard work that went into the graphics and applications . The detailing of the terrain is amazing , the atmosphere is rich and realistic , and I still have n't figured out how they were able to pull off the absence of load times , which further helps the continuity of the game . I 've played BG1 and 2 , Icwind dale , Planscape and Diablo 2 and this game , although similar in some respects to all of them , really should not be compared to any of them . Let the game stand on its own without tainting your opinion and see how it strikes you . It 's worth the effort . Any complaints of mine are too few to mention . Dungeon Siege is a solid game . If you 've got about 50hrs to kill and love immersive computer games , then buy it . If not , spend you money elsewhere .
 This is the first game i have played where i was totally satisfied . It combines all the Diablo , Vampire the Masquerade , -LRB- I have never played B 's gate so i couldnt say there -RRB- traits that I love and destroys the ones that I didnt like , Then blended in excellent graphics ... all and all I am VERY pleased with it .
 Take the best of Diablo II , Baldour 's Gate , mix them together , add a 360 degree angle and zoom capabilities , and there you have single player Dungeon Siege . It 's just like everybody says , no wait times , no load times , no anything except awesome graphics , awesome gameplay , awesome dungeon crawling.Now , if you want multiplayer?Take the best of TFC -LRB- sorry , there may be others out there , I dunno -RRB- and add that into the mix . Plus , you can save your character . Agreed , I played multiplayer online at work , and therefore did n't have a whole lotta time to play , but it 's still awesome . And once the siege editor comes out , omg.Now , is the time for the true roleplayer to get his copy of DS , and go to town . Our time has come.I 've played EQ , and this game totally kicks EQ 's arse .
 Pretty nice graphics , Not much charecter development . You juz pick what you want to kill with and that 's it . Lots of different weapons though , with many different magical bonuses . Even unique items . Only thing that kept me interested . After playing the single player storyline , there 's a bigger online storyline .
 I felt that this was a great release . This game is very similar to Diablo , but also brings new elements to this style of game play . Overall , I felt that this was a very entertaing game -LRB- I could n't stop playing it until I beat it -RRB- and would highly recommend it to all Diablo fans .
 This is the best RPG game I have ever played . The Graphics and sound are incredible ! The inventory and group controls are very easy . Unfortunently , my Dungeon Siege CD was destroyed by my dog . But the hours I played this were some of the best I ever spent in front of the PC .
 Actually , I really did n't like the game all that well myself . BUT , it 's not hard for me to realize that 's only because the gameplay does n't appeal to me , where it would to perhaps most of the RPG gaming world . Control is smooth and intuitive , probably the best I 've ever seen in an RPG . The graphics are also stunning and visually appealing . What I personally did n't like about it was the gameplay
 Dungeon Siege appealed to me on all the levels that the Diablo games failed to . My distaste for Blizzard 's Diablo franchise -LRB- `` Do n't believe the hype '' -RRB- puts me in a minority of sorts , I 'm sure - but I 'm just not a fan of action-oriented RPGs that are more about clicking incessantly on monsters than about building character or storytelling . It is strange , then , that I should find Dungeon Siege so appealing.The Pros : Graphics ! Dungeon Siege has some beautiful graphics . On top of that , no two dungeons look alike . Repetitive textures have plagued these kinds of games for quite some time now -LRB- see Arcanum , Diablo , or Neverwinter Nights , for example -RRB- , and it is wonderful that Siege manages to maintain a sense of wonder and fun while adventuring . Oh , and the outdoor vistas are staggering!Solid , enjoyable gameplay . Siege does n't exactly break any new ground , but in the world of action-RPGs , it takes the crown of all crowns . This lady is more style than substance , but that 's not always a bad thing.Like Neverwinter Nights and Baldur 's Gate , Dungeon Siege allows you to create your own custom character , and then recruit other pre-made companions along the way . You can acquire quite a little miniature army if you have sufficient resources to do so . This keeps things lively.Dungeon Siege may not be deep , but it 's not entirely shallow either . You do n't pick a class so much as find a style that you prefer , and the game will reward you for it . If you stick to melee fighting , you 'll gradually become a warrior . If you tend to cast a lot of spells , you 'll slowly evolve into a wizard . Or , of course , you can take that middle-road if both styles suit you . It 's subtle , but it enhances gameplay tremendously.The interface is a thing of beauty that can be customized as you see fit.Despite the fact that the storyline is immensely thin , the Kingdom of Ehb -LRB- the setting for this game -RRB- is at least a unique setting . You wo n't find the usual assortment of orcs and kobolds , at least - and though the game has goblins , they are n't quite what you 'd expect.The Cons : Dungeon Siege is n't big on storytelling . The game is essentially just another tale of a fantasy world threatened by a Dark Lord who means to do all sorts of bad things to good people everywhere . Even this idea can be fresh if done properly , but Siege hardly bothers to shed any new light on the topic.Dungeon Siege is n't the longest game , and its linear approach makes it even shorter . Unless you thoroughly enjoy the hacking and slashing , there probably wo n't be much of a reason to revisit the game once you 've beaten it -LRB- unless , of course , you opt for the multiplayer mode -RRB- . Interaction with NPCs is basic to the extreme . You click on a character and some hasty dialogue ensues . NPCs are devoid of personality much of the time -LRB- despite some amusing voice-overs -RRB- , and conversing usually just serves to get you embroiled in some uninspired fetch-and-carry qeust.The more party members you recruit , the harder it gets to tend to them all in the midst of battle . This results in a lot of needless death and the inevitable reloads that follow.In the end , though , if the combat works , the game works . This is that kind of game , after all - and in this genre , I think it 's hard to do better than Dungeon Siege.Final Grade
 1 word
 The first time I heard of Dungeon Siege I thought , I just got ta have that . So I saved up my money and I bought it . I played it for hours each day , and I thought it was ubelievable -LRB- although I died a few times -RRB- . Then I got the hang of it and , finally , I beat it . I 'm not saying it 's a quick game , because it is n't . It took me a long time to beat it and even my SISTER and my MOM liked it.All I 'm saying is that I recomend it , unless you do n't like RPG 's or fighting .
 I am a first time RPG player and must say this is one of the few games I have that I have played until I was finished . It is gorgeous , fun and very addictive . I found it to be fairly easy except in some sections . It took me about 35 hours to finish the game and I nearly completed all the quests.Mainly you wander on a single path to get to the end . While you can explore beyond that you are limited in your exploring but I must say if you are to find all you can find you need to do some off-path exploration and do some tricky looking.It is really plain fun as I found myself locked in it for hours and looking forward to the next time I could immerse myself in the world . There is not alot of story but the bit of story there is helps alot . It 's fun to command 8 characters although until you get a few people in your party it is not all that much fun . When you do -- the real enjoyment begins.I wish there was more character interaction and dialogue . NPC only have about 2 total things they say and they will say them over and over . There are no puzzles to really figure out and you mainly just wander down a path and kill everything you see . There is no real thought about it as this is the way you advance.I ca n't wait to try Morrowwind and Neverwinter now that I have a taste with this very high quality game .
 If I could sum up this game in one word it would be
 You know , for a student at College ... I 've been twiddling my thumbs in such classes like C++ and other sorts just dyin to go home to play a phenomenon which has come to be known as ` Dungeon Siege ' . Anyone else been playing this ??? They damn Krugs -LRB- ogre like creatures -RRB- keep killing my whole damn party since my donkey loses control in single player but in multiplayer , my level 38 Ranger is a god ... of course the game has too much lag on 56K ... so I host and wait for the next -LSB- person -RSB- to enter my game.Enough bout my personal experience ... basically I think this game is absolutly superb . If you have a half decent graphics card -LRB- GeForce 2 -RRB- then this game will utilise the GPU in a stunning way . You definetly notice the T&L ; -LRB- Textures And Lighting features in the Graphics card -RRB- . The game does n't have so much of a story but it does have absolutly stunning graphics . This is your simple hack and slash game similar to Diablo and Phantasy Stars Online . The game is slightly reptetitive but when playing online , it brings the gaming to a whole new level as it extends your gameplay.The game does keep you occupied for a long time and it 's well worth the money I assure you : -RRB- Dammit , it 's addictive ...
 I have played through this game twice , once as a fighter andonce as a mage . I love the user interface , graphics , audio andinventory management . This game includes many interestingdungeons and the AI for the monsters is great ! I oftenchased one into an ambush , very cool . You will never finda better RPG area then the Swamp , fantastic ! Yes , you are kepton the single path but so what ? You are free to explore withoutgetting lost and exploring is the name of the game . I completelyrecommend this game for hours of enjoyment .
 This game rocks ! If you want to do nothing more than kill everything in sight , Dungeon Seige will have you rolling with wicked laughter!The graphics are awesome , the voice-over talent is the best I have ever heard , and the game moves so quickly it is virtually impossible to get bored!The soundtrack will make you believe you are creating another installment of Lord of the Rings . The magic items go on forever , party members you kick out for more `` capable '' ones will curse you as you walk away , you can watch as hundreds of arrows pierce you foes -LRB- if that is the perverse kind of thing you are into -RRB- until he wails into the netherlands ! You are in complete control of marching orders , attack formations , and who lives or dies.Get bored with the `` overhead and behind '' camera angle ? No problem ; in fact , if you are confident you can vanquish the latest wandering enemy without much intervention on your part , just rotate the camera with your mouse and zoom in for a close-up effect of your fighter slashing the hell out of the forementioned unlucky foe , with unexhaustable abandon ! You may even , dare I say , detect a smile on your hero 's face?You can play the entire game with one hand on the mouse , and the other cradling your favorite beverage.Buy this game , lay waste to the land , and then match your self-made heroes on the internet multiplayer against some unlucky dude in Europe!Valhalla awaits ! Happy gaming , and give my regards to Odin !
 Simply put , this is the best game out . There are some great games schedule to come out soon , but until then , this is the by far the best . The game has countless monsters , treasures and graphics . Awesome graphics . Easy to use interface . I have n't encountered a single bug !!! Extra testing demanded by Microsoft to meet X-Box requirements definitely paid off . The only beef is that the game is somewhat linear . Unlike Baldors Gate or Might and Magic , there is basically only one way to go . Still an excellent game . Hats off to Gas Powered Studios and Microsoft .
 It is basically Diablo 2 in 3d . So if u like diablo u will love this game . Unlike in Diablo u can have a party with up to 8 people or 7 people and 1 mule or 6 people and 2 mules etc. . And theres more custimization in DS.I just beat the game on easy it took me about 25 hours and i didnt explore every single dungeon i saw so its a fairly long game . And if u r playing on normal or hard and u cant get past a certain place u can change the diffuculty while u r playing.There r 3 multipayer worlds the first is for people that just beat the game on single player and want to go online for more quests . The 2nd is for newbies who just got the game and want to go online right away and the 3rd almost all dungeon -LRB- 70 percent -RRB- . Thats about all i know about the game .
 Wow , What a cool game . Totally fun 3d game engine . it has a top down approach but a true 3d world . I love the combat , it is a lot of fun and pretty easy to get the hang of - you can play in real-time game or pause and issue orders . Spells are cool - party system is easy to use.I ca n't tell you mush about the story yet beacause I havent got that far yet.my only gripe is Max resolution is 1024X860 - I have a geforce4 4600 and a 21 inch monitor and I would like to crank it up more . But graphics are great at that res
 I picked this game up at a local store and was a little unsure at first if I was going to like it . I found it easy to play and also incredibly fun . The graphics are awesome and the game play is smooth . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes this sort of game or anyone who is interesting in trying these sorts of games for the first time .
 The following pertains to Gameplay , Controls and Interface , Power Management , Graphics , Sound , Multiplayer , and RPG aspect : Gameplay : A Diablo2 type of `` hack and slash '' . Some hardcore RPG enthusiasts do n't like this too much , but the game makes no secret about it . However , you do n't get the same fighting feeling as you do in Diablo2 . Even though the graphics are better in Dungeon Siege , Diablo2 models and animation looks more real and the action is more convincing . For instance , in Dungeon Siege , when a character takes a swing at a monster , it looks like he misses . You ca n't tell if he hit the mark or not unless you look at the energy meter -LRB- press x to activate energy meters -RRB- or listen closely to a subtly distinct sound . Most things react after the swing ; there seems to be a split second delay.Controls and Interface : If the controls and interface are bad , it frustrates me to insanity and I retire the game -LRB- Baldur 's Gate2 , but that 's another story -RRB- . The controls are mostly Customizable . You can bind keys too many commands . However , I ca n't seem to bind a key to a specific magic item , for example . When I want `` pestilence '' and then quickly switch to `` soul lance '' I do n't want to scroll , I want to use keys . Even when I try to save my weapon configurations , it seems to save it only when it feels like it . Another complaint is the camera movement . Sometimes I want to click on something , the walls are in the way and I get my butt whooped because the game fails to transparent the walls . Furthermore , sometimes the camera locks and I ca n't zoom in or out ; this is typical when you are close to a mountain or some other form of a wall . Also , using the character icons , I click on one to select a character , the camera automatically centers the character on the screen , thus disorienting me and I have to quickly re-calibrate my vision . It throws me off my battle groove . The solution to this is to give the user a choice to center the selected character or not
 I played this game for a few days now . It 's one of the best fantasy games I played make that one of the best comp games overrall , I got this for my birthday and I was so excited.It starts out with you being a farmer you have to kill enemies and you 're given missions in the chapters as you go through the chapters you can get more characters into your fellowship . There are different monsters to defeat in all the different dungeons ! Shopping is probably the best part -LRB- if you have money of course -RRB- I like to make them look buff and awesome ! The downside is that the music kind of creeps me out and i get sort of tired of the dungeons get lost now and then run out of health potions , i start to get a little lonely , and i spend an hour or two on something that is kind of worthless , but play it on the weekends ! Anyway all in all it 's a great game have fun playing it !
 Okay , everyone likes to start with whats good and then talk about what is n't , so i 'll do the reverse-Weak points-The game unfolds in a VERY linear fashion.The game requires no thought whatsoever to learn.There are no character classes ; anyone can be anything.Strong points-Graphics !!!! This is a visually stunning game ! And unlike most games , the closer you zoom in to the action , the better the graphics look!The 3D camera action ! Zoom in to examine a small item in detail , or zoom back out with the scroll of a mouse button to see impressive scenic vistas -LRB- the Cliffs of Fire section is especially inspiring -RRB- . If you are new to RPGs , everything from the Weak Points section.Most importantly , you can make this game do anything!To those who say this game is to basic , or too linear , i say get out and make your own map ! The free Seige Editor allows you to easily re-use components and design your own worlds . The free gmax program allows you to build your own monsters , spells , weapons , etc. . . -LRB- albeit with a much steeper learning curve -RRB- to create a whole new game ! Many modifications of this game are becoming available , meaning that instead of purchasing ONE game you are purchasing a whole bunch ! Think Dungeon Seige should have included sets ? Check out the ` Circle of Lorent ' mod . Think Dungeon Seige should have included different classes and races ? Check out the ` Elemental ' mod . Think Dungeon Seige should have followed D&D 3 ; rules more closely ? Build your own character class and skill set ! Think rule sets are too consticting ? Download the ` lightsaber ' weapon and see how a Jedi would have handled the issue!Basically , Chris Taylor and the ganag tried to create a game that was easy to approach and learn in order to appeal to a wide audience , and they did . At the same time , they built in the most extensive modding capability to date to appeal to hard-core gamers . Buying this game gives you a state-of-the-art gaming engine capable of jaw-dropping graphics to play with!Do not , however , expect this game to run well without 3D hardware acceleration ! I recommend 1 Ghz proc , 256 MB RAM , and a GeForce2 or equivalent as a BARE MINIMUM . FPS can be improved by turning off shadows and lowering object detail on the game menu .
 as a dungeon crawler it 's less than original and light on storyline and a far cry from r.p.g purity , but what it does so well is borrow the best elements from everything and succinctly meld it into pure intuitive and fun game play ... it plays much like a diablo if it were a squad/team game , the versatile 3d camera work angles is remiscent of the myth series games , and within the map view and team based play very remiscent of baldur 's gate ... the 3d graphics and animation should drop your jaw to the floor if you have a system that can run the game with all graphics and audio options maxed out ... the manual is very brief , but it 's quite okay because the game interface is incredibly intuitive and the learning curve is about 30 minutes ... there are a few minor graphics glitches and sound effects are sometimes laughable -LRB- repetitive skeleton bones shattering -RRB- ... the most important tip is to save very often and also remember to delete old files when possible as each save takes about 1 mb of hdd space ... dying is a pain ... and the pack mule comes in handy , but still need more space for the stuff ... regardless of the shortcomings of this game ... you must buy this and play it as soon as possible ... it 's simply the most fun and addictive game that i ever played ... hours feel like a blink of an eye while playing this game ...
 Dungeon Siege -LRB- DS -RRB- is a combat-oriented RPG . You can compare it with Diablo 2 and a bit with IcewindDale . The big difference between Diablo 2 and DS : - DS has great 3D graphics compared with the relativley simple 2D graphics in Diablo 2 . - The most impressive feature is the continuous , integral world
 If your a fan of the Diablo or Baldurs Gate series then you should do yourself a favor and check out Dungeon Siege . This game is basically a cross between Diablo and Baldurs Gate and incorporates features from both games . This game adds new twists on the RPG genre when in that in most RPG 's you choose whatever class you want to be from the start and can not change . In Dungeon Siege this is not so . Your skills and classare determind by how you play.My favorite feature of the game is the fact that once you are inside the game world you do not have to load additional levels . Gone are the loading between levels of Diablo and the disc swapping of Baldurs gate . This is a very good game and one that you will not regret buying .
 A lot of people are commenting that it 's not an RPG and their opinion of it suffers for that . And they 're right , this is n't really an RPG . It 's a dungon crawl with RPG elements . And it 's massively fun ! I 've come back and replayed this several times , as well as the expansion and sequal and various community mods , because it 's a good solid hack 'n slash game . You run around , kill things , and take their stuff . There is a story tieing the sections together and there is a final boss , but the RPG is not the main element.Visually , this is a beautiful game . The character models look dated now , but the environment is really nice and fun to run around in . The soundtrack is awesome and works well with the environment you 're in at any one time . Gameplay is easy to pick up and you can really do a lot with your character as you level up , so replay can be as challenging as you want it to.Overall , I loved this game when it came out , and I still love it today . It was worth replacing when the CD got damaged , and I still fire it up for random hack 'n slash when the mood strikes me .
 I first played this game years ago , and I loved it . As the years passed , and the game went missing , it slipped my mind . But recently it resurfaced , and I recall how much fun I had playing it . So I ordered it again , and am so glad to have it !! I 'd recommend it for anyone who just likes to zone out for an hour , without having to think too much . It 's great fun , nice graphics considering the year it was made .
 This game for all it 's fun , is rather confining . You are n't given the opportunity to rove at will . I really like to be able to go anywhere I want to . In this game you have to go in one direction , fighting a plethora of creatures.The world itself is beautifully done , and the creatures you fight are some of the best around . There was basically no story , you just fight . For those who love a good Hack and Slash , you 'll love this game . I found it exciting at first , but then that 's all you do . No real puzzles to solve , no mysteries . Oh sure , you have the odd ` quest ' now and then , but nothing that really challenges you.I gave this a four star rating because despite the linearness of it , I really enjoyed it .
 When I first played this game , it was at my friend 's place . We were playing Dungeon Siege on a network . At first we had discussed about it , and he told me it was a little like Diablo II . I was n't very excited because of that . -LRB- I do n't like Diablo II 's graphics that much , and the gameplay is not much compared to Dungeon Siege . -RRB- Then my friend decided to download the demo . Since we have n't bought the full game yet . We finished the demo in about an hour and a half . I found the game so much fun , that I decided it was really worth a 5 on 5 . Extraordinary gameplay , the unlimited arrows adds fun to the game . Now we both planned to buy the game this Week-End . I 'm telling you everyone . This is a must have ! RTS and RPG fans will love this game . Even if you 're a FPS style player , you might like this game very much . So have fun everyone !
 I really enjoy the Baldur 's Gate series -LRB- so you know my area of interests -RRB- and I enjoyed Asheron 's Call before it became big.What I really like about this game is that you determine how your skills are accumulated ; it has beautiful scenery , music , and seamless gameplay . The camera angles are very cool , and again , seamless . Alot of detail work went into this . Also , the story itself is pretty neat ... I do n't like that you can not fully control your characters -LRB- round based -RRB- in combat - it 's alot of `` meet monster , attack hack and slash '' . Strategy is tough.If you are looking for a casual game to blow a couple of hours a week on and feel graphics and sound are important this is perfect for you .
 The game is good but it is too short . I finished the game in three days . I expected it to be a little longer . 8 -LRB-
 It 's nice to have a life ; it really is . Wife , kids , golf , tennis ; even writing these things is an enjoyable part of it . It all comes to an end though , when a game like Dungeon Siege comes around . Life ? Sunshine ? Forget it . I do n't want it any more . Give me a computer , a dark room , a shut door , and EVERYBODY GET OUT . Indeed , I fear I begin to resemble the little monsters I so relentlessly slaughter while playing this game.It is a RPG , or role-playing game , which essentially means that you take the part of the primary character during it . In Dungeon Siege the scenario is this
 I normally do n't post reviews but some of these people I 'm seeing dropping 1 star grades on this game are just nuts . They complain that Dungeon Siege is linear and not really an rpg . Guess what - it was n't designed to be . Dungoen Seige is a hack-n-slash . It 's designers wanted everyone who played the game to finish it . They wanted to take the guess work out of rpg 's and make a product all could enjoy . And they did this quite nicely . This game could best be described as a diablo II - very linear , combat heavy game with team based combat and fighting system ala Baldur 's Gate . The story is thin , very thin - by design . If these guys who flame a 1 star on this game would have done 30 minutes worth of reading , they would have known this was n't an epic Baldur 's Gate style game . This game is fighting , item collecting , killing and it 's pure fun.So if you want to kill in mass quantites w / great graphics and a new twist on character creation , buy it . If you want a rich rpg with a gigantic plot and a world to wander about at your whim , do n't . And if you do n't want the latter , do n't slam the game for failing to be that - b/c Dungeon Siege never tried .
 When I first heard that Dungeon Siege was coming out , I , like many , was very excited . I love playing RPG games . After playing about half the game , I am a bit underwhelmed . It is not a bad game , but there is not a whole lot beyond hack and slash.First off , the graphics in this game are incredible . If you want to be stunned by graphics , you may well want the game strictly for the graphics . If it were not so graphically stunning , however , I doubt it would be receiving such high kudos . At times , I am playing the game more to see what the next creature looks like than trying to solve the game.There is basically one path through this game , at least in single player . If you start again , you follow the same path . Unlike games like Baldur 's Gate , where you can go in any direction you wish -LRB- with consequences , of course -RRB- , you do not have choices . You are pretty much a `` rat in a maze '' , trying to get the cheese . Your only real decision is whether to explore every side path , which is a good idea in most instances , as you get stronger . The positive point of this canned approach is you do not have to wait for a new section of the world to be created -LRB- ala Baldur 's Gate -RRB- when you enter a new chapter in the story.The interface takes a bit of getting used to . You have a freeform third person camera angle . If you move your mouse to any edge of the monitor you can watch the battle from a variety of angles . This feature is both extremely cool and extremely irritating , depending on what is going on . In the heat of a particularly dangerous battle , changing angles can change the outcome of the battle for some of your characters . My advice is to practice with the mouse before you get into hot water.Unlike some , I am also fascinated by the new methodology to advancement . In Dungeon Siege , you do not pick a type of character . Instead , your actions create your character . If you fight with melee weapons , you will get a strong fighter . If you focus on magic , you will become a better magician , as well as increase your intelligence . This allows you to easily create a character that can use both weapons and magic.The main strategic point of the gameplay , and a strong point for hands on gamers , is the ability to set different characters to attack differently and quickly change formations . Choosing the proper formation and orders will dramatically alter the game . This point makes the hack and slash nature far more palatable to me , as I do actually have a bit of thought in gameplay.The multi-player game is more fun than the single player , as I get to interact with others on a variety of quests . I also have more choices of where to start -LRB- provided my level is high enough -RRB- , as well as a completely different world -LRB- although there are choices here , as well -RRB- . Summary : Overall average game with excellent graphics and unique interface.Pluses - great graphics , seemless play , flexible character advancement , ability to micro-manage the gameMinuses - forced game path a bit too obvious
 First of all , I 'm a girl . Let 's just make that perfectly clear . I 'm a stereotypical girl , too . Which means I do n't like blood and violence . Deathmatch games make me cry . I get my feelings hurt when someone shoots me with a chain gun . I do n't know how to follow a target . I 'm a camper . And so on , and so on.This game , like Diablo II before it , I really do love . As a magic-user specializing in Nature Magic , and working primarily in multi-player games on our local house LAN with my four other friends , I 'm an integral part of a cooperative party of ranged and melee characters . They ca n't survive without me , and I ca n't survive without them . The sophistication and complexity involved in the cooperative , supportive team-play is very satisfying.I have a Very Fast Computer -LSB- tm -RSB- , so I can run in high resolutions with lots of colors and suffer no framerate problems . -LRB- My god , is this game gorgeous . -RRB- My friends who have less impressive computers enjoy themselves in Single Player mode , but occasionally experience the `` slide show '' effect when there 's five of us and 20 monsters on the screen at once , you know ? We go slowly into new levels , sometimes , to make sure everyone has a chance to load before combat begins , otherwise we have melee people shouting , `` WHERE AM I ? HAVE I LEFT THE DOORWAY ? DO I NEED TO TAKE A POTION ? '' until their screen updates 5 seconds later . So , my recommendation
 Game scheduled for release Q3 of 2001 --------------------------------------------------- Dungeon Siege pushes the envelope of role-playing games with fully animated 3D characters , over-the-top battles , intense special effects and awe-inspiring vertical landscapes . With true 3D environments , an advanced particle system for spells and dungeons that can extend in three dimensions , Dungeon Siege keeps the player focused on the action by providing tools that simplify party combat and management with a broad array of familiar game controls such as drag select , way points and formations.Players can customize their party to include up to eight characters . There are no rules or restrictions , and the player can have any combination of fighters , archers and magic users . Characters join your party as they journey throughout the world - some are hired , others are rescued , and some are brought back from beyond the grave . Lead your party into epic battles against a range of enemies - from marauding hordes to monsters of a scale never before seen in a fantasy role-playing game.Dungeon Siege is engaging yet easy to understand , action-packed yet easy to control , deep and involving yet quick to learn . The skill-based character system plunges you almost immediately into the action , where your skills develop real-time . If treasure is more your focus , grab a pack mule or two . Never again worry about passing on that armor you found because you did n't have enough space.Dungeon Siege will support up to eight players via a local area network -LRB- LAN -RRB- or through the built-in matchmaking server available inside the game . You can take part in both `` short game '' multiplayer experiences such as ` capture the castle ' and the more traditional `` campaign '' style of play.The setting of Dungeon Siege is one gigantic , continuous world where you can seamlessly journey from the highest mountain to the deepest dungeon without ever having to see a loading screen . Discovering fantastic locations to explore - strange and mysterious dungeons , enormous castles and secret underground lairs - you become immersed in the fantasy of the surrounding world.The proprietary Siege Editor in Dungeon Siege gives you the freedom to rework nearly every aspect of the game , making Dungeon Siege not only a game , but also a role-playing platform for those who want to create their own characters , spells , dungeons and even entire worlds . You can post these user-created files to the Web , making them available for anyone to download and explore , or play as a multiplayer game . ---------------------------------------------------
 For those of you unsure of whether or not you will like Dungeon Siege , my recommendation is to download the demo . It gives you quite a bit of gametime and the opportunity to build up a decent number of characters in your party . I loved the demo and went straight out to purchase the game.The graphics are beautiful and the single player game is very engaging . I was a big fan of Diablo but when I bought Diablo 2 I was quite disappointed . I was worried about a similar results with Dungeon Siege but my fears proved unfounded . The single player game is very enjoyable . Unfortunately , it is too lengthy the game does become slightly tedious and repetitive towards the end.The multiplayer game of the version is even larger than the single player game . However , I found lag to be a very big problem and I also spent long periods of time adventuring without finding a single enemy to engage . Dungeon Siege comes with lots of extras , such as the ability to generate your own maps . However , I 'm only reviewing what came in the box.In summary an excellent game with beautiful graphics that gets tedious towards the end , after 30 or so hours of play . Still highly recommended especially to any Diablo fans out there .
 I 'll say this upfront - I 'm a huge , * huge * fan of RPG games , especially the single-player versions . I was n't sure what to expect from Dungeon Siege , but I was completely blown away . The first time through , it gave me about 40 hours of game play -LRB- excluding times when I went back to a previously-saved game because I did something stupid that killed me , -RRB- and during the * entire * time I played this game , IT NEVER CRASHED ! Not once ! Not ever ! This in itself was simply amazing to me.The game is totally customizable , from a character 's appearance to his or her skills . There is an abundance of spells , weapons , armors , and sundry other stuffs to pick up , wear , and sell - perhaps even too many!The sets are astounding in color and design - everything is gorgeous , and the details have been meticulously crafted . There are indigenous wildlife in most areas that add a particularly nice touch , and the ambient sounds are very nice , too . The monsters throughout are fairly varied , and some are damned tough , depending on your party 's skill levels . The packmules are a particularly nice touch - they can carry several times the amount of inventory a regular character can , but take up valuable slots in the team -LRB- one may only have 8 team members . -RRB- Throughout the game , one has the opportunity to add members to the party , and to disband others . Each new member brings different and perhaps valuable skills . One also has the ability to set the party 's and each individual 's attack and movement modes to several different settings.The voice work for the narrator and the NPCs one bumps into is outstanding , and adds a great touch - so often , game producers will throw together a bunch of really bad voice `` talent '' and just hope it flies . Here , though , the deep , melodic voices do n't jolt one out of gameplay to smack one 's forehead . Additionally , the musical score is lovely - not distracting , but not boring and redundant . Perfect , really.The game employs relatively intelligent ghosting logic , but sometimes gets a little wonky when the team is near a wall , and changes the camera 's view to a suboptimal angle.One beef I do have with the game is the magic system - it 's not terribly well-explained in the manual , and takes some bumbling about to figure out how it works . Further , each magician can only equip two spells at a time , and swapping others back and forth into the slots is tedious and time-consuming , usually requiring pausing the game . That really drove me nuts , and caused me not to use most of the spells that came my way . Further , the pop-up `` tool tips '' for each item pop up instantly , and often get in the way when trying to simply look through a spell book . The game would be nearly perfect with a better magic system . One other minor gripe is that the characters will often just stand there under a ranged attack , even with the `` attack freely '' and `` move freely '' options selected.Another excellent feature is that there are no map loads during the game as one switches regions - it 's all pre-loaded , and once game play begins , everything is seamless . Even the cutscenes begin and end without any delays or loading time . Neat!As compared to some other RPG games , such as Summoner , there is no time-consuming , boring , tedious running back and forth between distant locations - the game mostly requires traveling in one direction , toward a distant goal . Only rarely does one have to backtrack to complete a quest , or to sell something . Outstanding.The game uses an autofight system , which is just dandy with me - with a team-based game , it 'd be too difficult to individually control a character * and * keep track of what 's going on around him or her.There is a mega-map showing a larger portion of the region , which comes in very handy , and can also be zoomed in and out to certain levels.Each time I completed a quest , I wondered if the game was coming to an end , and was pleasantly surprised each time a new chapter was added to the game . When it finally did come to an end , I was a little surprised , because the build-up was lacking - one is fighting , and fighting , and runs into a major boss , and suddenly the game is over . Rats ! However , the game does offer the option of `` continuing to play , '' which is pretty much just running around the empty dungeon , and finding an occasional monster that got away the first time.The other option , after defeating the final boss , is to import the characters into a multiplayer game ; however , one ca n't import the neato items gained from defeating the final boss ! ARRRGH ! Instead , the game goes back to the last saved game before that boss and uses the characters and their possessions at that point . * Very * disappointing and frustrating !! Even going back , switching things around , saving and defeating the final boss again does n't change things - it will always be that same inventory from your first runthrough . Grrrr.But other than that , I really loved this game . It 's not terribly cerebral - it 's mostly just a kill/maim/rescue kind of thing that does n't require much thought beyond battle strategy . I 'll probably wait awhile before playing it again , but I 'm sure I 'll find myself back in the Kingdom of Ehb someday.I think anyone who generally likes computer-based RPGs will really enjoy Dungeon Siege - it 's quite a treat . There will also be a sequel coming out , which I 'll be anxious to try . Next is Morrowind - woohoo !
 This game is a great RPG with lots of fun . It has some better things in it than Diablo 2 . In Diablo 2 you only have one player and he/she has only one skill . In Dungeon Siege you get up to 8 players and pick the gender of your character and how he/she looks . On top of that you get to pick what skill you use . Whether you favor sword , bow , battleaxe , or one of the two different types of magic -LRB- nature and combat magic -RRB- , you 'll become an expert at the one you use most.Another thing is it has an exellent story . `` From birth , you 've toiled in the fields , poor yet proud . But the evil Krugs destroyed it all
 The pace of this game is perftect . Fast enoungh to keep you interested but not laking detail . Play is a bit too linear but I have had several sleepless nights playing this one . Characters are easy to move and command . Money well spent .
 The best RPG to date ? Quite possibly ! Easy to play but with enough depth to keep the hard core RPGers interested -LRB- probably -RRB- - it 's kept me amused for hours , anyway.The game itself is really well thought out , all the controls logical and easy to use . The engine is superb , graphics fantastic and gameplay smooth and seamless . Even the camera works properly - near walls , trees etc you can always see the action.Better action than Diablo2 , as complex as Planescape
 When I firs saw this game , I thought it would be like Empire Earth of Age of Empires . I was dead wrong . This game has awesome graphics , awesome gameplay , there 's challenge involved . I would consider it an awesome combination of Gauntlet Legends , Nightmare Creatures , and Quake , only with 100 times better graphics , completely costimizable players , and over 200 weapons and spells ! Exploring this amazing 3-D landscape is practically just as fun as fighting the monsters . And monsters ! This game has the widest assortment of ghouls and creatures I have ever seen , and killing them in engrossing 3-D fights is half the fun . Personally , I think that the people who say this game is bad should see a neurologist , because I have never seen a more engrossing game in my computer game history .
 I must admit , I bought this game because of the beautiful screenshots on the back . Usually when I do this I 'm disappointed with the game . Not this time , though . What I found was a story and game every bit as appealing as the graphics . Dungeon Siege was definitely worth the money.This is your typical farm-boy-to-hero scheme . Along the way , you find more weapons and encounter people willing to join you in your quest . You develop the character the way YOU want to , and there 's no restraint on the way you develop him -LRB- unlike Diablo -RRB- . This is a great aspect , because if you start a character and decide you do n't like the way he 's going , you do n't have to start a new one -- you just change gears and develop him another way.Another great part of this game is the enormous variety of weapons and spells . There is always something new to discover as you mercilessly slaughter every monster imaginable . Most notably are the summon spells , everything from a scorpion when you 're weak to a drake or lava monster when you 're strong.DS does very well in the single player department , and this because of its superb party control . You can have up to 8 in your party -- mages , archers , melee fighters -- even a donkey to haul your stuff -LRB- if you 're a pack-rat like me -RRB- . The first time you go through this game is incredible , and there 's always the chance you can encounter -LRB- or hire -RRB- different characters the next time around.Multi-player is also great in DS . In this mode you only control one character , but you can join a party with up to 8 . There are many bugs in MP , it is true -LRB- the foremost being that your game is paused every time a new player enters the game -RRB- , but it is still very enjoyable . There is a different world to explore , and a lot of big creatures to fight.Speaking of the big creatures , they are worth mentioning . It is truly a lot of fun to go on a quest after one of these monsters . My favorite is the fury , the great , hovering demon that strikes terror into the heart of the stoutest warrior . The gigantic red dragon is also fun to defeat.So why 4 stars , why not 5 ? Well , the game does have some flaws . First , the single player campaign does n't have a lot of replay ability . Once you 've gone through a couple of times , its pretty much old news . Since the multi-player mode has only one other world -LRB- at least last I knew -RRB- , it too can become a bore . Quests in MP are almost non-existent , and the game is reduced to killing stuff.Don ' t get me wrong , I like killing stuff . It 's one of my favorite things to do in a fantasy game . But MP mode would benefit from more quests . Who knows , maybe in an expansion?All in all , this game is a must-have for anyone who loves RPGs . Buy this game , and you 'll find yourself more involved then you know !
 I was very excited about getting this game , after I read so many glowing comments in various pc gaming magazines.So I bought it the moment it came out , and have been playing single and multiplayer off and on ever since.The graphics are extremely gorgeous , and the creatures are pretty cool , too.The background music fits the action/atmosphere perfectly.I think this is the most stunningly beautiful game I have ever seen/played . My complaint ? As with most other games of this genre , after a while , it gets to be boring slashing and hacking away constantly , with no let up in sight . I have my characters stats built up to a reasonable level , and then can drink coffee while they efficiently kill off all the monsters . I would like it to have been a little more challenging , ala `` Clive Barker 's Undying . `` Although it is easy to play and win this game , I think the reason I keep at it is because the thing looks so amazing , and sounds so good.And the multiplayer world is even more beautiful , if that 's possible.So , all in all . . I am glad I got the game , and the developers should certainly win some awards for what they accomplished . . but I wish it had been just a little tougher to play.I will stick with it , though , to see what new and cool creature pops up on the horizon next.BTW
 Dungeon Siege was one of the most anticapated games of E3 2001 . It had beautiful graphics , beautiful landscapes , the gameplay was simplified , making it a different , more enjoyable RPG , and the sound effects were great . Now , finally , the wait is over . I picked up Dungeon Siege at EB Game World , and here is what I have to say about DS : Dungeon Siege , I think , is definetely revolutionary . There are so many great things , that no one would think of putting into an RPG , that truely make this game an experience . The graphics are on a 3d world , not a grid or map . There are pack mules , which , quite geniously , have a large inventory to cary your extra items . The sound effects are great , with the help of Creative 's EAX . Lastly , dungeon siege is very flexible , letting you change your mind on the fly.The graphics in Dungeon Seige are incredible . There has never been an RPG out yet that has as good a graphics engine as DS . It is not on a map or grid , but in a 3d rendered world . I also enjoy the fact that I have never seen a loading screem , and never will , thanks to the engine.The Packmules are genious ! Every RPG should have something like a packmule for now on . The packmules are great . They have 3 times the inventory size of your character , making it easy to cary many excess items , that you may have use for later on . They are also very smart . The AI is literally very good . When you get into a battle , the pack mule will run away until the battle is over , and it will then come back . Also , if the mule gets attacked by an enemy , it will kick it . Although this is good , it is n't very strong . You still have to watch your little packmule to see what kind of trouble it gets into . If a swarm of enemies like a swarm of fireshooting krugs , it will most likely be trapped , thus making you be the one to save it.With the help of Creative 's EAX , dungeon siege has the best sound effects I have ever heard in a computer game . I also enjoyed the background music . The music would have decreshendos and creshendos , making the game more exciting . It is like being in a horror movie!The gameplay for DS is also great ! You only have to click once to kill an enemy !!! Finally ! My hands will not fall assleep from clicking and clicking repetively to kill an enemy like in Diablo 2 ! This is a great feature , but another good feature in gameplay is the flexibility . Chris Taylor , the creator and leader of Gas Powered Games , has made the game so flexible , that you can change your mind on the fly . In the beginnning of the game , you start out as a farmer , not noing much of any skill , like melee , range , or combat and nature skills . You are basically equal in evrey aspect , but very low . It is not in D2 , where you chose someone with different skills , different attacks , and different weapon choices . No . In DS , you develope your character as you go along . You choose wheather you want to be a mage , or a melee weapon user , or an archer . That is all up to you . You can even say , `` Well , I have enough archers in my party , so I want to have a combat and nature mage . '' You have 8 people in your party , so it is always easy to change people around without having to many of one skill.Downsides , yes , there are some downsides to the game . First off , the game is very brainless . You just go into the cave filled with monsters , find that the entrance/exit is blocked off , need to find the other caved filled with monsters , go into endless rooms filled with the same creatures , and exit it , and then blow up the entrance , or whatever.I was surprised to hear this , but I have heard from people farhter in the game than me that there are vehicles , grenades , and guns . Now , I have no idea what time this game takes place in -LRB- there is not much of a story line , i will talk about that next -RRB- , but to the looks , this game takes place in mid-evil times . But you have to remember that you can be a woman , and at mid-evil times , people did not have women fighting -LRB- no offense to any woman out there reading this -RRB- , so this game could take place in the future . Who knows.Like I mentioned above , there is absolutely no story line to the game . There is a short cinematic in the beginning , saying how the kingdom of Ehb -LRB- where the game takes place -RRB- is peaceful , and then some monsters come and terrorize it . Next thing you know , your friend dies infront of you , and then the game begins.So , all in all , this game is revolutionary , but I do n't know if people will be playing this game for a long time . You should still buy this game because it is revolutionary , and it is very fun . I am just going to warn you that many serrious RPG gamers will not appreciate this game . Most people will find it enjoyable , but , according to your own tastes , it will depend on how long you like the game and play it .
 Dungeon Siege is probably the absolute best game that I have played on the computer in a long time . There are many pros to this game . First , the character development system is great . You can design your character how you want too . Once you train in one style -LRB- melee , range , etc. . . -RRB- you are not limited just to that style . The graphics and sound are fantastic . I never knew how much loading times and `` zoning '' bothered me until I played DS and it does not have them . It is by far the smoothest playing game -LRB- graphically speaking -RRB- I have played . The separate multiplayer campaign , plus being able to play the single player campaign in multiplayer , makes it seem like 3 games in one . For this reason alone , this game is worth the money . A word of warning
 If you are a big fan of Diablo II , then this game is a must have . It plays very similarly to the afformentioned title with the notable exceptions being the linear game world , the multiple character parties , the excellent graphics , and the skill tree -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- . The linear game world both adds and detracts from the game as it allows for much more interesting level architecture , but limits replayability . The multiple character parties -LRB- up to 8 -RRB- are awesome , as it allows you to have multiple people in your group each specializing in a specific combat discipline . The graphics are better than just about any game out right now , at least on my system -LRB- I have a Athlon 1800 + , GeForce 2MX -RRB- . The skill tree though is the one area I think could have been done better with some kind of research tree akin to Diablo II 's , although the fact that any kind of character can specialize in any type of combat is interesting and adds replayability . I highly recommend this game . Buy it right now !
 It 's true that this game is a little short of character development , but I think it more than makes up for it in depth of detail , and it seems to be made by folks who cared about how it came out . One example
 I 've been playing video games since the late 1970 's and have played many games across most systems , and I can safely and heartly recommend this game.It combines very nice graphics , decent sound and a good challenge with what matters most of all
 This is the best RPG game I have ever played . The Graphics and sound are incredible ! The inventory and group controls are very easy . Unfortunently , my Dungeon Siege CD was destroyed by my dog . But the hours I played this were some of the best I ever spent in front of the PC .
 When i first started playing the game i was amazed the graphics were unbeleavable , they were detailed and were clear . As i went through the game iw as also amazed by the sound it was clear and it was amazing . After i made it 1/4 of the way through the game though i was dissapointed for one reason ... the story . The plot in this game is very thin you have to find out why the things attacked and what is behind the attack , thats about it there are n't really any plot twists or anything just find out why this is happening . Another reason why it was a little dissapointing is that after a while the click and hack style of fighting gets a little old because there really isnt much to it.The only way i really enjoy playing this game anymore is when im playing online with my friends otehr then that the game gets incredibly boring . I would suggest this game to epople who dont really look for storylines in a game or those who have someone to play with online otherwise stay away from this game
 This is a good hack-n-slash game that is slightly better than Diablo 2 . Howvever it is not as long a campiagn as Diablo 2 . would recommend this to anyone that likes Diable 2 .
 Microsoft has doen a great job with this game making it easy to pick up and hard to put down ! One of the best things about the game is watching your pack mule fight ! Judo Kick !
 I have played alot of D&D back when dirt was young . Since then I grew up , had kids of my own , and watch them play D&D games that had whole different rules then when I played.I was truely unimpressed with many of the computer games to date , many were too difficult to understand how to make a correct character or were first person shooters . This game takes care of that yes it is somewhat mindless going from monster to monster but where this game exceeds is the multiplayer.I enjoyed the scenery and the point of view , the large map and the zoom on both . The game itself has some merit but the story line is thin.I am sick of first person shooters , I hope this game will be enjoyable to you as it was for me .
 It 's like Diablo II with much better graphics . However , it can get tedious at times -LRB- just like Diablo II -RRB- and its `` role playing '' elements are fairly light . I still enjoy it a lot and recommend it to anyone who liked Diablo II !
 This game is quite simply the best RPG and best video game I 've ever played . I thought Eternal Darkness was my favorite game but I 'm 3/4th of the way through Dungeon Siege and it has taken the top spot in my list of favorites.Playing this game is like stepping into another world . It 's like being in Middle Earth or having Dungeons and Dragons made real . My only complaint is the interface being a bit clunky when I 'm trying to move all 8 characters around in dungeons.However the graphics are nothing short of spectacular!The game is long too . I 've already put in close to 30 hours worth of exploring and fighting into this game and I 'm only 75 % of the way through the game.I 've read some reviews where people thought the game was boring after playing it for the first hour . This may be true early in the game when your characters ca n't do very much . However eventually when you have all kinds of spells available then battles become much more challenging . Many times you need to change from using archers to fighting with melee weapons or switching to spells depending on the enemies you 're fighting and the environment . Later on it takes strategy to win battles . At least for me it does because I have a small party of 4 warriors and 4 pack mules.Once you 've cleared an area it 's also nice to zoom out , and walk around and just take in the beauty of this cyber world . : -RRB- Very fun game .
 When I wrote my first review of this game I had only played the demo which is the first few levels . I knew I had to buy the game after playing the demo because the graphics were that good.Well now I 'm much further into the game and I must say this is a awesome game . The attention to detail is amazing . You can zoom in and see the flowers and bushes and then zoom out and see the tops of the tree tops . You can zoom in and see the detail of a picture on the wall and then zoom out and see the whole house.Truly this is a graphic masterpiece of a video game!And it 's fun to play!The sound effects are good and the music is very good but I wish the monsters made a wider variety of sounds . Hearing `` Kurg ! '' gets very very boring.Gameplay is very nice . The interface can be a bit cumbersome at times but then in most games of this complexity it usually is . It 's good that you can reprogram the hotkeys on the keyboard . This is definately not a game to be missed if you 're into RPG 's . This is a very good game.Note you need a good PC to run this game . On my Pentium 4 with 256megs of RAM it works wonderfully but on my 2 older PCs it did n't have the graphic detail that it had on my new PC .
 This game has great graphics and almost no bugs . The single player game , although it lacks a storyline , is great . The multiplayer is also really fun . The best thing about multiplayer is that it 's fast , even with a 56K modem .
 I am a Zelda fan . I love RPG games . Although I never really got involved with many games of this type , and certainly never finished them , I really LOVE DS !! I really want to finish it , to see every conrner of this beautiful game ! Its 10/10 graphics and sound make this game unbelievable . The only problem I found with it , is its lack of story . Another incredybly good point about it , is its character control . Maybe for a lot of gamers it will be difficult to adapt to , but the most you use a weapon , the most you get proficient with it . Let 's say you equip a guy with nothing but large wizard scepters . The most he uses them , he will be able to throw spells from it , and do swing it around like some sort of ninja . The detail level is simply awesome ! I woul recommend this game to anyone who likes to focus on action , graphics , sound and beauty of a RPG game , instead of worrying about what to upgrade what . Really EXellent
 I 've only played the Trial Version of Dungeon Siege so far , but I still have a lot to say about it.I 'd like to start off by saying that the character modeling was very smooth and precise unlike some games where the character models have ending points on the different parts of the body.The graphics for Dungeon Siege are incredible because not only are there about over 10 different types of scenarios that you enter during the game but the graphics for each melee/range/staff weapon are very high quality with very precise artwork done . I especially like the graphical effects for the over 100 spells that you can learn and find because each spell has a different graphical effect to it , and they are so incredibly complex it looks like the whole screen is changing colors for every second of the spell , which I think is awesome.The amount of different items and different varities of monsters in the game really makes the game funner to play ... Dungeon Siege has about 100 different monsters that you encounter , and each of them or more complex than the previous ... I 'd like to add that the character statistics were poorly done because you only have about 4 skills to improve on , depending on what type of character you want to become . Despite this downfall , I still think they did the character statistics well.The music for the game is incredible because if your about to enter a sub-boss/boss or a super monster , the music will start to get a bit louder , and you can feel the chill going down your body . I really like this musical effect because it keeps you constantly paying attention the game every second , especially when those intense musical backgrounds kick in.I think they should have put in atleast 5 different characters to choose from at the start of the game so that the game can fit each different type of player . And the choosing between a Male and Female character I think is worse then Diablo I because in Diablo I you had the option of choosing a Warrior or a Sorceress while in Dungeon Siege you only have the option of choosing from between a Male and a Female . Even though this part of the game probably was n't concentrated on that much , I still think they should have made a effort to add atleast a couple of different character classes to choose from.I know this is n't that important , but I was really impressed with how they designed the Dungeon Siege title where a sword goes the the `` iege '' part of Siege , and , in the process , makes an explosion effect while going through the letters.Even though this is a rather new game , I still think hacking should be stopped immediately because who really wants to play with someone that is the highest level possible , with all of the best stats , items , weapons , and spells . I think the makers of Dungeon Siege should make it so that ever server can detect whether a player is hacking or not , and if they are hacking , they are immediately banned from the server and prohibited from playing Dungeon Siege for 7-21 days.Overall , I 'd recommend this to any age except children 5 and under . I 'll end my review by saying that this game is a step in the right direction for advanced Graphics , Character Modeling , Scenario Editing , Level Designing , and Object Designing ...
 A perfect 10The game controls are smooth and responsive . The graphics are great with many outdoor and dungeon areas to explore . The characters grow in their ability to use weapons , armor and magic . The plot is absorbing with numerous side quests . I think Dungeon Siege is a lot of fun and certainly represents the next level of RPG games . A Real Winner !
 I agree completely with ... review and have already recommended this game to anyone who will listen . Like her , I am a girl who loves RPG 's , is n't into PVP , and likes to explore . I also really liked Diablo II , and am a magic user . This game is FABULOUS -LRB- beautiful , user-friendly , fun to play -RRB- ! So far , I 've played in single-player mode , and have yet to be disappointed . The game is completely stable . It has n't crashed once -LRB- unlike Baldur 's Gate -RRB- . The auto-arrange feature in inventory is terrific . I can spend more time playing and less time juggling items around . There is also a feature that allows you to pick up all items on the ground with the push of one button , which adds to gameplay time . What a great game !
 this is a great game ! iv wanted it for ages and i finally might get it ! i urge you to buy this game for all who are reading this !
 This game is like another version of everquest , with no monthly fee and an offline play system . however , i would like more than 8 players in a group , and more variations of monsters .
 this is an old microsoft gas powered game but it arrive in excellent conditionjust as good as dungeon siege 2 great fun thank you .
 Let me just say that as old as this game is , Dungeon Siege is still an amazing and fun rpg game to play . I thoroughly enjoyed the visual environments , very creative and artistic . Plus , the soundtrack of Jeremy Soule is brilliant . His music works so well and helps bring the game to life . If rpg games are your thing then Dungeon Siege is the game for you . The game play and user interface is easy to use and if you are into modding your game play , then websites like Siegenetwork.com provide all kinds of helpful mods and additions for your gaming experience . One mod I found helpful called , backpack , increases the size of your characters inventory in order to carry more items.Dungeon Siege is a winner , get this game .
 Nice graphics & sound . Slight issues with Windows Vista , but overall a fun game to play . I 've been playing for almost 13 hours and do n't even think I 'm halfway through the game yet .
 I 'm a choosey computer Gamer , but found Dungeon Siege to be a blast ! It is visually stunning , the music is beautiful , and the character selection fun . It even runs without requiring a juiced up Video Card . -LRB- Mine only has 8 MB -RRB- < < Big Sigh of Relief >> Plus , there are equal number of male and female avatars to play with , and infinite number of character combinations overall . -LRB- A big plus for female gamers who are often short-changed in this area -RRB- . Yea , I grant you it has a rather simple plotline , but you hardly notice it , as your party pours into each successive room filled with monsters.Microsoft has another winner on its hands!My main and only gripe , is the avatars can be rathersimilar looking as the game progresses , which makes it a challenge to determine who is who ! -LRB- And , As usual , make sure to check the minimun system requirements before purchasing this game ! -RRB- Happy Dungeon Sieging . = - -RRB-
 If you are a fan of the Diablo games , this one 's for you . The graphics are stunning , the interface is very intuitive , and the classless character development system is refreshing . There are a lot of cool touches in this game , such as the pack mule , no loading screens when moving between areas , and only drinking what you need from a potion bottle . Siege is what Diablo II should have been.If you are fan of Icewind Dale/Baldur 's Gate , you might be disappointed with Siege . The story element is very light , and roleplaying opportunities are almost nonexistent . Dialog is a one sided affair only.However , Dungeon Siege delivers as an exciting , action-packed game that should make you and the folks at Blizzard take notice .
 I first played Dungeon Seige as a demo . It was pretty much just the first level , but I was able to let a couple of characters join me on my quest , and I even bought a pack mule . I was so impressed with the demo , I rushed out and bought the full version . I bought it at the same time I purchased Morrowind , and I like this game so much better . However , eventually I started playing Morrowind a lot more , and suddenly Dungeon Seige did n't seem so special anymore . However , it was the game that got me interested in RPGs . Before this , I was pretty much just playing first person shooters like Doom and Serious Sam , so this was a welcome change for me . I could choose my character 's sex ! I could choose her hair color ! What she wore ! I named her ! And the graphics were great . At first , I was a little annoyed with the point-and-click-to-where-you-want-your-character-to-go feature , but it did allow for multiple camera angles , which was good . My other complaint is the fighting . Ok , there is a really big snow monster . Now , just watch as your characters do the work for you . You do n't even have to click the mouse button to make them battle . I was n't used to that . While I guess that can be nice at times , it 's also a little boring . Of course , while your characters are fighting , you do have stuff to keep you busy
 Dungeon Siege is one of the most addictive games I have ever played . Addictive to the point that you 'll realize you 're suddenly more committed to the game than the rest of your life ! lolSeriously , it is a gorgeous RPG . While I 'm not usually into this genre of computer gaming , I have been drawn to Dungeon Siege . I 've noticed that hours go by playing it . The controls are as simplistic as they are intuitive -- a real plus . The game 's plot is not very deep , but if you care to read the books you pick up along the way , and if you pay attention to the cutscenes , you 'll understand the storyline . Depending on your personal style of play , this may or may not appeal to you.There have been numerous complaints about how this game is just a very pretty hack and slash . I would tend to disagree with that statement . The graphics are beautiful . The gameplay is fun , and what you really end up doing is walking through wilderness and dungeons , slaying monsters . HOWEVER , it 's not like the Diablo series , where you control one character . Dungeon Siege is really about large party management -LRB- you can control up to 8 characters -RRB- . This becomes a real challenge deeper into the game . It also requires planning on the gamer 's part . In that way , it plays out a bit like a strategy game . It 's not what I 'd call difficult , but it 's not a cakewalk , either.The reason I do not give it a full five stars is because I have found a few issues with camera control . That , and the gameplay can seem to get a bit monotonous in parts . Overall , however , I 'd recommend it to anyone new to the RPG genre -LRB- or anyone who is casually interested in the genre -RRB- . If you 're a hardened vet from games like Baldur 's Gate or Neverwinter Nights , Dungeon Siege could very well be a mixed bag for you because the latter does n't have the same depth of detail to character building . Proceed with caution .
 I 've played a lot of real-time RPGs -LRB- Diablo 1 & 2 , Darkstone , Arcanum , Baldur 's Gate 1 & 2 , Torment , Icewind Dale , etc. -RRB- , but in terms of overall fun , this game is definitely the best . A friend of mine said `` Looks like Diablo 2 . '' Then he played it . The only thing he 's said about it since then is `` This is so fun ! `` Graphically , the game can be compared to Darkstone , the only other real-time RPG I 've seen . The graphics are much better than Darkstone 's graphics.Gameplay wise , this game is head-and-shoulders above Diablo 2 and Darkstone . Many not-fun parts of those games have been fixed in this game . For example , in those games , you can only control one or two characters . In Dungeon Siege , you have a personalized main character , can pick up a few characters for free during the game , hire characters to join your group , and even buy donkeys to carry extra loot too and from your battles and dungeon crawls . Another problem with other games is load times and other breaks between scenes . Dungeon Siege is continuous - the only loading screen you see is when you start the game . When you enter a dungeon or city , you just walk in - there is no break . This is a great benefit to the overall fun of the game . The skill system is very easy to use and makes sense . The skills you use , you improve on . It really works to develop your characters ' abilities in a logical way according to what they do in the game.Overall , this and Red Alert 2 are the games I keep going back to no matter what else I start playing . I give this game 5 starts simply because that 's the highest rating allowed , and this game deserves every star I can give it .
 I did n't realize Dungeon Siege was a good game until a few years after I played it . It begin to dawn upon me that I did have a few unique and different experience with Dungeon Siege than I have with other average RPG games . I ignored those experience and concluded that the game was n't good enough , but then I now know that it does have the some unique characteristics and differences . As for how entertaining the game was , I 'd say that at first the game is BORING . If you 're playing a single playing mode of kingdom of Ehb you start out as a farmer with very little equipment . You 'll start fighting these annoying Krugs who do n't seem like the worthy opponents as well as the mosquito bugs that annoyingly flies around you . But as you progress through the game you might find yourself addicted to it . The various types of armors , weapons , and magic will become your major incentive in the game . You 'll travel around the world hacking and slashing your opponents to gather gold , and sometimes you go beneath the dungeons to find a few treasures so you would have enough money to buy items . The traveling is another part of the addiction . As you travel around , you 'll be curious enough to ask yourself what kind of items do merchants sell in the next town . Since you already have what you need from the current town you would want to go to the next to get more . Another incentive in this game is the exploration . The Peninsula map in Dungeon siege for example is HUGE . I played at least 24 hours total -LRB- If I can correctly recall -RRB- , and I 'm still around lvl 33 , and I have n't even explored the world completely . I probably only traveled probably around 1/3 of the world . Again you 'll probably be curious enough to ask yourself if there are other parts of the world that 'll catch your interest . The only uniqueness and differences I found within the game are obviously these
 Ever since the Diablo series came out , there were wanna-bes of that type of RPG . A lot of the wanna-be Diablo games turned out to be worse than Diablo it self . But , when Dungeon Siege was released in 2002 , it managed to be a great RPG and wanna-be Diablo -LRB- no , ca n't even say it because of a few reasons -RRB- :1 . Even though the graphics are dated , it still looks nice . I never said , `` Wow , nice graphics '' to a game that is a little old -LRB- except for the first Crash Bandicoot installment which had some great graphics for the PS1 console -RRB- . Also the environment is well thought of , you 'll be exploring forests , deserts , arctic , and more importantly DUNGEONS -LRB- hence the name Dungeon Siege -RRB- .2 . The game manages to be exciting and here is why
 Although I 'm writing this review more than a year after purchase , Dungeon Siege is still fresh on my mind.The good : - easiest to use and most comfortable interface and in-game camera in ANY RPG I have ever played-storyline is entertaining-diverse , challenging enemies and situations-skill system is simple and does n't require much planning-graphics are decent , excellent 3d engine-almost no `` Loading ... '' screens at all-you can customize the way your character looksThe bad : - skill system limited , lacking-story is not that great-no video cinematics -LRB- all are in-game -RRB- As far as gameplay , this game involves a lot of journeying to new places . In fact , you always have to go somewhere . It gets a little tiresome around the middle . There is an element missing from the story because you never see many `` innocents '' or average people , only monsters and a dozen NPC 's . It needs some scenes of towns with people to give a feel of what nation it is you 're part of and defending.The skill system allows you to gain experience based on your USE of certain magic or weapons . After a time you gain strength for using melee weapons , or dexterity for using ranged . When using magic , intelligence is raised using nature magic , for example.This skill system is a very odd departure from the usual sort of system where the user is usually given a choice to allocate these things manually . That 's a negative , IMO , because it simplifies the gameplay to too great a point and it limits the types of characters you can expect to make.The only other major issue I have with the game is there are NO combat skills . The only thing melee characters do is SWING , and that 's so boring after a while ! If you use magic there are lots of spells , but magic is n't that strong.It retains some element of fun until the very end . At the end though , you feel like trying to run past all the enemies because it 's so boring to sit there and hack on them . The last boss is interesting and challenging , but the enemy group you fight is generally a dissapointment . They 're not scary , they 're almost cute . I thought the spiders kept me on edge more than the Seck .
 I 've played numerous Fantasy RPG 's , and few have fired my imagination and awe right out of the box like Dungeon Siege has . I tip my hat to you folks at GPG.The graphics are THE BEST to date . The seamless travel between areas is both refreshing and at the same time totally unnoticed.I 've only played the single person game so far , but I 'm looking forward to trying the online multiplayer game.I have to give 'em TWO THUMB 'S UP !!! ...
 Dungeon Siege is an astounding piece of work . Every aspect , from graphics to game flow to character development , is fluid . As noted before in other reviews , there are quite a few new ideas that were implemented and work beautifully . A fully continuous world where going from outside to inside back outside again is one smooth action . Inventory shuffling helps immensely , and even allows for inventory to be reshuffled at will.I never experienced any lag or stuttering of camera angles -LRB- probably because my machine is amply equipped , unlike the other reviewers here -RRB- . The fact that combat commands and tendencies can be planned and set BEFORE combat -LRB- the preferred method in REAL LIFE -RRB- allows for your party to react competently when you , the player , can not . Statistics go up as they are used . Know what that means ? If your Strength is improving , Strength is what goes up -LRB- not `` well I 'd rather my Dex went up '' . -RRB- Does n't work that way , now does it ? Want Dex to go up ? Try developing it . The only thing I would have liked to have seen added is an option to `` attack furthest target '' to make better use of archery.By the way , Diablo II is not an RPG ... there is no role-playing aspect to it . It might as well be labeled as a fighter game .
 Unlike Japanese RPGs that emphasize love puppies over real heroes , Chris Taylor 's latest work is a masterpiece . The graphics is simply the best I have seen -- ok , I 'm still waiting for my Morrowind for Xbox and the graphics there is supposed to be pretty awesome -- but it 's the gameplay that makes this a must-have for people who appreciate good ol' American RPGs.Some of commented on the `` lame '' plot , but I think it 's actually a solid story -LRB- written by the guy who authored a book on developing RPGs -RRB- The controls are very easy to learn , and the overall `` feel '' of the game is just right . The combat can get intense but not overwhelming , although at times the camera can use some improvement . I 'm still playing it so I do n't know when I 'll finish , but I do n't suppose it 's as long -LRB- or boring ! -RRB- as a Final Fantasy X.Is this a worthy title ? I think so . There 's a lot to explore and experience in the game , and I find myself looking forward to getting back to the game ... right now .
 I 'm not the hugest fan of these RPG type games , I 'm more of a builder -LRB- I can spend DAYS playing SimCity -RRB- ... BUT . . after I finally bought a decent computer , I got this game as a gift , and ... . WOW!BEAUTIFUL graphics ... absolutely stunning . Very real feeling , there are sounds that move appropriately around your speakers as your character moves , and the foliage swaying gently in the breeze is really trippy.My only comparison is Diablo , this game goes way past what Diablo had to offer . The packmule is a great asset -LRB- in fact you can get at least two -RRB- . I noticed even the mule turns it 's head with you as you sway the `` camera '' back and forth surveying an area . These kinds of details just thrill me.The only major drawback I have found is that I get lost easily . The `` big map '' does n't do much , I ca n't seem to scroll past where my character actually is , even if I 've been through the area before , so it makes it rather difficult to complete the missons . -LRB- I suppose I should note that I get lost easily in real life too , so I guess it could just be me , lol -RRB- I also miss the `` Town Portal '' feature Diablo had , but when you stack up all the goodies in Dungeon Siege against the few detractors , it comes out much heavier on the good stuff.If you liked Diablo , you 'll just adore this game .
 I guarantee that the initial rush and the first week addiction this game gives you will be satisfying . The graphics are almost flawless . The is a smooth transition from scene to scene without game stops for loading . The scenery is fantastic and some settings , for example the beaches , are superior to anything yet released.The greatest strength of the game is the combat system . First , it allows your party to operate in various formations such as line , double line , column , double column , wedge and circle . One can place weaker and stronger characters where they are best suited . Then one can give the entire party , or even each individual character , one of 27 different attitudes . Each attitude controls how freely that character will move , how aggressively they will attack , and wether they will target the nearest , strongest or weakest enemy . Finally , the system allows one to quickly and easily change from ranged to close combat weapons . The result of all this is that one can get quite involved in arranging one 's party to maximize its performance depending on the current opponent . The best setup to fight a single very powerful opponent like a dragon will not be the best setup to fight a large group of goblins which would include goblins with ranged weapons.The second most enjoyable part of the game is shopping . After each stage , one finds a merchant from whom one can purchase improved armor , weapons , and spells to supplement what one finds . There is an almost endless number of magic items , each of which has slightly different bonuses . In the early stages of the game , when money is tight and one can only afford a few items , there is an interesting choice of which item is the best choice to enhance the party.To make the most of the excellent combat system , the designers put a huge number of bad guys in the adventure . One might slay perhaps 5,000 enemies completing the game . This is not an exaggeration . One will encounter new foes for every 30 seconds of travel . There are no lengthy mazes and empty wildernesses in this game and almost every cave or room in any dungeon is occupied.The combat is a challenge . One will find it necessary to flee on a number of occasions . Unless you watch your step , hold numerous healing potions , throw protection spells and fight like mad , your entire party can and will die in lots of nasty places in lots of nasty ways . The '' Hard '' difficulty setting is very very difficult.Dungeon Siege is fight a lot , move a little , fight a lot , move a little . If you love combat , this game is for you and you will love every minute of it . However , if you are looking for complex quests , NPC character development , tricky puzzles and difficult mazes , this game is not for you . The quests are straight forward and sometimes earn you an almost trivial reward . The NPC 's are interchangeable parts and you will discard party members when a better character offers his or her service.Dungeon Siege is good value for the money . It will take 50 + hours to complete the '' normal '' difficulty level , even more for the '' hard '' level.Read the system requirments on the box before you buy . If your system is not up to date , the game may crawl . At times , one may have 8 characters and 20 monsters battling with arrows , spells and swords against a complex background . If you system is not fast with an up to date graphics capability , the action will slow.For the parents out there , one can set the game to exlcude blood , gore and dismemberment . As a final note , this combat system would make an excellent game if applied to post WWII to modern squad level combat . One of you wiz kid , gen X'ers out there adopt it for us and we old timers will be glad to buy it .
 I am quite simply , blown away by this game . The graphics , music and game play are just incredible ! The transistions from one environment to another happen seemlessly . You will never see a screen stating that the game is `` loading '' . It NEVER happens . When you enter a dungeon or building you will notice that the environment you just left , the outdoors , simply fades away as the new environment fades in . This is cool to watch but it has the unfortunate effect of preventing me from getting any sleep or food!I have been a fan of PC RPGs for a number of years and used to play D&D. ; However , this is by far the most fun I have ever had playing a game . This is due , in large part , because you do not have to be bothered by things such as sleep , food , torches , arrows , etc. . If you have a bow , you simply select the weapon and attack !! You also do n't have to `` sleep '' to memorize spells , like you do in some other games , but you do have to have enough mana to cast the spell . Mana and health regenerate simply by staying alive and away from combat . Although these features might take away from the `` realism '' of the RPG , I believe this has the benefit of allowing you to become totally imersed in the story by removing annoying details.There are a huge number of magical items to be found and places to explore . However , on of my few complaints about the game is that you are not truly free to explore the entire world . This is because the world you inhabit is U-shaped so you 're limited in your searching . This limitation has you going from point A to B to C , etc. but not from A to C or from A to R for that matter . At times you get the feeling that you are being forced to go somewhere you would rather not go . However , this is overcome by the georgous graphics , intense combat and truly amazing musical soundtrack . At times I felt like I was creating a movie.Character development , although somewhat shallow in the beginning , is determined by your game play . If you want a fighter , simply equip the melee weapon and start fighting . Your characters strength and dexterity will increase the more you fight . However , you are free to start using spells at any time after you acquire a spell book and some spells . Then equip the spells and start attacking . Your intelligence will start increasing and you will then develop a wizard that retains all the melee skill . Then switch back to melee or a ranged weapon and ... well , you get the idea . There is no limit to your switching . If you are used to the limitations in D&D ; and other PC RPGs , where your abilities are limited by your class and race , this is an interesting and fun feature.One word of warning , this game is a hog ! I have a 1.4 Ghz AMD with 256MB Ram and a GeForce 3 card with 64Mb and it will slow way down when I turn everything up . I have seen frame rates as low as 12 - 14 FPS . I actually keep all the details turned up pretty high and usually have around 20 - 25 FPS . I have not installed this on my old computer so I have no idea how it would look or play . If you have older equipment , check some of the other reviews before you buy this game.I highly recommend this game but only if you have plenty of time to burn . This game might not `` adhere '' to standard D&D ; rules but who cares . I 'm looking for a diversion from my life and an imersive story to capture my imagination and this game delivers ! ... This is truly a new and exciting way to create games !!
 Wow ! What an amazing game . You better make sure you get off to a good start and select the right characters and weapons for your quests because if you mess it up your in for a hard time.The gameplay is wonderful and never gets boring and the graphics are very detailed and atmospheric . The monsters and enemies can sometimes be a bit generic and it 's not as gory as I would like it to be but this and the constant difficulty reduce this from a 5-star rating to 4-star . I would recommend that you have a Pentium IV processor and a decent graphics card if you want the best performance out of this game . And decent speakers would be appropriate for when you cast those BOOMING spells.Like most games these days this is designed for the most powerful and advanced machine . If you are fortunate enough to have one then buy this game to make the most of it . Even if you are not a big RPG fan the fun never ends . And neither does the game apparently . I 've still to finish it ; -RRB-
 This game is a truly impressive achievement . It 's easy to understand , seemingly bug-free , with gorgeous graphics and tactical gameplay.Perhaps the best way to envision this game is to imagine Diablo 2 in three dimensions with Quake 3 level graphics and stellar animation . Trees sway in the wind , your packmule twitches its ears and shakes its head , little squirrels scuttle by and flocks of birds take flight at your passing . Animations , for fighting or walking , is natural and skeletal.The nice thing is , you do n't need a top end machine to view this beauty . I actually have only played this game on my Dell Inspiron 8100 laptop , which features a Geforce 2 video card , 256 MB of memory , and a 800 Mhz Pentium III processor . Those are a decent stats , but they 're not stellar , and yet the game flows with hardly a hitch.The big difference between Diablo 2 and this game , however , is the way in which battle is carried out . It sort of runs like Age of Empires or Starcraft , with the ability to pause the action to give further commands , like Hold Position , Engage , and so on . This gives the battle scenes -- which are numerous -- the same kind of tactical flair . Also , unlike Diablo 2 , which in the end sort of degenerates into a sort of high-end Gauntlet , where millions of little foes pursue you ad nauseum , Dungeon Seige also features enormous foes , scaled to real size , in full 3d , with numerous powers , from casting spells to breathing ice or electricity . Figuring out how to kill these behomeths is a much more strategic enterprise.So far , it does n't seem that the story is terribly deep . That may change as people make use of the Seige Editor , which allows owners of the game to create their own puzzles and dungeons . But for a more thoughtful , tactical version of Diablo , with gorgeous graphics , this is a great choice .
 I bought this game when I got hung up on Might & Magic IX and did n't know what to do about it . I played it for a while and then got some help for MMIX so I went back to it . I have now finished both games and what a world of difference . Dungeon Siege has none of the delay every time you go into or leave a building while your computer loads from your disk . They both have the feature that seems to be popular now of increasing the skill of the one you use . With Dungeon Siege it does MMIX one better because you can have anyone pick up a sword or buy a spell book and use it and change a fighter into a mage . I like this because when you start a game you do n't usually know what you need in the way of characters and this lets them learn as they go . There is no thief character as in most games that usually spends most of his time hiding because he is too weak to be much good in a fight . Anyone can open chests and doors . There is n't the usual boring nap time after every fight either . Your characters heal up or replace magic fairly fast ant there are helth and mana potions to hurry that along . You should keep well stocked with these as they come in handy when opponents come at you fast and furious . A mage with healing hands can help as well as he can heal during a fight . Save during a fight ? Sure no problem but make sure you have a backup save just in case you save in the middle of a fight you ca n't win.The graphics are 3rd person and very detailed . If you buy a new hat and equip it the screen character will be shown wearing it . The world is a far cry from the old blocky dungeon 's of old and I found myself just looking around some areas after they were cleared out because of the scenery.I liked the concept of the mule to help cary extra items that you are n't quite skilled enough to use or extras you want to sell later . The mule will pay for itself in this regard fairly quickly.There are long range and melee weapons as usual but each weapon has it 's own range and speed as well as hit points it can deliver . Is it beter to use a lower powered fast long ranged weapon or a slow shorter ranged weapon with more power ? Remember the enemy has weapons of longer and shorter range as well.What would have been nice adition would have been a large map showing your location and only the places you have visited . There is a small map that you can even direct your characters and fight from but many of the locations are very large and the small map just is n't big enough.I usually buy a hint book with every game but with this game I hardly ever used it . The only time I used it was when I had cleared out and searched an area and wanted to make sure I had n't missed something.All in all it ran fine on my Pentium III 500 mhz machine , running XP and with an old 3dfx voodo card .
 If you do n't like killing things , this game is n't for you ! Otherwise , you got a keeper!This is one of the most immersive , motivating , and graphically stunning game I have every played . The world is just fantastic . I could spend hours just wandering around looking at stuff . There is hardly any repetitiveness in this game . It is amazing . One of the most amazing features is the smooth , ongoing nature of the game . Never will it pause to reload more graphics . Never will it `` cut '' over into a new dungeon . It is just one continuous world ! Excellent job!Playing the game means mostly killing monsters . For some reason , it never gets boring though . Last weekend , I sat down at 11am to play for `` an hour or so '' , and finally managed to get away from the computer more than 12 hours later . And not because I was bored ! I could have easily kept playing until dusk!Get this one . You wo n't be disappointed ! -LRB- If you like RPG and killing monsters that is -RRB- .
 This game owns ... Very good graphics , controls , and music . Its like Diablo 2 except 3d and a different way of gaining levels.Pros
 The game is fun exciting fully interactive . You use the mouse for all the controls . the graphics on the game are very detailed and present a vitural 3d world . The sounds are amazing . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 Even though not a big fan of RPGs , I find Dungeon Siege absorbing and interesting in any sense.You can play it over and over with different characters or alone . Since realizing that my fellow companions were hindering my progress through levels and getting killed easily , I decided to go alone despite being quite harder and requiring some time to hack your enemies.The visual fields are just fantastic , whether raining or snowing , the thing I rather fear is the battles in the dungeons.Maybe not perfect but for the price better than perfect . Only downside you get a sore hand from frequent mouse clicking.Recommended 5 stars .
 the game is great its action are a-1 the battle system is very good the characters are a-1 i will recomend ths game to anyone who likes rpg or someone who is new to rpg games is easy to learn even if you dont have alot of experence with rpg games on the pc top rated game from top to bottom . michael wilson
 This game is six years old , an eternity in the world of computer games , but I would rather load up my old DS disk and play an hour or two of this than any other game that I 've played since . -LRB- BTW , for anyone who would still consider buying a game this old
 This is an action cRPG that came out after DIABLO II and just before NEVERWINTER NIGHTS . And it blew both of them out of the water!Not as deep as NWN , yet the story engaged you enough to make it more than a hack 'n' slash . Not as dark as DIABLO II , yet blood fever will take hold of you once in battle . A number of innovative ideas made DUNGEON SIEGE a unique experience
 I thought that Dungeon Siege was an excellent game . I am by no means a first person shooter player & prefer games that have a little strategy & thought required . Although this game is linear , meaning you follow a certain path to conclusion & ca n't deviate away from it -LRB- very much any ways -RRB- you do have to do a little creative thinking when it comes to launching your attacks on various enemies . -LRB- some can be quite tricky -RRB- The story was entertaining , the graphics were great , and it held my attention beautifully . No ADD issues with this game !! Would recommend this game to anyone that wants to play a fantasy/adventure without all the running around with just a gun on the screen shooting anything you see .
 An exciting game but the story goes Dungeon , Town , Dungeon in My opinion it should have some side parts like a arena for you to fight in like gladiators and earn money . It has a complex weaponery thing were you have to reach a certain level in Strength , Dexcisity , and knowledge to use certain weapons . It has many weapons and cool looking armour and shields but i still think the game can be boring if you play long enough .
 It is a nice game with not very detailed but overall beautiful graphics . This seems to be characteristic of Microsoft games from their flight simulators to RPG 's - fuzzy/blurry textures that look beautiful if you move your chair back four or five feet from the monitor or squint your eyes . Also , this game keeps randomly crashing my computer for some reason . Worked with Microsoft tech support on it to no avail thus far . But the gameplay itself is fun and I like the lack of an artificial limit on what my character can do - if I use spells more I advance my magical skills - if I use my weapons I advance my hand-to-hand combat skill . I really like this feature a lot . I do wish that there were more spells but then again you can never have enough spells in a game as far as I am concerned . Finally , the music is very nice and not boringly repedetive like some games out there . Overall I recommend buying this game .
 ... Dungeon Siege is that gorgeous , curvaceous , friendly , but empty-headed blonde -LRB- or should I say , redhead ? -RRB- from your neighborhood . And even though you really love to discuss latest developments in rocket science with your Ph.D. colleagues , now and then you still might wan na call that pretty girl and take her out to a nightclub for some mindless fun . If you are all rocket science , and do n't -LSB- money -RSB- at a game store . If you expect Baldur 's Gate 75 , a quick trip to official website will quickly tell you that you should look elsewhere - so please do not knock this game for what it never pretended to be . As ... games go , DS delivers 100 % . This out of the way , Dungeon Siege IS absolutely great-looking . You 'll need some good silicon to squeeze the most of it -LRB- My 1.2 GHz Athlon , 512MB DDR , GeForce2 Ultra is more than up to the task -RRB- Sound is great too.What I REALLY love is character-development system . In this game it 's very hard to find yourself stuck with something you do n't really enjoy . Especially in early game , characters are flexible enough to adapt to your style . If you want to make Gloern a combat mage , and Merik an archer , all you need is a little effort.Combat system is also a treat . If you feel confident , you can set attack modes , and send your party into carnage while you go fix a sandwich . Or you can micromanage by pausing , and ordering precisely every cast , swing , and arrow if the battle is tough.To recap
 After a while , game players start seeing some similar things in every game of the same genre . So yes , this game resembles all those 3D RPGs including UO and EQ and Camelot , etc. . And yes , it could have been a 3D sequel of Diablo . However , I tried Diablo I and II for about 1 hr each ... could not get into it and left the game , gave it away , I did n't even want to keep it.But after 7 hrs of Dungeon Seige , I 'm still wanting more ! I like the interface , and the fact that it seems to play itself is one detail I do n't have to worry about . I control my characters to get them in and out of harms way . Everything else is mostly automatic , including targeting , moving to get closer to enemies , attacking , even magic casting if you have that set as the default action for your char.The skill levels increase just like in UO . Keep using your melee weapon , and your Strength and melee skill increases faster than the other attributes . Use magic , and your Intelligence and magic skill increases . Behind the scenes , it might be using the traditional `` kill monster A , get 100 exp '' but for the user , this is not shown . It 's different from the `` get 1000 exp , increase to Lvl 2 and add extra 10 pts to your attributes '' method . However , this is the what makes UO and this game interesting . You can have a warrior that dabbles in magic , and if you get high levels in every skill , your tank mage will be quite defender of justice.Some positives that stand out for me are the pack mule which can be in your party and carry extra loot . And it wo n't run into a pack of monsters -LRB- as if it could survive -RRB- like in UO . The party interface is good also , like Secret of Mana where you can set your extra members on some AI setting so they 'll be on defense , aggressive , use melee or magic attacks , etc.Some negatives about this game that stand out for me is that you ca n't tell why your character that just dropped is dead or simply unconscious -LRB- and will get up again -RRB- . You 'll go unconscious so often , you almost wonder when you actually can die . And then when it does happen , you wonder why this time it did n't just go unconscious because now you to reload if you ca n't ressurect yet.Also you only can start out as human , even though you can get dwarven NPCs to join you later.In the single player , the monsters never re-spawn so you do have to decide which skills you want to focus on . But do n't worry if you decide you really need another skill set . You can take that same character into the multi-player mode , and whatever skills and possessions you get there can be brought back into the single-player mode.You can reach up to beyond level 100 so this game will provide lots of game play time .
 It 's like Diablo II with much better graphics . However , it can get tedious at times -LRB- just like Diablo II -RRB- and its `` role playing '' elements are fairly light . I still enjoyed it a lot and recommend it to anyone who liked Diablo II ! I let my brother in law play it for a couple of hours one day and next thing I knew he and his wife were as absorbed in it as I was . It was a little short but still a lot of fun with some replay value though not a lot.Buy it and enjoy !
 I do n't care what many of you have to say about `` no plot '' or `` no control '' or anything like that . This game was , apparently , desgined for use mostly be newbies . Think about it . There is almost no need for thinking about `` should I put one into this , or into that . '' Depending on what you want your character to use , that is what he/she will become specialized in . How can it become more basic than that ? True , the plot IS a little thin , but was n't Diablo 2 thin ? Of course . How many people play -LSB- ed -RSB- on battle.net every day ? There are several occasions where I saw tens or hundreds of thousands of people online playing . Like another writer said , all RPGs require imagination . If you do n't use your brain to create your own little imaginary world within the game , the game will be dull . You have to use your imagination to find your true goals and the such . Obviously , people who want real `` depth '' will be displeased . Just for the sake of knowing I would like to know ten or more games someone thinks has real `` depth , '' and would like them to convince me about it , too . Dungeon Siege is a wonderful game , and any RPG player would love it .
 This RPG is FUN and very addictive!The music and environment are so emmersive I get cold when I walk into the Northern towns and ichy when I run through the swamps . I have started to dream in DS , when I actually sleep that is.The gameplay is accessable you do n't need to read a manual to figure it out . There are tons of hidden areas to explore on and off the path -- forests , ice caverns , swamps , towns and of coarse dungeons and if you want to stay alive you will have to have a stratigy and develop your melee , archor , nature or combat magic skills . It gets harder as you get stronger.Im addicted , got ta go!Cheers
 IT 'S AS FUN AS QUEST FOR GLORY , BUT THERE IS NO AUDIO .
 This was the best game I have ever seen , and trust me i 've seen hundreds of the latest and best games around , and nothing came close to Dungeon Siege . Stunung grapics , loads of enimies , and the best RPG Game in the last decade is right here on this page waiting for you to buy it .
 As mentioned , this game takes away all the disadvantages and takes all the advantages of a RPG , thus making this a great RPG ... you do n't pick your own class at the beginning , as the game progresses , the weapons you choose to use , determine the skills you will develop . There is enough flexibility here that you can turn one class into another during the game.Without a loading screen , you can really be hooked into the game without interruptions , which always feels like a ` party poper ' when you are really into the game.Other RPGs restict camera movement , but not on this games , it lets player have total control over the camera -LRB- ca n't look up the sky though -RRB- , zooming in and out.I have n't played this game yet -LRB- game is not out yet ! -RRB- , these are just my first impressions of the game . If everything said in the game is done right , this game can really shine .
 The beauty of Dungeon Siege lies in its simplicity . It is not often that you get an RPG which has both a simple user friendly interface and an engine that automatically customises the way you play your character.Dungeon Siege is the work of Chris Taylor , the genius behind the award winning Total Annihilation . His goal was simple
 This game provides hours of gameplay in which you battle everything from little dog-like creatures to skeletons to dragons . It starts you off as a farmer and depending on what weapons you use -LRB- bows , swords , or spells -RRB- , you increase in that skill . You can combine the skills even to be , say , a healing mage who fights with a bow . Along the way you pick up companions who work in the same way , and you also recieve quests you can complete . Add this to a rich story full of dialogue and you get a great game . The only problem I have encountered is that you ca n't carry very much stuff , so you have to selectively choose what you want to bring with you . You can , however , have a donkey as a companion to carry your stuff . Also you can pause the game whenever you like , making the use of strategy quite possible and almost unnavoidable .
 My Husband bought this game , but I am hooked too !!! The kids -LRB- 4 and 5 -RRB- love to watch us play . Do n't worry , they know it 's pretend !
 Packmules ! That is the single greatest thing about the game , IMHO . The second gretaest is no limitations ... if your character is strong enough they can use a sword , if they are smart enough they can use spells -- No JOBS ! No Classes ... just pick up and go ! Whooooo ! GREAT GAME ! ****************************************************************
 ok the reason I gave this four instead of five stars is the camera . Over half of this game is spent in caves and buildings so do n't you think they could have gotten the camera to work right in those situations ? BUT the fact that you do n't have to do frantic clicking to kill groups of enemies makes up for this . You 're characters -LRB- you have up to 8 of them -RRB- will auto attack the closest enemy . So all you need to do is walk into a room and you 're characters start the slaughter . Then you can move the camera around to see what is going on kinda like watching a movie . Also sometimes the only way you can tell which way to go is by the trail of enemies to fight . Also this should be a budget game under -LSB- money -RSB- retail because it is just to short ! Seriously you could beat it in about 25 hours and that is if you get lost a lot . Just another game that sacrifices leagth of play for graphics which are awesome ! Over all it beats Diablo 2 in most areas , graphics , character customizing , potion usage . That part is a great idea too . You only drink as much health potion as you need . Not like Diablo were you use a whole potion everytime .
 If you love the diablo or icewind dale games you will like this one . It 's easy to learn and very quickly you can get into the action and begin having fun . The graphics are spectacular and you do n't need much computer to enjoy them . In fact the game engine is the best i have ever played . The interface is easier than icewind dale and you only need to control one player . Spells can be a little awkward to use and you may have to pause the game but the actual fighting could n't be easier because your character will attack enemy units on his own much like units in an RTS game . There is no need to keep clicking away and you have more time to to evaluate your situation and tactics . Usually the strategy is to enter an area carefully , evaluate the scene counting the number of enemy etc. . Then you usually end up on the perimeter picking off the goblins and creatures a few at a time thining them out occasionally backing away to drink some health potion . If you just go running into an area you will find yourself surrounded and dead so you need to pick at them gradually reducing their numbers . It 's fun.Unfortunately DS ca n't be considered a great game like diablo2 LOD because it is too linear . The graphics are great but too much of the game is simply following pathways and fighting goblins . Like diablo this will bring out your competitive nature and make you coming back for more but i can see why RPG purists did n't care for it . Also like diablo , you can meet up with a buddy in the multi player and do some one on one fighting but DS ' online community is nowhere on the same level as the vast community you find at diablo 's battlenet . On a positive note two friends can join up direct through their IP address.I began with DS by playing the demo because i was such a big fan of total annililation a chris taylor classic . I found the fighting and graphics exilerating so i bought the game but GS for me has never been an obsession in quite the way diblo 2 and icewind dale have been . It is too much of the same thing.Game play-BGraphics-A + Strategy-C + Story line-CReplayability-DAction-BOver all a good fun game but not a classic and not deserving of 5 * ... socks
 The new standard of game Graphics is here . The increadible 360 deg . cam views and zoom features are unreal . The ease of character/inventory manipulation is exactly what is needed to let you focus on one thing ... . Playing the damn game ! The environments and outdoor settings are unsurpassed . I payed 40.00 when I bought this game , and I would do it again . This is the next gen RPG game , and I recommend it to all who are looking for a great gaming experience . Yes there are a few details to work out , but compared to other RPG games out there this one is on the top . Game On !
 It has been a long time since someone has entered a review on this game , so let me be the first in 7 years to tell you this game has all the fun and effects one expects from a game built just for that - fun ! I have played various different pc games of the same genere and let me tell you , if you want to kick back and really have fun , then this is the game for you , if you want to sweat at your computer trying to figure out 1,000 different key combos then , well , it is n't . I have been playing Dungeon Siege for many years and when I lost my original copy I freaked when the bookstores and game shops told me it wasnt availible in stores anymore , then I was pointed to Amazon.com , THANK YOU AMAZON.COM for reuniting me with my favorite pc game of all times !
 I 've never been a big fan of D&D ; type games and , frankly , I 'm still not . The one exception is Dungeon Siege . Unlike other games , this does n't bog you down in the bizarro world of arcane AD&D ; rules . More importantly , it has more the adventure flow of a classic FPS with little of the horrible , repetetive running back and forth nonsense found in so many other games of the genre.My only major criticism is that some of the levels did get a little repetetive . For that , it probably deserves 41/2 stars , but that 's not an option.One measure of game enjoyment for me is whether I replay the game and how long it is before I do . In this case , I played it through a second time just after finishing the first -LRB- I meant to only play the first level to compare character types , but ended up going all the way through . -RRB-
 While it is true in the single-player ` storyline ' game most of the combat is automatic , there is still strategy . But , when the game is done , soloing in zonematch is anything but automatic!You can import any character from the regular part of the game to start with . This allows you to take one character -LRB- at a time -RRB- and further develop it . But now those areas that were automatic because you had a party turn into strategy . For example , you know you can take on 2 of a particualr monster , but there are 6 of them over there standing in a tight group . How can I get just 2 to come over . Answer
 I played this game and i would have to say this should be game of the year . It shows scary parts , but aside from that it can be greatly played by a teen .5 stars , 7 if i could .
 This game is good . Although , it does n't have a lot of replayablity , the game is good for the first play though , although many areas are much too big . This problem tends to slow gameplay as I got extremely tired of playing in the same basic terrian for hours at a time . It took me close to 2 months -LRB- though in continues play it would have been about 24 hours -RRB- to get to the last section of the game -LRB- I still have n't finished it -RRB- .
 I was hooked from the moment I started playing it . It looks great and plays with ease . A must have for the RPG addict .
 This game is the best I 've played in 3D RPG adventure . The visuals are stunning , and the game play is intuitive and immersive . Your character gains experience by 2 means
 Interesting game play . Wonderful graphics . It is very detailed . Never before used camera-view system works great . A unique experience .
 I like this game a lot Here I would like to share some experiences about how to get higher skills in spells casting without using cheat codes or modifing the game setting . If you set a charater start with higher skill then the game become no funsIn the `` swamp '' , where you need to put the `` artifact '' in a ruin temple , there are many wizards can produce infinite numbers of monsters . Just do not killed all of them until you reach the level skills you like . However , it is hard when several wizards attack at once by summoning monsters and casting spells . So try to kill most of them by searching around the swamp.Dealing 1 or 2 wizards is not very hard . Actually , I set it up in such a way that the party is self-contained . The healing/casting/melee work properly without mana or health drinks for several hours -LRB- I mean before the wizard -LRB- s -RRB- get killed or you are all killed -RRB- . Try not to use archers because it might accidently kill wizards before you want it to . And the skills you really want are battle/nature . The swamp is only place that the wizards can reproduce . I think that is what designers want you to do . There are several spells need more than 70 nature or battle skills . If do not do this , it is impossible to get there unless using cheat codes
 This is the absolute best game ever !!!! If you likes diablo , your gon na go crazy for this game . Unbelievable graphics , tons of enemies , weapons , and items . Only one problem , only four main character types but you can be two at a time or change between one or the other at any point in the game so your not a set character class ! Unbelievable !
 THIS WAS THE MOST AWESOME GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED . I JUST HOPE THERE IS A SEQUEL .
 Dungeon Siege is n't meant to be the most complex , and interactive RPG ; this game was designed to be a fun hack-and-slash adventure . And , for the most part , it suceeds.The graphics , while generally nothing more than eye-candy , are quite impressive , and do help drag you into the game world . At times , I 've noticed it 's hard to see exactly where you should be going , but a little back-tracking and careful inspection will send you back on your way.The game flows fairly well , but remember that your skills advance depending on what weapons/spells your characters use . If have a character use a mix of melee and archery , then do n't expect that character to preform as well as a straight melee , or only archery one . I started playing on Hard , but later turned the difficulty down , as I repeatedly had to save and reload as enemies became signifgantly stronger . When facing waves of ranged enemies , be prepared to have a few characters knocked unconcious/die before all the enemies are dead.Little features , like pressing z to pick up all items near your units , really show that the creators of this game wanted you to enjoy it , and not be stuck in overly tedious moments.Overall , do n't expect this game to be the second coming , but it can be a fun diversion while waiting for the next uber-game , or when you just want to sit back and kill hordes of enemies . : -RRB-
 If you love the diablo or icewind dale games you will like this one . It 's easy to learn and very quickly you can get into the action and begin having fun . The graphics are spectacular and you do n't need much computer to enjoy them . In fact the game engine is the best i have ever played . The interface is easier than icewind dale and you only need to control one player . Spells can be a little awkward to use and you may have to pause the game but the actual fighting could n't be easier because your character will attack enemy units on his own much like units in an RTS game . There is no need to keep clicking away and you have more time to to evaluate your situation and tactics . Usually the strategy is to enter an area carefully , evaluate the scene counting the number of enemy etc. . Then you usually end up on the perimeter picking off the goblins and creatures a few at a time thining them out occasionally backing away to drink some health potion . If you just go running into an area you will find yourself surrounded and dead so you need to pick at them gradually reducing their numbers . It 's fun.Unfortunately DS ca n't be considered a great game like diablo2 LOD because it is too linear . The graphics are great but too much of the game is simply following pathways and fighting goblins . Like diablo this will bring out your competitive nature and make you coming back for more but i can see why RPG purists did n't care for it . Also like diablo , you can meet up with a buddy in the multi player and do some one on one fighting but DS ' online community is nowhere on the same level as the vast community you find at diablo 's battlenet . On a positive note two friends can join up direct through their IP address.I began with DS by playing the demo because i was such a big fan of total annililation a chris taylor classic . I found the fighting and graphics exilerating so i bought the game but GS for me has never been an obsession in quite the way diblo 2 and icewind dale have been . It is too much of the same thing.Game play-BGraphics-A + Strategy-C + Story line-CReplayability-DAction-BOver all a good fun game but not a classic and not deserving of 5 * ... socks
 This game is amazing . Not only does it have some of the most incredible graphics of any current generation PC game , but it also brings a lot of great gameplay innovations . For example , when your characters are injured or need mana and you press the hotkey for health or mana potions , the character -LRB- s -RRB- only drink as much of a potion as they need , rather than using the whole thing at once and wasting some of it , as in Diablo II . Also , to avoid the mouse-click frenzy that was Diablo II , in this game you simply click on an enemy and you will continue to attack them until they -LRB- or you -RRB- are dead . The RTS-style interface makes grouping and moving your characters -LRB- up to eight , plus a pack mule to carry extra stuff -RRB- very easy , and it also allows you to decide what formation they should move in -LRB- wedge , row , column , double row , etc. -RRB- The difficulty levels are well balanced
 I had seen this game was made by Chris Taylor who made one of my all-time favorite games -LRB- Total Annihilation -RRB- and had to have it . And I was n't dissappointed . To me , this was a combo of Diablo and Icewind Dale as it incorporated alot from each game while be different from both . It was also alot easier to play than Icewind Dale.And there is alot less management in this game . With the click of a button , your inventory is automatically rearranged so you do n't have to try to make room for something else . Also , anything that is on the ground lights up so you know where it is to pick it up . Another nice feature is the potions . You only drink what you need and the rest is left in that bottle until you need it . While on your journey , you meet many new people who want to join you until you reach the max limit of 8 . And trust me , you need them . Some of the levels and end bosses are very tough . There are plenty of weapons , armor , and spells to be bought here and plenty of monsters and bandits to kill . And this is a very large world . That is what amazed me the most , just how big this world was . And each new dungeon , town , and forest was very different from the next . The graphics are very good , the gameplay is fast , the sounds were excellent , and the challenge was very good . I believe this game had some of the best landscape views of any game I have ever played . And when you are in the woods hearing the wind blow and the bugs making their noises , you almost feel like you are there . It took me a little over 32 hours of actual gameplay time -LRB- not counting having reload when I died -RRB- to beat the singl player missions.I recommend this game for RPG fan and for anyone looking for a well put together and thought out game with excellent action .
 Since Microsoft had their name stamped on this game , I downloaded the demo version first to see if it was OK and it was.First , the visuals for this game are very good . You view the action through a `` camera '' which you control . You can zoom in , out , around , up , down , etc. . This is a nice feature and enables you to look around and get the best possible view of the numerous battles your party will fight ! Trees and most obsticals fade as you change camera angles so your view is not obstructed . However , if you are next to a cliff or an outer wall of a dungeon/building , those do n't fade . You are forced to zoom in at times as you move the camera around in those cases.Battle can be as easy or as tough as you want it . You can give the computer total control so that you do n't have to do anything but move your party from battle to battle or you can give yourself more control . It 's up to you . Another nice feature is that characters advance based on what they do . If they use a bow , they begin to advance in bow skills , and their dexterity rises quicker . If they use melee weapons , their melee skills advance and their strength advances quicker . If they use either magic school -LRB- nature/combat -RRB- , those advance and their intelligence advances quicker . Some people have complained about this but to me , this is more realistic.The nicest feature of this game is the pack mule ! His only purpose is to help you lug all of that loot around that you collect from various battles . And you can have as many as 7 mules . However , for every mule you have , you have one less person in your party since you can only have eight total people/mules in your party.Battles are very frequent and often are very tough due to the large numbers of monsters which can swarm you . At first , I did n't like this but then I realized that the object of the game is less RPG and more strategy . It 's mostly a hack-and-slash in the line of `` Diablo '' with party 's like `` Baldur 's Gate '' . The game is very linear which might be a turn off to some but it did n't bother me.All in all , this is a very fun game with good graphics and sound .
 Dungeon Siege is a very good game.Great graphics , fast action and nice story.Very good work on the user interface , and features first time seen like automatic reorganizing of your inventory . . Great idea of the mule as part of your team!A game that was needed to refresh his category.So why the one star is missing ? 1 -RRB- Absence of a BIG map . Especially in some places a map would be a great help .2 -RRB- Nice idea that if you fight a lot you improve your Strength , but it would be better if the game would let you add the points in the skill that you would prefer .
 This game has the right fit between awesome graphics and good gameplay . It avoids a lot of the tedious details that you get in some of the other games , but still gives you the control you want . Like Morrowind , you improve based on what you use . It 's not photorealistic , but it 's damn beautiful . Pick it up used if you have to , but do n't miss it !
 Let me just start by saying BUY THIS GAME . Ok , now for the reasons : Graphics : These graphics are truly great . The characters actually look like real people , unlike most game characters . The scenery is great . Everything has an immense amount of detail , from the glimmering water to the snow-capped mountains . Also , the ability to click `` view '' and see your character close-up with the option of turning them around up to 360 degrees , is really cool . Also , this is not one of those games that basically just tells you , `` you have an axe even if looks exactly the same as every other weapon , '' DS is more like `` you have an axe . you can see it . it looks like an axe . now go kill something with it . '' ALso , the weapons and armor have a huge amount of detail and are very aptly named . For example , the `` rusty bangle armor '' has rust on it and the `` damaged sword '' looks like it is damaged.Voices : The voices are decent , but nothing special . It does n't really matter though , since nothing anyone says is even slightly important . Everything they say is something you can easily figure out for yourself . The NPCs must think you 're like -LSB- dumb -RSB- or something . Oh well.Battles : The battles are really fun in DS . You control every aspect of it and can have your characters do whatever you want with one or two mouse clicks . You can have all eight of your party members attack eight different enemies if you want . ALso , you can see the action and if you zoom in a little , you can see that sometimes someone with a sword will be going all karate-style with it on the bad guys . They 'll swing it back and forth and spin it around and stuff . Pretty cool , no?Gameplay : Great . That 's all I have to say . Alright , I lied . I 'm gon na say more . The gameplay is amazingly easy to learn and control . You can switch weapons , armor , have your characters trade items , etc. in only a few seconds . However , there is one problem . If a donkey -LRB- packmule -RRB- is highlited -LRB- you 're moving him -RRB- and he sees a bad guy , he will run like hell ALL THE WAY back to where you do n't want to be and you ca n't stop it from doing that . Then you have to go on a search-and-rescue mission for the stupid packmules . Damn donkeys . All in all , though , the controls are really really good.Lastly , Replay Value : Not much , but you can play the game again if you missed or did n't complete any of the `` quests '' the first time . Some of the quests are kind of stupid though . For example , one blacksmith conveniently `` forgot his axe '' in an area heavily guarded by enemies and he wants you to go get it . What a moron . I wish there was an option that could make you say to him
 This is a great game . for those who are diablo fans you will love this game . The price is kinda hight but worth buying .
 Dungeon Siege ROCKS ! Once you get past the first area its impossible to forget about it . combind it with the editor and this game is hard to leave . AND as if that was enough ... has multiplayer where you can import your characters ! With dungeon siege you will never get bored again.P.S. : when importing your characters make sure dungeon siege is in the cd drive. : - -RRB-
 Many critics of this wonderful game come from the simple -LRB- straight -RRB- storyline of the design . Before I really play this game myself , I read reviews saying it is even worse than Diablo II in story aspect -- that is pretty bad , actually terrible because story was n't point for DII at all . But actually it turned out not to be so bad . The legend itself did not have any branches -- nevertheless as a fan of it , I have to admit this design is not among the best modern RPGs . But it is not a problem for me . Because you can choose your company . This made up a independent `` story line '' in which I most enjoyed . I have been playing BG , BG2 , MMVI , MMVII -- well , rich in stories as they are , sometimes they went beyond another extremely , they became tedious . At least for some people , including me . Anyway , DS did not feed a full tree of branches to lure your curiosity but at the same time , it saved you from your desire to explore all the possibilities which will cost you too much time in gaming a single title.The best part , which drives me to give it a 5 star ranking , is the char training model in DS . I noticed people also complaining about this aspect as well . Some about the archer 's arrows were unlimited , some about not detailed enough , and so on ... but it is a very good beginning of new ideas vs. the traditional distribute EXP/SKL pts among different catagories . I did never understand how can one simply distribute some EXP pts to learn to use a sword as a master . This model -LRB- improve through using -RRB- is far more reasonable and realistic . And this allows a very interesting strategy of developing your team and your own char . You may combine a group of ranged attackers at the beginning for at that time , all monsters are with short lives -LRB- low HT -RRB- , you may end up killing them all even before they get close to you . But later you may get into big trouble since they usually surround you for a long time and cast of higher magic cost both time and mana which you could afford none . So ... you could not abandon your team at this time , you got ta teach them how to fight hand-to-hand . And you do have the chance ... -LRB- not like in other games , you preset everything , even in BG , though you can choose multi class or dual class , but the restriction was still too much . -RRB- And they will pick up hand fighting pretty fast , but reasonably difficult . That is the balance I like in all the good games -- challenging but not too complicate -LRB- if I like tedious things , why do I bother to play games after work ? I just work again . -RRB- . Of course , the hitting point was the map without loading , a super tech , but that is well known already.If later versions can provide a more detailed skill set , more branched storyline , this title will explode .
 i like this game for lots of resons , but 1 i wish to share whith you all is the fact that you can do a real hunt , you can pick a nice spot , get comfortable , and kill , i love the ranged and magic abuilts . its nice to be with a party than alone in the woods or town , ext. for myself , i like going out in a party and gaining lvl when im exploring new dungoens.but , thats only 1 way to play , you wan na go at it alone , you can do it , you jus need the right stuff.remember , this game is not ment for just party fights , you can do it any way you want , and you dont have to stick with 1 skill . i like projectiles , so i use magic , and range , that helps the group alote , and its fun to explore alone . i hope you perchess this game , its is 1 of the most smothest graphice game on the market right now , and it has endless posobliltys , so i say again , buy , i say again , buy this game , its worht the money , and it will hold your entrest tell your old and grey.chris stevens .
 In my opinion , the value of a game is directly related to the total experience it offers the player . Dungeon Siege has it all , and is well worth its price . It 's refreshing to find a game that was well thought out and designed , yet innovative in its approach . So many of the games out there seem like they are adapted from something else , not designed and built from scratch . The engine powering Dungeon Siege truely is ground-breaking . With amazing graphics and a good score , it draws you in while allowing you to customize the game to fit your playing style . If you still have doubts , download the demo . If you are a risk taker , odds are definitely in your favor . Buy it .
 Go buy this game it is the coolest ! It has an awesome battle system in real time and the graphics are pretty nice . the storyline is okay and at times if not on easy it can get very hard , but it is just so cool ! It is a little pricey but it is definately worth the money !
 First all of it has excellent graphics . It also has little plotline . Only hack-n-slash immersion . The gameplay is reminiscent of the old Ultimas yet with better graphics . There is n't any hand-to-hand combat determined by hitting a button or a key quickly . The attacks are guided by more or a less an Ultima attack . This is
 Dungeon Siege matches and excels beyond that of other RPGs in the graphics department . The amazing attention to detail can be seen everywhere throughout this game . In the intense battles with swamp creatures , drakes , goblins , sorcerers , warriors , krug , and a myriad of other enemies . In the fantastic spell-casting to heal and enhance yourself or your allies . In the nature and enviornment around you , the trees , the desert , and the breath-taking scenery . Ask anyone who has played Dungeon Siege , the 3D graphics are beyond that of any other game.Dungeon Siege is not a difficult game . Nor is it simple and not requiring of any thought or strategy . I would say it 's perfect . Although it consists of a simple point-and-attack and/or point-and-cast spell methods of fighting , it 's more involved than it sounds . There are more than 100 spells that you can cast , and even more weapons . Axes , bows , maces , staffs , crossbows , swords , and hammers , made into a variety by the enchantments on some . In Dungeon Siege , there are things called enchantments , which can affect your player 's stats when equipped . Such as , a `` Superior '' Melee weapon has the effects of 1 Health stolen per hit , +1 -4 Piercing damage , +5 % chance to dodge ranged attack , +5 % chance to hit enemy with a Melee weapon , and +2 to maximum damage . If a Ranged weapon is `` Incredible '' , then it has +1 to Ranged skill , +1 -4 piercing damage , magic damage reduced by 5 % , +5 % chance to dodge Melee attack , and +7 % chance to hit enemy with a Ranged weapon . These Enchantments can make the difference between two similar weapons.Unlike other RPGs , your character does not choose and pursue a certain class or certain skills throughout the entire course of the game . There are no penalties for being proficient in multiple skills , and you can take your character in a different skill direction at any point in the game . The four skills are Melee , Ranged , Combat Magic , and Nature Magic . There are three factors in helping build your character , strength , intelligence , and dexterity . Combat and Nature magic users need a high intelligence score , but also can be proficient with a Ranged weapon or Melee weapon . You advance levels by using a certain weapon . The more you use a Melee weapon , the better you will become with Melee weapons , and you will increase in strength . There are also five types of armor . Body armor , helms , gloves , boots , and shields . Each one has a defense rating that adds to your total defense rating . The higher defense rating you have , the more damage you can absorb . Melee characters generally have a higher defense rating than others.There are two types of magic in Dungeon Siege , Nature and Combat . There is also five kinds of spells . Damage , curse , summoning , enhancement , and healing spells . Both kinds of magic have a variety of both . The 3D casting of the spells is really something unique . Bright colors , all kinds of shapes and sizes , and flame , ice , lightning and more make the spells come alive on your screen . Some spells arc lightning , some roll bombs , some summon skeletons , and some call upon the might powers of the sun to incinerate enemies.Your party can consist of up to 8 players , and not including the starting character created by you , you can hire NPCs to join your party . Some call for a price , and some join for free . You have to choose who you will allow to join , and who you will decline . There are also dozens of areas in DS . You will travel through dungeons , caves , towns , caverns , forests , mountains , deserts , and more.After you kill an enemy they might drop loot which you can pick if you have room in your inventory . You can pick up health or mana potions , gold , weapons , armor , rings , amulets , spell scrolls , and more . You can talk to just about any NPC in the game . Also among the items in DS are lore books , which are volumes of stories about the Kingdom of Ehb.The multiplayer part about DS is great . It 's almost like a whole other game . DS is great .
 OK , remember how addictive Baldur 's Gate and Diablo 1/2 were ? Now imagine that the two games are combined together with even better graphics and more personalization . And imagine that multiplay is amazing . That 's what you get with Dungeon SiegeThis game is amazing . It 's fully customizeable . You choose your character and get to choose male/female , hair color and style , skin color , shirt and pants , and even get options like mohawks and tattoos . Your character is a farmer descended from the 10th Legion and now just trying to live a quiet life . But of course , you ca n't . The evil baddies come into town and it 's time to hack.The interface is a cross between Diablo and Baldur 's Gate , with the best of both worlds . It 's fully polygonal - you can zoom in and out , spin around , change the angle , anything you wish ! Your character in his -LRB- or her ! -RRB- fully customized glory goes wandering around , scaring off the chickens and rabbits and little fairies that hang out innocently , while fighting off a huge range of graphically amazing monsters . There are stony gargoyles , fleshy pig-beasts , and all sorts of things in between.The buildings are multi-levelled and the game makes it easy to go from floor to floor . Sometimes the game is picky about here you click - you can try to go IN a building and end up going behind it - but you get the hang of that pretty quickly . You can sometimes try to click on an enemy to attack it and instead start meandering over to that spot of ground . Be sure to know where you click!Like Diablo , this is n't heavy in storytelling . Yes , there 's a general plot , and you hit little side quests along the way . But you go a VERY VERY long way at the start of the game before you find anything town-like , so do n't even bother trying to store up all the random things you find along the way . You 'll run out of room long before you reach town.You meet party members and can have them join you if you wish . Each person has his or her own skillset , and your own grow over time . Keep twanging that bow , and you become an archer ! Use those magic spells again , and magic becomes your speciality ! You 're not restricted like in other games to a certain class . In this one , every single character starts out exactly the same . What you choose to do affects how you develop.The various weapons and armor and magic items you find are quite fun and well designed . The graphics are just great . Shadows , flickering candles , fog , it 's all here . True eye-candy , and if you do n't have a GEforce 3 or GEforce 4 yet , it 's time to buy one.Even the arrows you shoot go thudding into your enemies . Try hitting pause while one goes whistling past your head ! Shoot three into that pig-creature and zoom in to see that they all hit ! Shoot at that fast enemy and watch him dodge your arrows ! It 's just amazing.Highly Recommended and extremely addictive .
 It 's pretty easy to describe Dungeon Siege . It 's essentially Diablo with less clicking , a party of up to 8 characters , and better graphics , which means -LRB- # 1 -RRB- it does n't take much intelligence to play it , and -LRB- # 2 -RRB- you 'll play it until you realize you 're wasting away from forgetting to eat.The biggest difference , aside from the obvious graphical edge , is the fact that the world is unchanging and absolutely gigantic . There are more places to explore than there are in Baldur 's Gate , and some of the dungeons are so huge it 'll take you an hour to walk from one exit to the other - even if the monsters are all dead.As noted previously , the graphics are top-notch 3-d and the engine in general is very streamlined and intuitive . I have noticed a few bugs here and there , but the game itself is very stable and runs well . As in Diablo , there are n't any tricks or puzzles to work though . If you explore everything , you 'll probably find everything - pretty straightforward . Some battles are quite tough , however , and take a bit of fancy maneuvering to get by.About the only big -LRB- non-bug -RRB- complaint I have is that the AI is pretty stupid . If you send out one character , all the enemies in a certain radius will attack that character and will not stop until they are incapacitated . This makes is possible to wipe out a massively superior horde of monsters by getting a bunch of archers or wizards and having one warrior lead the goons in circles around them . I really expected better from the likes of Chris Taylor.AI stupidity aside , Dungeon Siege is definitely worth the money and worthy of the hype . For those who are tired of Diablo 2 and do n't feel like waiting another decade for Diablo 3 , go get this game !
 I loved this game . The action is cool , the engine , graphics and sceneries are simply to die for . The soundtrack is composed by Jeremy Soule and is of the highest quality . I 've made my own audio CD and listen to it every now and then , great medieval music.The game does have some bad points however . The storyline is pretty thin , the game is very linear and the action is too much of a point-and-click thing.If you plan on purchasing this title , you will be better off going for Dungeon Siege : Legends of Aranna as it includes this game and also the expansion pack . So save yourself the money and go for Legends of Aranna .
 Dungeon Siege is fun . Very fun . The music and atmosphere are not nearly as good as D2 , the items are not nearly as cool , and the character development is not as deep , but actual gameplay is richer and more fun.Meaning , you have multiple characters . Each character has 4 basic item/action slots
 This Game Is One Of The Best Games In The World For The Computer . I Think That Anyone That Likes Stragey Games Should Play This Game . And It Is A Very Hard Too Stop Playing Because It Is Such A GREAT GAME.DUNGEON SIEGE IS THE BEST GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 All that 's needed to be said has been , but I thought I should add that you do n't chose classes , whatever you use most gets the skill points or levels or what-have-you . It 's the main competitor to Neverwinter Nights -LRB- being released later me thinks . -RRB- Fantastic graphics and probably sure to attract as many experienced rpg ` ers as ` n00bs ' with the ability to have a party of people with an AI you choose ... this includes having one full of archers or warriors or whatever you chose . Also , thanks to advanced AI and mapping it 's possible to plan out attacks from a hill with arrows or use a narrow walkway to your advantage with ranged attacks . Truly a new-age blend between Baldur 's Gate and Diablo , best for those who found Diablo too tiring or BG too slow .
 This game is awsome ! There are so many possibilities that one could spend forever exploring the land . It 's very 3d . It 's amazing how one could fall off a bridge and end up in a land very far away . That is what make a great 3d game . Not only is the single player mode great , but the multiplayer is awsome ! Being able to design your own levels is an awsome feature !
 Anyone have a Strategy Guide for Dungeon Siege `` Legends of Aranna ?
 ... Other games limit you in advance what class you chose and what abilities you have ... a fighter can NOT learn a magic spell ... or anything else . . which is WAYYYY un-realistic ... and why should a sorcerer or mage NOT be able to use a sword ? Even a sorcerer one day could decide he wants to train his fighting capabilities ... and then he 'd get some experience in this area.In Dungeon Siege you chose WHAT YOU WANT . You can chose ONLY to train your melee/fighting ability ... or you can have a mixed character . Of course if you split your experience and training -LRB- some goes to magic . . some to fighting -RRB- then you might be not as GOOD in one specific field as a specialized character who decides ONLY to train ONE field ... that 's the most realistic thing to do it !!! Instead that something get 's `` ruined '' -LRB- in your opinion -RRB- it provides even more options.All other limitations -LRB- like in certain other games -RRB- dont make much sense . Eg . i am a lvl 11 armsman in D. ... right now . Does it make sense i am NOT able to get/buy a bow and shoot a arrow with it ? Just because the game developer decided it that way ... ?
 the game was fun , a lot of things to do except the new update crashes the game so dont update just play . i recomend it to any action fans out there !
 I played this game once before but had it stolen , i 've been dying to play it again so i bought it . Just as great the second time around ! Always something to do whether its a mission or just flying around blowing stuff up ! This will keep you entertained for hours , plenty of guns and vehicles at your disposal . Only downside is you get fined everytime you kill a civillian , so no GTA killing sprees . Just as well , down wan na turn into a homicidal maniac do you ?
 EA does not support the online aspect of this game since pandemic studios has shut down , still this game is the most fun I have had for this price . To make sure the game does n't freeze at the start screen you have to log out of the psn network . The game will ask you to sign in but just hit the back button and continue offline . By doing so the game will not freeze and you can play the very fun single player game . You will still get your trophies just not the ones that require online play . Its no big deal I bought the game to just to have a good time.The game itself is your basic sandbox style game with faction missions called contracts that you must complete . You get to play as one of three characters that have a certain perk like carry more ammo , regain health faster or run faster . I am playing as Chris right now but will probably play as all three characters for fun.The graphics are decent for a 2008 game and the map is of decent size , not super huge but more than enough . The story is a simple `` get revenge '' and sets you up well enough to get going into the game.The gameplay is where the game shines . Though the game is very unrealistic , that is what makes it fun . You can shoot , blow stuff up , call in air strikes , ride in bikes/cars/choppers , side with a certain faction , bribe factions to get on their good side , mess around just for fun , compete in challenges that are given by your team members like racing , sniping , shooting etc.The missions are also quite fun , like protecting important people , taking over outposts of other factions , blowing up buildings to rubble and more . The side bounties where my favorites , finding or killing high value targets was my favorite thing to do in this game.Although every aspect of the game works essentially , they do lack polish . For example , throughout the game you find cash , weapons , and other equipment that requires your chopper guy to come pick up , so you call in the chopper and sometimes it just does n't pick up the item and then disappears into thin air . You have call him in again and that usually works but is a little annoying . Also misha your jet pilot who you call in for air attacks will sometimes miss the targets and that can cause to die and fail the mission , still these small problems do n't take away from the overall experience.If you just want to have all out fun you can use cheat codes that will give you unlimited health and ammo and go out on a total destruction run . With the cheats the game was ridiculously fun since I was blowing up everyone and thing with C4 . It still gives me laughs to plant C4 on a enemy tank and blow it to bits.Overall , this is not a serious game , the glitches and unrealistic nature of the game is what made it fun for me . The AI can be really dumb at times , and you will hear the same dialogue from npc 's and your character over and over again . Still , I would recommend this game just to have a good time blowing up the world in flames .
 This game is very cool ! But it is a little bit hard to set up first . So make sure you are a ps3 pro installer before you buy it .
 While this game can be equated to `` Grand Theft Auto
 Mercenaries II is an addictive shoot-em-up , and the graphics look amazing when you 're blowing up buildings -- and you 're always blowing up buildings in this game.I took a point off for three reasons :1 -RRB- The game is just as glitchy as Mercenaries I . If you try to pass over a wooden bridge -LRB- or even the little bridge in front of the PMC HQ -RRB- at speed , your vehicle will either do a back-flip or careen into a direction that defies physics . Also , when taking an outpost , your reinforcements want to man the emplaced weapon , hop the tank , smell the flowers ... anything but go into the stupid building like they 're supposed to do . In themselves , these are not serious glitches ; but they do get annoying when you add them up .2 -RRB- Too much realism ... In Mercenaries I , I could justify shooting Allied Nation soldiers occasionally because I assumed I was only shooting the French and German ones -LRB- kidding ... sort of -RRB- . But in Merc II , it 's clear that AN troops are really just Americans , all the way down to the ACUs they wear . As a Guardsman , it 's a little disturbing to be shooting my own . I mean , I do it anyway in order to get 100 % completion , but that 's even more disturbing , now that I think about it .3 -RRB- Politics ... I think this game insults oil companies more than South Americans -LRB- I would n't know , though , not being either -RRB- , but let 's look at the players : a -RRB- Hugo Chav ... er , Solano , a businessman-cum-dictator ; b -RRB- Universal Petroleum , who have raped the country for their own evil capitalist gain ; c -RRB- The PLAV , insignificant `` freedom-fighters '' who have become caricatures of themselves ;d -RRB- The pirates , silly Jamaicans who smuggle rum and parrots , mon ; e -RRB- The US . . er , Allied Nations , whose soldiers only know the words `` whoa '' , `` dude '' and `` hey '' , and so are obviously all teenagers sent to fight for an uncaring , oil-addicted capitalist nation ; f -RRB- and ... the noble Chinese , who speak proper English and whose soldiers , in their spare time , practice martial arts in front of the Chinese HQ . Their leader , Colonel Peng , is the only leader with any honor in the game , according to whatshername , the girl who 's always reading the blogs , you know , the independent sites , and ca n't stop telling you about it.All in all , Merc II is a fun game , but obviously Made in China .
 This is actually my son 's game so I ca n't comment much on the actual play but as I watch him I 'm quite impressed by the graphics . I see him play many PS3 games and I think this one has the best graphics overall .
 Mercenaries 2 is one of those games that is simply there for the fun factor , it 's not necessarily there for the storyline or depth . It is just there to give you a hell of a crazy and over the top game that you can just pick up and go nuts with . There 's not much to say about it as , like I say it 's not very deep in regards to a storyline . Your basic goal is to win the trust of factions and do jobs for them , blowing up buildings , collecting bounties etc. . That 's basically it and depending on who you are it depends on you carrying out the mission covertly or with all guns blazing.The main gem of this game is the surprising look and detail of it as due to the size of the map and the destructability , the detail of it is excellent and the displaying of the tropical setting is truly jaw dropping . The vehicles are plenty and range from heavy set high artillery tanks to fast sport cars . Other vehicles such as army helicopters and a range of boats also allow the game to be more flexible and fun.I must admit that I use the cheats whilst playing the game and just like going nuts and blowing everything up . One of the cooler weapons in the game is the introduction of the Nuclear Bunker Buster . That 's right a Nuclear bomb at your disposal . It 's not the type of Nuke you 'd expect but it 's still pretty awesome to target a building and watch the mushroom cloud expel from the grouns with flames afoot.My review is n't very detailed , but there you go . If I had to tell you one thing that would make you buy this game it would be this . This game is just so much fun I 'm not even kidding . Try blowing up an oil rig and then try to tell me that is n't the coolest thing you 've done on a game .
 If you like shooters , war games , violence , guns , blood etc then this is a must have . It has lots of fun missions to complete and finish . The gameplay is alotta fun there 's lot of cool weapons you get to use . I picked this up at a local retailer for around $ 29.99 . I feel its a good game for the price you have alot to do on this game . If you like this sorta game as much as I do I recommend giving this one a try . They have it for the xbox 360 as well which ever system you chose it for its a very fun and enjoyable game . Very good for stress management as you get to blow stuff up on it . You can even drive around in cool vehicles in some missions , Vehicles such as tanks , jeeps etc. . I seen it advertised on G4tv long time ago and heard good reviews bout it figured I 'd give it a try as well and it lives up to its reputation as a great game .
 I 've been waiting to play this game ever since the first one came out and I was not let down . You can call in air strikes , helicopters , planes , boats you name it you can get it that also goes for the explosions because in this world you can blow up absolutely everything . Have you ever played a game like this -LRB- cough * GTA -RRB- and you were pissed that you fire off a rocket into a building and nothing happens ?? Well , you do n't have to worry about it here you can demolish anything you want . You can strap C-4 to the hood of your vehicle , drive it 100 mph down the street , jump out and blow up anything that is in your way enemies and buildings included.Some people will complain , the graphics are n't top notch or they did n't like the story ... I personally just like watching things go boom . That 's just me though I could really care less about the story because in a game like this it does n't really matter . The game is about creating chaos and mayhem not worrying about how the character feels inside.I love this game and I would recommend this to anyone that wants to have a good time .
 best game ever one of my favorite games . the vehicles are awesome and how you hi-jack vehicles is funny especially a tank.to sum it all up its worth it .
 I am surprised to read so many negative reviews of Mercenaries 2
 This game is alot of fun , everything you can reach can be stolen and everything you see can be destroyed . I gave it 5 stars on the overall even though the controls are a little hard to get used to , and the views can be better . I havent experienced any glitches or problems with the game play .
 After a 5 minute download to start , the game works fine . It 's fun , action packed , guns/ammo galore , I guess I 'll leave at that , as I really just wanted to address the initial load issue . Of course , my screen was n't black as some have said , I could see the load was happening , so I do n't know if I 'm lucky or not , but this was a good purchase for me .
 The title speaks for it 's self , it 's an amazing game , with free roam , awesome graphics -LRB- for 08 -RRB- , and a huge wealth of vehicles , all of which can be driven , cars , helicopters , and boats .
 I bought this game because of the awesome price , and it was either buy this game and get Super Saver shipping , or pay for shipping . I did n't know what to expect with this game because the rating the main game review sites gave it were completely different . Gamespot.com gave it a 5.5 / 10 saying it was mediocre , while IGN.com gave the game a 9.8 / 10 saying it was great fun ! My rating would be right about in the middle of those two . . about a 7/10 . Overall the game is great ! It is an open world game , a lot like Grand Theft Auto , just not as polished and finished as the GTA series . You just run around doing missions and blowing stuff up . Do n't get me wrong , blowing stuff up is fun but this game gets a little repetitive . Also , when you first load the game , -LRB- PS3 -RRB- it downloads game data to your HDD so the game loads faster later , but that process takes about 10-15 mins and there is no load bar so you start to think it froze or something , but do n't worry , it will finishing loading soon enough and will let you play . Also , You can NO LONGER play this game online for the PS3 , -LRB- Not sure if same is true for xbox360 -RRB- EA either shut down the servers for this game or there is an issue . Every time I would boot up the game it would freeze and the title screen while it tried to connect to EA servers . A fix I found online was that you just have to disconnect your PS3 from the internet under your network settings and then the game runs perfect ! Overall , for the price , you ca n't go wrong with this game , speaking for a new PS3 game for this price , the closest game -LRB- On Amazon -RRB- that comes close to this price is Shawn White Skateboarding ... I 'd take Mercenaries 2 over that game any day !!
 I got this game in a buy 2 get 1 free sale and it was the free one . Even without the sale it was only 7.99 and I see it 's listed even cheaper on here . It 's your basic sandbox title , and I 've paid more for worse games . I 'd say if you got 5 bucks or happen to run into a buy 2 get 1 and have trouble deciding on the freebie it 's worth getting this .
 While the game is enjoyable and it 's fun to have a full environmental destruction ability in the game at the end it pretty much enters the standard FPS realm meaning enjoyable but also predictable too . The graphics and effects in the game are very good and while the graphics of the characters is decent it does n't reach the area range of other FPS games like Modern warfare 3 or Battlefield 3 but again that is to be expected since this game came out around 2008 and the other two previous games have had the time to use the more modern techniques and effects to give them what they have now . If there is a flaw in the game it would be the voice cast , while not all are bad there are some in it that you wish you could censor out rather then having to listen to them throughout the game . Also it does feel a little like the saints rows game as you can accept sub-quest assignments to booster yourself and equipment building up your equipment . Also like one reviewer pointed out it seemed that the A.I. for the enemies was sometimes lacking , what I mean is you would be in a firefight but one or two would stop firing and I thought were reloading but when I came straight up to their faces it was only then they started to react but of course it was already to late . It did n't happen a lot but when it did it was kind of unnerving and a little irritating as with some levels you pretty much just had to aim and shoot without worrying about the enemy taking you down as they just seemed to be in a daze . Still for the price of the game and for the enjoyment I got from it all together I still say the games worth a look at for anyone either who enjoys FPS or is just starting to play FPS games ...
 Honestly , I feel like everyone compares all of these sandbox games to the grand theft auto series now . Yes they are similar , but they dont all have to be `` perfect '' . Personally , I thought this game was a riot . It 's much simpler than GTA -LRB- not that complexities are bad , just makes the game more focused -RRB- . Yes there was a few times where my health seemed not to change , kind of a glitched version of god mode . The only other bug that I found remotely noticeable was that whenever I called for a supply drop , the helicopter would show up and drop nothing . This happened usually after I went inside somewhere . If I actually had time to call for a drop , this was n't really a big deal because I 'm not usually in any danger when I do call.I found the game 's mechanics no problem . Most of the things these professional reviewers are complaining about are very forgivable in a fictional environment . I can forgive something like how it 's much easier to hijack a tank than it is to destroy it . Big whoop . Welcome to video games . They cant all be like GTA and you should n't rate them against other games . I would defiantly recommend this to anyone looking for a fun game that has alot of open ended qualities .
 If you are some one who likes big explosions and watching things blown up to pieces this is the video game created just for you . Iam one of those who watch TV shows just because it is in High Def or they are showing demolitions of buildings . This is the perfect blend of the two I like , you can blow up ever thing and explosions look fantastic . Huge open world , not very strict mission sequences.Sure they have never cared about character animations , dialog or AI . Some how people totally mistook Mercenaries for a FPS . This is not a FPS game , this is a Sand box blow up everything Action game . There may not be a pre-defined class where this game fits it in . The closest is GTA with Air Strike . You are never supposed to walk in to a compound and kill one at a time , you are supposed to bomb the whole camp to dust . Sure you can sneak behind blah blah . . dont waste your time . If you are looking for a methodical slow duck and shoot game get some thing else.The main mission is to do any thing to make money , with the money buy bigger weapons to make your next mission easy . Make money to make more money . There are lot of waring factions who are willing to hire to do what you like most , set every thing on fire . There is some level of favor management that you have to do . It is not a good idea to job for every one ; in the latter part it will be hard for to find lucrative jobs.There are few places where I read , this game is politically biased against south America . It is not !!!! a simple Hollywood B level comical story where every one is fighting for oil . They even pirates :-RRB- . It is nice to have light hearted story in games . Every thing in the game is meant as pure fun , just do any thing you wish to have a good time . That is all the theme of the game.One thing I hate in the new Merc is vehicle hijacking . It is a pain with the context-sensitive button stuff . Bigger the vehicle crappy the system behaves.The game moves at a hectic pace . Atleast give it a rent , the chances that you will fall in love is very high .
 I asked my wife to buy this game for me last week as soon as I found out the exchange had it on the shelves . I asked her to pick up the 360 version , but whatever the game is still cool ... Even with the inferior PS3 controller . I have yet to notice the glitches that everyone else has , but then again I have only played the game for about 12 hours . The graphics , in my opinion are decent ; certainly better than most people here have said . The one annoying thing that I have noticed is how the the ai keeps repeating the same little phrases over and over again . It does n't really get to be a problem , it 's just something I 've noticed . Also , I would n't purchase this game looking for a really deep story line or anything like that . Like the title of this review says , it 's all about blowing s -- t up . try Bioshock for a deep story , buy this game for good drunken fun .
 By far one of the best games for ps3 , sharp graphics , great enviorments and intense exciting gameplay , after getting started you wont be able to stop
 muy bueno el juego . es entretenido . y bueno se pasa un buen rato jugando con los amigos . lo recomiendo para pasar un buen rato entretenido .
 I only just begun playing , but as there are no reviews yet ... `` Mercenaries 2 '' plays pretty much like the previous game . It 's quite simple and , very much , fun to run around shooting and hijacking tanks -LRB- now as a mini-game -RRB- and so forth . You can play as any of 3 -LRB- same as Merc 1 -RRB- mercenaries taking out the bad guys and earning money in the process , this time in Venezuela . So far I 've seen no mayor changes in gameplay.This time your more on your own , though . Having to build up you own merc business . there 's a bit more of `` management '' possibilities , which is fun . Also there 's a bit more meaning to working with/against different factions.I 'm not to happy about the visuals , though . Much better than the ps2 game , yes , but hardly what you want from a ps3 game . Also , the colors are a bit to pastel for my taste , and the menus and item-icons are to `` happy '' . I preferred the colder blue-grey world of Merc 1 , and the more serious `` military '' - look of those icons etc.Still , it is A LOT of fun , and I do play for fun , not eye-candy ...
 If you liked Merc 's 1 then you 'll love Merc 's 2 . If you 've never played Merc 's 1 you 'll still love Merc 's 2 . Nuff said !
 FIRST REVIEW ! I always loved the Mercenaries game for the Ps2 so I was dying to play Mercenaries 2 . I bought it this Sunday -LRB- release day -RRB- and I have been playing it every chance I get.ADDITIONS : Mercenaries 2 has made many changes to the style of playing but the overall idea and feel of the game is the same . More stuff to blow up , more stuff to steal , more people to kidnap , and ... water . In Mercenaries 2 you can actually play on the water -LRB- swim in it and jack boats , ect . -RRB- instead of just falling in it and dying . lol The hill falling problem has been fixed too . In the first game just walking down a mountian/hill/whatever could kill you but now you just gently slide down without harm . -LRB- thank you Pandemic -RRB- Dying is a lot harder in general . To me this is a definite plus . You can be riding in a car , it explodes , and you can still survive ! ... Beats me . A new addition is Motorcycles ! -LRB- My favorite add-on -RRB- They get you places faster and they 're just fun to ride . Jumps are located threw some of the cities.PLAYERS / Characters
 excellent product important to the family would buy again if needed , durable and recommend it to everyone is required to have
 Everthing went well ! Great product as described . Will do business again . Awesome company to do business with . The product was exactly what we wanted . Thanks .
 Hi , I had an existing review posted for this game before I finished it . But since then I have finished it about 4 times over a yr period . The first time took me over 100hrs and then next few times I sped through exiting the cut scenes and stuff and it took about 40hrs . What I want to say is that I recomend this game because of the fun , the graphics , the tight controls , and the scale of the living world.First of all the game is fun . You can drive and hijack any vehicle . Tanks , cars , motorcycles , helicopters , trucks . And the driving mechanics in the cars is so fun . You can drive fast cars and use the hand brake to fish around corners and each vehicle drives and feels real . Especially your tech girl Fiona 's pink camaro ! Also you can blow up anything . Oil tankers , buildings , towers , cars , bad guys , a castle , bunkers ... anything ! You can use guns , c4 , have a helicopter drop an airstrike , or later in the game have a jet drop an airstrike type bomb and even a nuke . You can man stationed machine guns , different artillery morters , you can shoot down helicopters with a anti air missle . drive a tank and shoot morter rounds at building bad guys vehicles . And all of it has a gratifying big explosion . Also this is n't like grand theft where you are encouraged to do bad things . If you kill civilians your money is deducted and there are no missions that involve killing civilian . So this game will let you sleep at night . That is if anybody 's got a morality standard anymore.The graphics are awesome . Best of any game I have played . Cars , character models are lifelike and big not small like some games , the country of velenzuela all look visually stiking with no slow down and I havent noticed any pop up or any graphical issues at all . This is quite an accomplishmet considering the size of the world . There are about 5 factions and about 10-20 missions per faction which include taking over outposts which means you usually blow it all to hell except for the building that the soldiers from the faction you are working for need to enter . There are also missions where you take out high valued targets or stun them and have them extracted and there are also buildings to be destroyed in different locations . There are other missions too like blowing up a castle or oil tanker . There are a few vehicle missions to like time trials of driving different vehicles through an obsticle course , like a ferrarri type car or a boat or jetski . The world is so big that it takes several minutes to drive from one end of the map to the other . But not so long it gets boring and if you find it a pain you can call in you helicopter pilot to take you to different landing posts near your missions . Also the AI is really good the helicopters are bothering you . Tanks are bothering you , guys with rocket launchers are bothering you . Guys on foot in jeeps are bothering you.I have read a few reviews about bugs . I have been stuck in place a few times . It sometimes happens in 3rd person games of this scale . It has probably only happened a few times and all but once I was able to get unstuck . It usually happens when you try to force your character into a tight spot that is not supposed to be gone through . Like some trees near a wall that are not meant as a route to be walking through . I have not noticed any slowdown frame rate issues . And I cant remember but it may have froze once but I am not sure . But it autosaves after every mission so you just have to redo a small amt of work . Anyway , Most games I have had at least froze up once . Anyway it is the funnest game I have ever played or owned and I recommend it to all third person adventure/war/shooter / open world lovers . A really great game and should have been more appreciated so a third one would be made . Too bad for the reviews professional and not who only love the gay 1st person shooters where the makers are so lazy they can not even go to the trouble of showing you a person instead of an arm and a gun . I hope somone still makes 3rd person games because I ca n't play the 1st person ones unless they are for a light gun . Sorry for the rant.Kevin
 This game is simply very good , I liked a lot , the game has some bugs but I recommend .
 Of course this game rocks , it 's Mercenaries . If you do n't own it already , what 's the matter with you ?
 I just got my ps3 and with it I got Mercenaries 2 . When I first started the game I was shocked with the difference in graphics compared to the ps2 . This game is amazing it is way better than the 1st Mercenaries . It is so fun to blow up anything in sight and go anywhere you desire . I will admit it though this game does have glitches . Do not worry though this is all made up for when you destroy your first building and watch it crumble . Although this game is not perfect it is definitely a very fun and enjoyable game from start to finish .
 I kept passing this game up mostly because of the bad reviews . Just shows that one should read all of them . I try to never pay more than $ 20 for a game so when the price went down to 12 bucks on Amazon and free freight I had to give it a chance . WOW !! am I glad I did . I have only been playing it for about 10-15 hours and see now that I will be going back to it to play all the levels with all 3 characters . I have collected about 200 games and this is one of about five that stands out . If you get a chance to buy this game at any price buy it , mine is not for sale .
 I came across Mercenaries 2 for very cheap in a second hand store and assumed that the low price meant that it would be an inferior game , but since I needed a game to play I just went for it . I was a little apprehensive about the negative reviews but once I started playing I was instantly hooked . They complained of glitches , but there really ai n't any more than your average video game.Since I only had the Gamecube out of the last generation consoles I never got to play the first Mercenaries game , but it matters not . This is a stand alone sequel . You play as one of three characters -LRB- I chose Marcus Nilsson -RRB- hired and betrayed by a Venezuelan leader called Solano . The rest of the game is your hunt to find and kill Solano , working for various factions in order to gain info and supplies.The missions are all of the hunt/kill/rescue / deliver variety.I found some of them to be rather difficult but I never had to retry more than five times , so that ought to give you an idea of the overall difficulty . There are plenty of trophies too , but , annoyingly , a lot of them are rewarded for online play , which I am not really interested in.There are loads of guns and explosives and vehicles for you to experiment with , and almost everything in the entire gaming environment is destructible . I loved demolishing a towering skyscraper with a C4 package , tank or even air strike.Pros : Bright , colorful graphics featuring loads of sunshine and blue sky.Good music by Chris Tilton.Great voice acting by Peter Stormare.Grim satisfaction in gunning down adversaries and getting paid for each one.Cons : Annoying long drives between destinations.Timer on bets with friends used unfairly.Fiona 's repetitious dialogue got on my nerves.The cheap price is not a reflection of quality . If you find this game do n't hesitate to pick it up.Graphics ASound A+G ameplay A-Lasting Appeal A -
 Mercenaries 2 is one of the funnest games I 've played in quite awhile when it comes to mindless action . The explosions and vehicles in this game rival any so far . The missions are all pretty fun and vary between a variety of different activities for a variety of different factions . The weapons are all fun to shoot and the vehicles are all fun to drive . Luckily , all the things I just mentioned are done in such an awesome manner that it is fairly easy to ignore the bad points in this game.Bad Points
 Does this game have bugs/glitches ? Yes , most definitely . Is this game going to contend for game of the year ? Most definitely NOT . Are the graphics inconsistent in places ? Heck yes . At the end of the day , what really matters is gameplay ... Is this game FUN ? The answer is
 I love it . I like it mostly because there is some free roaming in it . I am a big fan of shooting random civilians and the bad guys and good guys . I enjoy taking cars and choppers . I am also a fan of BIG EXPLOSIONS and DESTRUCTION . I love the game .
 Mercinaries 2 is one of those `` free roam '' and it is quite a place to roam ! the graphics are actually quite nice , especially when your talking about explosions ! Only problem is the realism of the explosions
 A couple of weeks ago I received this game , I 'm still playing , I like the way how it develops , is game is very interesting and looks that I love very much and there 's always many challenges to be overcome.The game is good and I recommend everyone who likes the game with much action .
 I really liked this game . I like first person shooters like SOCOM , Agent 47 and the Medal of Honor series . What I liked about this title is ... a -RRB- the fact that you can blow up anything you want . Buildings , cars , trees , people , whateverb -RRB- theres a lots of vehicles . Cars , motorcycles , tanks , helicpoters , you name it . You can take any vehicle you want -LRB- or buy them -RRB- and drive or fly or sail all around if you dont feel like blowing anything up at the moment.c -RRB- re-play value . I hate titles you can get through in a day then your left repeating after that . Because of the number of options , choice of characters , choice of who you align with or against , there is tons of replay value.The game is story driven with an overall mission , but there are dozens of smaller missions you can choose to go on or not , or , as I said , just drive around and blow stuff up .
 This is an awesome game , I do n't care what anyone else says . The graphics are decent , but not perfect . The story line sounds like something you 'd hear on CNN and leaves a bit to be desired . The reason I like this game so much is the ability to go anywhere , do whatever , and blow up everything . It 's the perfect game to end a long day.Overall , this game would n't win any awards for being unique in any way , but it 's one of the best mindless distractions available for PS3
 This is a intense game , very hard without the guide !! So I say to all , get the guide . There is so much more to the gamethan meets the eye . So have fun and Game On people ; -RRB- !! Get the guide at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Not the best ps3 graphics but it came out a long time ago . Definately worth the $ 10-15 it 's going for now a days . I have n't gotten the online to work because my ISP blocks p2p ports such as are used by this game , but the single player is a lot of fun .
 THIS GAME IS SICK !! It 's awsome cause ' you get to blow up pretty much everything in sight , hijack helicopters , tanks , boats , and cars . The only thing i wish is that maybe the game would n't be so hard . and if you 're really bored with it you can take a helicopter hover above a busy road and drop your winch and wait for some car to pass by and when it hooks on to your winch lift it really high into the air then drop it .
 This was a gift for our granddaughter and she seemed very excited to get it , so we 're just guessing , but we think that rates a 5 star rating . . : - -RRB-
 I bought this game because of my experiances with the other sims games . I was not disappointed . It has all the features the previous games have and its bonus is the castaway stuff . The graphics are good and if you are a fan of Sims you have got to get this game .
 i love this game first time i bought i stayed up for 14 hours just to play and the second day i played all day i forgot to eat . the only thing i dont like about it is that to go to the other island it takes to long . when it loads it takes a long time . even to sleep in the game it takes too . it takes too long to finish one stage because of the loading . i would definitely buy another one if they made a 3rd one .
 There are so many Sims games out there now and it is difficult to discern which would keep your attention the longest . Rather than every day life , I chose the castaway version for my daughter and could n't be any more pleased with my decision . I was surprised to see it spoken in a different language , but the kids were fine with it . If you like Animal Crossing , you will love the Sims . Just be sure you have a memory card and press save before your little brother comes and turns it off on you and you lose everything you did in your last session .
 This is the funnest sims game I ever played!All the other sims game I feel so claustrophobic just playing on 1 lot.But on castaway theres TONS of places to explore!Before I bought castaway I was worried that I would have to come up with ideas and plans on how to build and survive etc. . Because I 'm not creative at all . So I was so relieved to find out that they have all the plans already there , you just have to unlock them and get the supplies for them.But there is a down side , as on all sims game.The firecode . But on castaway it 's even worse.I seriously have about 10 items on one lot and the firecode is already at the top!Although on every part of the island the firecode is like that.So you could live on 1 + parts on the island but it 's still a very frustrating pain .
 The Sims 2 Castaway is a good game . It 's not an addicting game that you ca n't stop playing , but its good for if you have nothing else to do . But overall , a fun game .
 I 've been playing Sims games on PC and PS2 since the original game came out and this is the funnest PS2 Sims game I 've played . The kids picked this out while I was getting Silent Hill Origins . I 've played Castaway several hours now and have n't even touched my game . Ha ! There 's so much to do and the game play is versatile and easy enough that even my 6 year old can play it but there are layers to it so adult players like me can enjoy solving puzzles and exploring the islands.One thing that threw us though was that you can only save one game to a memory card . Since PS2 memory cards are really cheap now I picked up a couple of them at the used game store -LRB- less than $ 10 for two 16mb cards -RRB- and now everyone can play without sharing a game .
 I 'm not too far into the game yet , but so far it is very cool and pretty fun ! The graphics are very good , in my opinion . I loved how my sims clothing got dirty and torn from walking in the jungle ; it was a very cool effect to have in the game . I loved being able to name the chimps and have them gather different resources so my sim did n't need to spend a couple sim hours gathering what she needed for a few sim days ; I also loved how they got excited seeing her and always wanted to hug my sim ! It almost teaches it 's players certain things when it comes to being stranded on an island ; how to build decent shelter , how to get fish or any kind of edible item , and how to stay sane enough . I know there 's plenty of mysteries I have n't gotten to , but I love what I 've been doing so far . I would also like to add that the water looks beautiful ! The waves , the sun shining down on it , the fish swimming around in it ! I would recommend this game to anyone of any age . It 's a good break from the PC versions and usual family , work , build a house routine .
 The Sims 2 Castaway is a fantastic game . It 's really fun . The only issue I have with the game is that your main Sim 's social bar goes down very quickly , and it 's hard to get it back up again when you can only interact with monkeys . Other than that , it 's definitely worth your time . The monkeys are hilarious , by the way .
 I love this game . I play it for hours . Some people are saying that the Sims computer games are better , but I honestly do n't think so . This game allows you to create all different objects and items from trees and plants . It 's really fun and you wo n't regret buying it .
 So many ps2 games are boy oriented . My daughter has found a games she loves ! She also has the book that goes with it . I highly recommend getting the book . The main drawback , you can only save 1 player . Boy is my son bummed .
 I just got this game and it 's fabulous ! You can explore different places on the island , play and talk to chimpanzees and make your own crew ! I love it and any Sims 2 lover should definitely buy it !
 Well i am a big SIMS 2 fan and since i already had the other games for ps2 well i decided to try the sims 2 cast away!What i loved about this game is that you can actually see your clothes getting dirty and old ! see your hair getting longer and the menu to interact with other or decide what to do with , well is similar to the one in the pc game . You can talk to monkeys and name them once your relationship with them is strong and you can actually ask them to bring stuff for you ... As the game goes on , you have to explore the islands in search of your crew -LRB- if you have one maximum of 6 -RRB- and as you climb or swim or build things you build up your skills.What i didnt like is that it takes forever to actually recognize all the fruits and plants on the island , that it takes a lot of material to build walls and everything else and if you want to destroy a wall or move it somewhere else you cant recuperate the material you used so it goes to waste . Sometimes you cant release all the passages in the game right away until you actually accomplish all the tasks in your book.There s a pretty big choice of furniture and all but i find that after a while , you just get bored of it or you re just tired of being lost on an island ... i seriously prefer the sims 2 on ps2 than cast away . Dont get me wrong it is interesting for the fact that its an original game but you just get bored fast ! Plus the graphics arent so great ! It would of been even more interesting if you could of populate the island and make the island at the end a resort but i guess this is not a pc game and you have to save everything in a memory card so it needs a limit ...
 We have two 10 year-old girls and they are really enjoying playing this game . One likes to explore the island , and the other one likes the swimming feature . The only thing they dont like , is that they cant play at the same time . They have to take turns . Overall , they enjoy this game and never get bored with it .
 As the title says , this is the funnest Sims game I 've ever played . Unlike trying to build a house , get a better job , stay happy , etc , this game puts you on the island , trying to survive and find a way off , uncovering clues and solving mysteries , and there is an end -LRB- that 's new to me ! -RRB- . You can be rescued in different ways and if you choose , you can come back after being rescued -LRB- beating the game -RRB- . This is one of those games where you can enjoy sitting and watching someone else play too . If you want a fun game to play , I recommend this game for all ages and I 'm sure you could find it for a decent price either new or used . I 'll not be selling mine though , thank you very much !
 The game was in very good shape . t was taken good care of . Would buy again . Was a gift for my granddaughter .
 I bought my game from Tracktown Treasures . I bought it in Used
 I love this game so much ! It was cheap , and shipped and arrived a week before it was due . I 'm so excited to play it !
 I bought this game recently because I really love Sims games -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00QAVV6Q Sims 2 Castaway -RSB- -RSB- , and I was not disapointed . I have spent many hours playing the game and I was totally absorbed in the fun of playing a Sims game the entire time that I was playing Sims 2 Castaway.This game is a little different from the other Sims games on the consoles because of the premise of game is different than that of the other ones that have been previously released.In this single player game you may have from 1-6 Sims that you are able to control . At the start where you are creating your Sims you are on a small boat . This is your crew and they will all become castaways on some deserted islands.I would recomend that you have at least two Sims or your Sim will be really lonely and having up to six is better , since you will have more Sims to help get things done.When the game begins you are alone on a deserted island and there are a series of goals to accomplish , to start with it is surviving on your own . This is because for a good part of the early game you have one Sim by herself . Later you will be reunited with the rest of your crew , but until then you need to survive.The goals are not particularly difficult and they add interest and fun to the game since the goals are an integral part of the premise to the game.I feel that the game has a lot of replay value and I certainly intend to play the game again after playing it twice so far .
 I have enjoyed this game because it was unlike other sims games . It has brought me hours of fun trying to master the different skills on the island .
 My 8 year old was given this game for Christmas . It has a T rating . Crude humor and mild violence do n't worry me but `` Suggestive themes '' does . He has his heart set on playing it but without me playing through the whole thing it is hard for me to tell what the reason for the T rating is . Can anyone who has played this let me know what they think about an 8 year old playing this game ?
 I like the Sims games . They are usually somewhat challenging and make you think , which is highly unusual in many video games today . I kept this game , along with other games for my PS2 , stashed away in my closet . One day , when my kids grow bored , I will show them this game to hopefully keep them busy -LRB- especially when I buy the the latest and the greatest videogame system for myself -RRB- . I 'd show them my Atari 2600 , but my dad sold it when I was a kid because he needed $ 30 . I hope this helps influence your decision if considering this game for purchase .
 As with many PS2 intense games , the loading times can be pretty bad . I am not saying it is horrible , but the loading between forests and doing stuff is pretty annoying sometimes . I have it for the PS2 . It is a load of fun , no pun intended . It can be pretty addicting . When I finally got ahold of figuring stuff out , I was playing it from 10pm to 1:30 am so you have to watch out . If I had the choice I would get it for the Wii instead , no loading times or very minimal .
 My kids love this game . They have copies of it for many game systems too . They play it fors hours on end , and always have something new to show me about thier game . I 've tried it myself , and it IS cool .
 I really liked how this Sims changed up the normal format and had you create almost all items used in the game , even your house . It was n't without its glitches though . When I would go to build a new shelter , sometimes it would not let me build a section of wall . It did this usually when I would get tired while building the shelter . In the middle of building the wall my Sim would freak and want to go to bed . After that , I could never finish that section of wall . Also , the chimps do n't wait nearly long enough when they bring you what they have collected for you . Half the time when I was in the middle of something and canceled my action to go to the chimp , it would take to long for my Sim to actually stop and go to the chimp . The chimp would leave with my stuff . Other than that , I really enjoyed the game and I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the console Sims games .
 This is the first Sims that I have bought for the Play Station 2 . Our PC 's ca n't hold anymore Sim expansions without over loading our computers . We are avid Sims players in our house and have loved the game since it first came out in the first format . We love Sims 2 . The game play for the Play Station Platform is Fabulous . You ca n't go and create a new game for someone once you start though - you need separate memory cards . If someone comes a long and wants to play and create a new Sim , your old game will be erased - so make sure you get a card or two to go with it.Game play is very cool . It 's fun to explore the different areas of the island . You can build up your talents and inventory to be able to make rafts , shelters , and find new foods to cook over your fire . There are lots of things to unlock and lots of treasures to find . I love finding the message in a bottle.If you create a crew , eventually you start to find your crew mates and that 's cool too.We got this for an early Christmas present to be able to play through the holidays and do n't regret it ! Super Fun - be prepared to loose a few hours with this enchanting game .
 I must admit this game is actually good . The onli problem I have is that it does not allow any others to join in , however you can create a crew of up to 6 people . The are various places to exlpore , new fashions to discover , and a journey to embark on . My favorite part is being able to make your clothes out of different tree leaves , vines , shells , and flowers . You can even create your own dye . Another fun part is going around `` identifying '' plants and trees . So far I have collected mangoes , blackberries , pineapples , starfruit , and a bunch of other items too . You can even get to build a sandbuddy to talk to to increase the stauts of your social bar , and if thats not good enuff why not talk to a monkey . But there is one thing that scares me , theres always this red parrot watching me while i sleep . lol CREEPY!I highly reccommend this game . I evn got a migraine from playing it 3 days straight . Well I dont wan na give to much away , buy it and see for yourself , if you loved the classic Sims , you 'll definatley enjoy this one .
 this is an excellent sims game -LRB- and I am amazed I am saying this -RRB- most of the sims games have not enthused me with their gameplayhowever we have a whole new game here and I have to say it 's fun , it 's a blast to play -LRB- although the repeated monkey hugging is a little ... Odd -RRB- you can cusomize just about everything on your sim from glasses and watches to clothing , pants , shirt , and shoes . it is quite impressive but more impressive is how the game comes together and delivers a very fun experience.Truly it 's a blast when you Finally build your dwelling and have your fire going and truly anything can happen -LRB- my 1st time in my sim caused a fire and after his bed burned up he went quite mad and would not listen it was hilarious ! -RRB- this is a game like simcity that I am sure many others will return to over and over.Graphics
 I am a newcomer in the world of Sims . Many years ago I tried Sim City on my old PC and was not impressed with it and have n't tried a Sims game since , until now ... I just purchased a new Playstation 3 . Game selections are minimal for PS3 as of yet however if you get the newest one with the largest harddrive , you 'll have one that will also allow you to play PS2 games . So I thought I would give this game a try . OH MY!From the moment I put this game in my system , I was addicted . This game is wonderful from beginning to end . The best game I have ever played . From creating your Sims , -LRB- I created all six -RRB- to escaping from the island and there are actually several ways to escape the island . I have escaped twice already and went back to live on the island because I wanted to complete all the tasks , which I have now done and continue to live on the island because well heck . . I just love living on the island and I do n't want this wonderful adventure to be over with . This game is jam packed with adventure , treasure hunting , building skills , and survival skills . And if you think you might go to bed . . lo and behold . . you find yet another entrance to another place to travel and explore . I love it so much that I have ordered every Sims game that I can find . I would highly recommend this game but be prepared to lose a lot of real life time . A few thoughts that may be helpful . . I have read some reviews about the fact that you have to use several memory cards to save this game , if it 's possible for you to upgrade to the newest PS3 , you can save the game on the harddrive and no memory cards are needed and your gameplay is endless . Not sure but you may be able to save more than one game so others can start new games without you losing yours . My biggest disappointment with the game is the limit on things that you can build in one location and the fires , I have learned how to deal with the fires though , simply build an outhouse and get rid of the firepit , that cuts way down on the number of fires that get started.I personally recommend this game for ages 13 + . Graphics - 4 starsSound - 5 starsGameplay - 5 starsHope you find this helpful .
 I have never had so much fun playing a video game ! You earn skills in new and unique ways and you learn to survive . I got lost in playing on the first day -- I played for over an hour !! I also have the strategy guide to go with it , so I have a guide to help me when I get stuck ! The graphics are amazing -- I do n't know where people get off saying that they are not good ... This is one game that I am not sorry that I purchased !
 I 've been playing this on my husband 's PS3 . I was disappointed to find that you could n't procreate with your crew lol . How am I supposed to populate the island ? I `` succeeded '' in escaping the island after only one very long day of gameplay , but I chose not to leave and stayed back to hopefully get 100 % goal completion . I still have n't accomplished this =-RRB- It 's a fun game , but I ca n't help think they could have left it a little more open to extend island life with children of the `` survivors '' =D You should definately get it if you enjoy the SIMS !
 This is by far the best videogame I have ever played . Your sim gets stranded on a deserted island and you must gather resources and skills to progress and keep yourself alive . The fun meter is off the scale ! I like all the `` work '' you have to put into gathering resources , learning how to fish , surviving rainstorms , etc. . Also , if you do n't sleep or eat - you die ! So there 's a constant tension to stay on your toes.Sims 2 Castaway has a tiny bit of a `` Myst '' quality to it , as well . You have to find all these clues to solve the puzzle - which I still have n't solved yet . I would like to see more of a merging of the `` Myst '' puzzle games with the `` Sims '' concept in the future.Adult videogamers who are n't into blood , guts and gore , sports or Nascar , but still find a good video game intoxicating can sure use more games like this one!Highly recommended !!!
 Hubby is the gamer in the house and I have seen a lot of games pass through our PS2 , but this one is ALL MINE !! Originally , I bought it for him , but he was n't into it because he could n't win it in 3 or 4 sittings . He 's the type of guy who will sit down and play it through and try to win it as fast as he can . This game is a lot more involved than that . You spend a lot of time collecting and gathering , which is quite relaxing . If I play this game late at night I find myself dozing off and it 's not because it 's boring ... it 's just a nice , slow-paced game . There are many goals you must accomplish which are established in books and journals that are found on the beaches . Your sim will find a lot of objects that will become useful.To sum it up , you create your sim or group of sims -LRB- I think you can have up to six , but I only created two -RRB- . You get thrown off your boat and stranded and you must find a way to survive on your own , find your crewmates , travel around the island , discover new islands -LRB- and treasures -RRB- , and your goal is to eventually radio for help.I have put MANY hours into it and I 've made it to the third island , but still have a long way to go . I might suggest a strategy guide , although I have not used one . You can probably find a lot of valuable information via the internet . I would suggest renting this one to see if it 's your cup of tea . I personally enjoy it a lot , but it 's tricky . I have n't seen a reason why it could n't be played by a kid -LRB- no bad content -- correct me if I 'm wrong -RRB- aside from the sims using the toilet , which is done behind a curtain and bathing , which is done in underwear with a blur over the private areas . You can get attacked by a pig , which startles you , but there is just a dust cloud , no blood ... and if you do n't take care of yourself you will die , but your other sims can bring you back to life with potion .
 Except for Crystal Island , the islands are beautiful . Enjoyed the island music . The only natives on the one for PlayStation 2 are the chimps . There is a white box or space beneath each crew members picture when you are viewing relationships in personal info , as if there is supose to be a bio , but the bio 's are missing . We are not given the option of writing bios when creating or editing our crew members . So why that white space is here under our sims picture is a mystery . There is nothing to make note of a change in the relationship with crew members other than the blue and green face which indicates if they 're friend or best friend . There is no heart or rings after a sim becomes engaged or married , it is the same as before the proposal was accepted . There are instruments to be made and played , but other crew members ca n't raise their fun levels by listening to the music or dancing . Can only dance to the radio after finding it . Social Interactions with other crew members are lacking , and disapointing . Many of the interactions that we are use to , and have always assumed would be in later sims games - like flirt - are missing . We are given a Wedding Beanie instead of a wedding wreath or crown . Does n't look bad on a female sim , but on a male sim ? A Beanie on a male sim ? Could he look any geekier ? The Fortified Campfire causes fires no matter how much space you have , how often you collect the ashes , even when there is nothing like - food - set near it . DO NOT use the Fortified Campfire , it ca n't be removed after you build it , and you 're constantly putting out fires then sending your sims into the water to raise their hygiene . It 's a glitch that should have been caught and fixed before the game was released . The S.O.S. rescue scene was disapointing , but maybe the Boat rescue scene is better - I 'm playing a second time to find out.I loved the clothing - though I would have liked more clothing options while creating my sims - and the music and chimps . My sims hugging chimps , cute !! All of the islands are beautiful , except for Crystal Island . The treasure is disapointing . I 'm not going to spoil it for you by telling you what 's in Beard 's Beard 's treasure chest , but if you 're expecting gold and jewels , something very valuable like that -LRB- after all it 's a pirates treasure chest -RRB- , you WILL be disapointed.This game is about survival and rescue , so I understand why the sims can not have children while they are learning how to survive on a deserted island and trying to get rescued . BUT -LRB- Spoiler-sorry -RRB- after rescue your sim is given a choice of whether they wish to continue on the island . You 've just won the game -LRB- you were rescued -RRB- , you 've chosen to live on the island , meaning you 're a native of the island . If you think that now your sim will be able to have children , your wrong . You ca n't create teenagers , and your adult sims can not have children even after they are rescued and choose to live their life on the island . Maybe it 's different with the pc version . I hope so.BUT I love that their clothing gets tattered so that the sims have to make new clothing which increases a very important skill . And their hair grows ! Hopefully their hair growing will be in later sims games made after this , but I wo n't hold my breath.I know after reading my review , it sounds like I hate this game . I do n't . I 've been waiting for this game to come out ever since I heard that they were making it . I had very high hopes for this game . Maybe my expectations for this game was too high , I do n't know . I like this game , it 's worth buying and playing , but I am much too disapointed to love it . It 's different enough from the previous sims games to buy , play and keep , BUT not as good as Sims In The City and Sims Bustin ' Out . Sims Pets is also better than this one .
 The game is great however this is a prerelease demo , not the actual game , beware of this to avoid disappointment
 This DVD has the following content on the main menu : - Videos - Single Player Demo - Exclusive Maps - Full Soundtrack - Screenshots - Desktop Wallpapers - Concept Art - Sierra Bonus ContentFor $ 1 this is great , especially if you need to get to $ 25 for free shipping . Just remember , this comes on DVD , so you need a DVD drive .
 This is a great simulation of B-17 bombers flying into battle during ww2 . It is much better than `` The First Over Germany '' which was a dos game years ago which I thought was the best ever . I was searching for a game like this for windows xp . This game is not a true flight simulator . You get to change positions in the plane while all the other people cover there jobs . Great game a joy to play .
 I picked one up last weekend , while I cant comment on battery life yet it works great and does what I needed it for . The keyboard and mouse pointer work every time and with no delay at 10 feet . I took it as far away as I could and still see the tv -LRB- maybe 25-30 feet back -RRB- and it was still working fine . No drivers needed , just plug it in , push the connect buttons on the keyboard & receiver and it works .
 I use this keyboard a lot and it 's made my life much easier.I have a big 50 '' screen and my sofa is several feet away . I 've tried other wireless keyboards but they did n't have long enough range to be effective . Plus using a seperate mouse was akward because it kept getting seperated and there was no consistant surface to use it with.The natural solution was to get a wireless keyboard/mouse combo . The most popular ones have a trackball , but I know these can hurt your thumb if you over-use them , so I went for the joystick . With a joystick you do n't need to lift your thumb to get from A to B.The wireless range on the Scorpius is the longest I 've used . It works across the room -LRB- 17 feet -RRB- and that 's the furthest I 've tried , since I ca n't even read the screen at further distance . The only problem I have is that the wireless only works if the keyboard is in line-of-site with the receiver , which means even a hand blocking the way seems to cause keystrokes not to be registered.The joystick itself is great . Perfect.The keyboard layout is very compact , which doesnt make it ideal for input-intensive tasks . I was doing some programming and it took some fair getting-use-to , to avoid pressing the wrong keys . The up/down/left / right is particularily awkward.The biggest and final issue with the keyboard is the ` function ' button , placed in the bottom left . If pressed this changes every key to give a different response . When I first pressed it , accidentally , I thought the keyboard was broken . Friends who want to use the computer are always pressing it and I have to explain . It 's right beside the shift and control so it gets pressed an awful lot , even now that I 'm used to the keyboard layout . A bit annoying.I 've had the thing for 2 months and I 've never changed the batteries . It 's great at parties as an easy music control , people are less reluctant to give the computer a go , I can stroll around with it or pass it over to someone else.So , to sum it up , if you want distance greater than 6 feet in a combo keyboard/mouse this is a great solution with some minor layout frustrations .
 good game for what it is , and would reccomend it . good consistent action and mission based conquest over ruling factions in south america .
 The game play is great action is good but graphics are not much improved from previous version .
 Little glitchy , and the guys with the rpgs reload way to fast , but if you liked the 1st one you ` ll love this one too .
 Yes ! This game is the best `` Mercenaries '' yet because the clear tropical setting is better than the dark and cold Korean setting in Mercenaries 1 , there are few missions on this one but they are LOADED WITH LOT 'S OF FUN AND EXCITEMENT !! , you can now drive boats or swim , the main character look 's COOOLER than in the first game , the vehicles are better , and the cheats are the same as the first game.This game is basically the same Mercenaries 1 but with some sligh changes . The only things that I found annoying are that you have to see some control bottons when you highjack a vehicle , there are no motorcycles like in the PS3 version , and you must save the game in different files so you can jump to your favorite missions because you wo n't have all the accessories when you finish the game.P.S
 It is as exciting as the first , but does n't last as long . After playing the first one for so long , the second was pretty easy to do and it went pretty fast .
 I am really enjoying this game , dispite what others may say about the game , it does n't give me the same unsatifactory feeling they are expressing.The game offers different scenerios that you must play out inorder to advance with the game play . The game only draw back is that I wish there were two-player co-op play on the PS2
 I really enjoyed the first one and the sequel is an improvement . The addition of boats/swimming and the ability to have a base to store all your vehicles/weapons is very nice . It 's a great `` shoot-em up '' experience that is n't overly challenging . The map is so big that sometimes it 's gets a little boring moving from one side to the other .
 We love this game . Plays like a movie which is AWESOME ! I have the first Mercenaries , and it 's not as cool .
 Very similar to the first game . Controls are non-standard so they take some practice , but overall a good game.I really like that you can commandeer any vehicle you can get close to , and they have a wide array of weapons to pick up , find or have dropped for you .
 I really liked this game , I was also impressed on how fast it shipped to my house . The gameplay was very creative , I found it a little short and I was I was disapointed that you ca n't play online . Other than that I love to blow stuff up and hijack all kinds of vehicles including copters , boats and tanks . There was also a great selection of guns . It also has that hint of humor that everyone likes . I like to think of it as a Grand Theft Auto in a warzone .
 Rainbow Six 3 is simply one of the best games out there for the Gamecube - extremely fun AND re-playable , Six 3 has amazing gameplay , controls and a realism that will make you want to keep playing hours on end.GRAPHICS - phenomenal ; not `` blocky '' in the slightest sense , and crafted with a loving attention to detail . Every scenario is smooth and refreshingly unique as a result -LRB- making gameplay so much better !! -RRB- thus giving the game an excellent sense of realism . You feel like you 're actually there and not sitting in front of the TV playing a game - try the Alcatraz or Penthouse levels to see what I mean !! MISSIONS and GAMEPLAY - Highly re-playable ; I 've completed it on various difficulty settings and am still taken by surprise at how fresh all the levels seem . This is because Six 3 has a very good variety of scenarios -LRB- you fight in different geographical locations such as Venezuela , Saudia Arabia or San Fransisco -RRB- AND a consistent storyline . You are the leader of a squad and it 's therefore in your best interest to keep you men alive - and they 're great at covering you in a tight situation . The command orders are not hard to use and the `` zulu function '' - whereby you can make a team wait before breaching/entering a room - is ingenious , and therefore your Rainbow team members become assets , not people who get in the way of combat.MUSIC AND SOUND - Perfect . I used to study film score composition and this is an excellent piece of writing for the game ; it comes on in crucial moments and can really make chills go up your spine . All the right gun sounds have been used , the explosions are fun and the sound of the enemy is crucial in detecting them . Again , excellent realism.GUNS + EQUIPMENT - You have an amazing arsenal of weapons to choose from , and each fire realistically . For example , your shotgun is satisfyingly effective at short ranges but ca n't hit a barn door for longer distances , whilst the assault rifles really do rip into the enemy they get hit . Thermal vision acts like it does in real life as does night vision - from teargas , phosphorus grenades and Desert Eagles you have everything at your disposal , and you will get to use it all during the game!So as you can probably see Rainbow Six 3 is A MUST HAVE - you have n't lived a true Gamecube experience without playing this . It 's fantastic in almost every aspect of it 's gameplay , controls and scenarios and provides for many hours of great entertainment.Buy it , and you 'll see what I mean ; -RRB-
 Every gaming site gave this game average scores but when you read the review it 's only because it was n't like the old Rainbow games . Well I got to see the game on the Xbox and no it 's not like the older Rainbow games it 's better . The graphics are Splinter Cell and the same with the sound but more louder . SO if you liked Splinter Cells graphics this will be fine same with sound . Gameplay along with level design is well done . I read the Gamecube version will have more features then the other systems along with levels which makes this the best one to buy . I would reccomend checking this out if you like shooters but if you do n't like being in heavy action forget this game because it comes loaded with all the action you would need . Just think of this game and how it looked on the Xbox ??? now on the Gamecube . Their will be a major diffrence on the good side .
 Ive always been a die-hard Rainbow six fan . When I heard that it was coming out for the gamecube , I got it the first day it came out . it was way better then the other Rainbow Six games.Graphics-9 \ 10Sound-8 \ 10Replay Value-10 \ 10Overall-I highly Recommend this game !
 This came compares largely with Medal of Honor for Gamecube
 im not being snotty by saying the good review , im just rating the GAMECUB version not the ps2 or somthing.r63 is a great game with tight controls and fun gameplay.GamePLAy - r63 gameplay is outstanding . if your someone looking for a insanely tactical game , its right here.the controls are nice and it is easy to select a weapon with there quike select thing . the aiming is persise and even newbies to fps 's and or tactical games can still have fun . the game has a tutorial to help you figure out how to run the game . after that you should be having a great time.if u beat the game the re-playability is huge HUGE !!!!! you can re-play all the missions with a friend in co-op or by yourself . u can play the whole mission or terrist hunt -LRB- self explanitory -RRB- Graphics - grphically this game can be disipointing . it tries to do what the x-box did but did not come over so smooth . grphics are not as good and a little blocky at times . the framerate suffers a bit but it helps u aim at times -LRB- what > ?????? -RRB- but otherwise there are som nifty cool things you can do in the game like look at your shadow with there dynamic lighting and so forth.overall ... -LRB- note * i use faces to determine the score -RRB- GAMEPLAY - fun exiting tactical fun -LCB- ^_^ -RCB- / -LSB- ^_^ -RCB- -LRB- thats the best score on the right its like having 8/10 or 3/5 but i desided to use faces out of the best faces ... -RRB- graphics-somewhat disipointing but there passible =-LRB- / -LCB- ^_^ -RCB- sound - its cool B -RRB- / -LCB- ^_^ -RCB-
 This a really fun game ! The graphics are good , and the action is always there . Even replaying levels that you 've played many times , you will always be on the edge of your seat . The many weapon selections gives the same level a new twist each time you play it . If you love action , I highly recommend Rainbow six 3 !
 is there a sniper rifle in this game ?
 I am basing my positive review of this game Dinosaur Battles on the following
 i just got this game for my birthday , which is n't really until next week . but ... and it looked like it would be fun and it was . you get to go on an iland and find all kinds of dinosaurs -LRB- i think there are 6-8 of them , all different -RRB- and then you get some dinosaurs and you can give them a bunch of different cool powers like makeing their tails swipe or their claws razor sharp . and then you have these bad guy dinos that you have to kill -LRB- well , you don ; ' t really kill them because they get up and skunk away when you beat them and that is funny to watch !! there 's a story in the game too so its not just one fight after another , you have to think a little bit and i like that the fighting is a part that you have to think about too . i am not finished with the game yet there are a bunch of levels but i am getting closer to finding out the secret and that makes me want to keep playing . if you know a kid who really likes dinosaurs and fighting games for the PC or for the mac , then this is the game for you !
 My twin 5 year boys love this game . They can do everything except activiate the DNA in each skill . I have to do that for them . However , they can handle all of the battles and they have completely solved the game . I really enjoy playing it too ! For those of you stuck on the aklosaurus , the online help of this game will get you through it . There is NO WAY we would have figured out how to complete this whole game without the online help . I strongly suggest printing it off and keeping it on hand . Anyway , the only way to defeat any armoured dinosaur is to use the piercing skills . They are usually the yellow skills with the word pierce or piercing in their name .
 I like this game . It is better than most of the dinosaur games I have played because their is a real strategy in being able to fight the different dinosours , not just hacking them up until they die . I also like that there 's no blood and my little brother and I can play together . GGREAT JOB ! MAKE SURE YOU PLAY IT B4 YOU RATE IT !!!
 I gave my eight year old son this game , and he has been playing it with enjoyment for the past six months . He has played it with each of his friends on playdates , and several of them have purchased it and play it at home now . It is essentially an exercise in optimization -- how to configure the dinosaurs so they will battle most effectively . It takes patience , strategy , and skill to create winning dinosaurs . I believe my son is learning while he plays . Fortunately , the battles are realistic enough to be satisfying but not gory or upsetting -- the defeated dinosaurs do n't die , they just moan and slink off . An additional plus
 This game is very fun , challenging , cool , but hard . I 've been trying everything , every attack . I get stuck with the aklyasaurus . I have to rescue Kirby -LRB- a camper from the game -RRB- from the aklyasaurus guarding him . Kirby is very smart and can figure out what the code is on the dam . Another aklyasaurus is guarding Dr. Cort 's lab filled with info of Ingen_files . Every time I use an attack on it , the screen says `` Attack blocked by armor '' . If only I could get past the aklyasaurus I could move on and go to the next level . SOME ONE HELP ME !
 Usually , my kids get bored with a computer game after a few days , and my wife and I play them only to help the kids . But with Dinosaur Battles , we all play -- and we 've been playing since last October -LRB- 6 months ago -RRB- . The reason we like the game , I think , is because it has endless variations , all of which can be challenging .
 I am 9 years old and I have been playing this game for a few years . The first time I played it , it was quite difficult because I could never get past the protectors through the different lands . The game is really fun . The way to get your dinosaurs to win their battles against the stronger dinosaurs is to get skills from winning battles against weaker dinosaurs and then go to the DNA lab to get stronger . The purpose of the game is to stop an evil scientist from cloning dinosaurs and causing trouble . The way you do this is to first get past the Hatchling Velociraptor which guards you from all of Jurassic Park . Then you travel from land to land , each time getting a new dinosaur to use . The third land is the hardest one because you have to fight Aaron 's Triceratops . Finally , when you get past all of the lands , you need to beat the Prime Spinosaurus using your own spinosaurus . You will earn a great skill that you can use . This game was fun , but be careful because dinosaurs are on the rampage !
 Jurassic Park Dinosaur Battles 3-D is Great ! It is also fun ! You get to control your own dinosaurs and battle other dinosaurs on Isla Sorna ! The dinosaurs that you can control and battle areVelociraptors,Stegosaurus,Triceratops,Gallimimus,Dilophosaurus,T-rex , Spinosaurus , and Ankylosaurus . You can also control and battle Pteranodons . ! The game is super hard . I still ca n`t get pass one of the Ankylosaurus !
 This is a good game , but is a little hard for a four year old . He loves to play with his dad , though !
 I think this game is great in many differet ways because there is no gore or violence , the game has 3D graphics which is the best , you gain dinosaurs like T-rex , Spinosaurus , Velociraptor and much more , you also gain attacks along the way , and it doe n't need a scanner like scan command does because Dinosaur Battles already has 500 or more peices . So I rate Dinosaur Battles a 5 is because almost anyone can play it and it 's fun !
 i think this is a great game i am a true master at it im only 10 and im a great hacker i like it but i wish this game was a little bit more gory because i have a game called warpath jurassic park and that is so bloody you feel there pain but anyway this is a great game i just wish i could beat spiny my t.rex can.t wipe him out .
 ok I cut my teeth with the PC Rainbow Six back in 1999 . In the pc version , you have a lot of freedom to choose your team , where they will enter and exit , what they will do once there etc. . Naturally this means a lot of pre-planning before you actually start the mission . The PS 2 version of things is definitely geared more towards action and less towards planning and stealth . That 's not necessarily bad , but if you are a fan of the PC version of Rogue Spear or Raven Shield , please understand that this game is lot more like Soldier of Fortune - a very linear shooter with the emphasis on action . R6 vets will recognize a lot of the maps - most of them are modified versions of the maps found in Raven Shield.Still I enjoyed this game . In this game you can do a few things which you ca n't do -LRB- or do easily -RRB- in the pc version . For example , using zulu go codes , you can leave your team while you go and do something else . This is especially fun if you want to set up an attack from more than one side of a room . Unfortunately , since the game is very linear and you do n't have a map , you do n't get to do this a whole lot , and usually you can tell when the map wants you to do it that way -LRB- two doors side by side -RRB- . And since you do n't plan stuff out in advance , you can simply back up and retreat if things go wrong . You character can take up to 4 shots in the game - the PC R6 is one shot , one kill unless the enemy is very far away.It 's fun to drop this in for some old school shooter action with realistic weapons and maps . Just do n't expect the same experience as the PC version .
 You know what ? I love the first person shooter games and I am a big fan of the Bond games . For some reason I love the sound of a loading gun and this is the satisfaction I have been waiting for in a game . This is one of the best first person shooters ... well ... one of the BEST GAMES I have played.First of all I like the weapin choice . You can really customize what you are fighting with . You have a primary , secondary , high explosive and covert weapons to chose from . Some of those missions I will tell you ... they were really hard . the best thing in the game was what you could do with your team-mates . You could tell them what to do and they were the ones who made the mission that much easier . There is a window that popps up when you want them to interact with the environment , like doors and so on . I have to give this game a 5 out of 5 because first of all the graphics are incredable , it is a challenge , it makes you think , and it is just another fine product of the Tom Clancy mind !!
 besides the few minor things that bug me its a great tactical fps , the deaths are sometimes very unrealistic , and sometimes enemies shoot running with 1 hand with an ak but that doesnt make it unplayable just kinda funny and weird . you can pick your equipment and order your 3 man squad squad , also there is no sprint but there is a peek feautre to look around things
 This game has action strategy and tons of shooting . You play as Ding who is a american leader of team rainbow . There are 15 missions . I am on the 5 or 6 mission . In the game you get to tell your guys to do . I like how your guys really help you in the game . When there was a terrorist who kept killing the hostage , I told my guys to go and kill him and they did with speed and strategy . I love how hard and smart the A.I. are . they will one hand a machine gun and do anything to kill you . You have to be smart and order quick instructions to your teammates . If you tell themto do nothing at all then you will preety much lose the mission . So ovveral you really have to communicate . Now there is a mode where you do your own mission , `` AKA custom mission '' . It is where you chose a map that you have unlocked and you chose a game type such as practice mission or terrorist hunt Wich is really fun ! you chose you weapon , and also you start out with all the guns from the start , there are 30 guns . So any way you chose your weapon and then you and your team hunt terrorist ! Now 2 player is fun it is the same as custom mission just it is just you and your friend . Online looks fun but I have never tried it . Overal great game for people who like tactics and shooting .
 This game is great , if you like squad based tactics , this is your game . Well worth the money .
 i just got back from the store where i bought it i just bought it because i like the rainbow six series especially rogue spear and urban ops ... i am Very Impressed with it and it is an awsome game , i would reccomend it to people that play games online a lot especially rainbow six series , you have a lot of weapons to choose from or you can download lots of mods online .
 Having been a fan of the PC-based Rainbow Six series , and seeing the dismal ports on PSX and N64 , I was somewhat apprehensive about this title . However , I was pleasntly surprised . So , without further delay , here is my breakdown of this game.CONCEPT
 i 've had this game on xbox since it 's release & it is fantastic . online . it 's even better . the reason i preordered it for ps2 is due to the exclusive stuff for the ps2 version . off line split screen co-op , altered maps from the xbox version , a new map only on the ps2 , & live enabled . as of now , it wo n't support as many as xbox on line . i 've seen as many as 12 people in a room -LRB- team survival -RRB- 6 on each team . terrorist hunt is my favorite on line . now matter how many times you do the same map over , it 's still a challenge .
 If you have n't played the earlier Rainbow Six series , here 's a brief rundown
 I ca n't believe that RS
 Battle the world 's terrorists in several intense missions . I like this game so much that I bought it first on computer , then on XBOX and nearly an year I am enjoying this game . Now its turn of PS2 . This game is game of the year on XBOX , and so its gon na be for PS2Massive online Playing game .
 This is a pretty sweet game , especially online . I love playing this game online , its fun as hell . Also the single player missions are good too , very intense . Overall a GREAT game that you shouldnt miss if your a fan of realistic shooting games .
 I was n't sure about this game because the Jungle Storm games I was horrible at , but this game was GREAT ! I loved the different missions and the fact that I got to order the men around . I 've played games with similar objectives where you control other characters and it did n't work for me , but this one was easy to catch on to and kept me up playing it until late into the night.I played the PS2 version which I hear is different than the XBOX version but it still made me feel good that I 'd chosen this game . The graphics are good the action makes you feel like you are there and it never gets boring . Although the shooting and blasting are there you never know where the bad guys are and each mission is challenging ! LOVE IT !!! For Christmas I want the XBOX and this game : -RRB-
 This tom clancey game is the best game that I have ever played . It takes place in 2007 and you are killing terrorists/counterterrorists . I have been playing this game every day since I bought it . I love it . It is definetly on my top list of best video games ever !
 This game Is so real I could n't believe it , most games you shoot people a 100 times and they do n't go down and you can get hit 500 times before you die but on this game 1 shot 1 kill thats why I liked it I have played alot of first person shooters but this is the best .
 This is the best game i ever seen . Much better than 007 . I think all the people mus play this game .
 Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3
 This is one of my favorite Tom Clancy video games!Graphics
 TOM CLANCY REALY OUTDONE HIMSELF THIS GAME IS MUCH BETTER THEN SPLINTERCELL . THE ACTION IS AWSOME ! THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT ! AND THE STORYLINE IS GREAT !
 This contoller is sooo neat . My children absolutly love it . They use it all the time . The teeth and eyes are actual buttons . It vibrates and does everything that the regular playstation control pads do . It works great . We give it two thumbs up .
 i got this item fast ! it has amazing gameplay with it ! i use it almost everyday and the buttons arnt hard to press , , , its not really bulky !!!
 first one was defective or something * shrug * but i contacted seller and got prompt responses and a new controller A + + +
 My son uses this controller all the time and have n't had any problems with it . It was a good purchase .
 Wow this is -LSB- so -RSB- cool.You get to spend some quality time with spondgebob.Well , at least your hands get -LSB- too -RSB- .
 this is a bad contoller to get its very hard to grip and everything , get another controller .
 ILL BOUGHT THIS IN TOYS R US BECAUSE ILL SEE IT INTERNET AND MI SURPRISE IS THAT IS BETTER THHAN ILL THINK THE TEETH ARE BUTTONSIT IS AWESOME AND IT HAVE A REALLY COOL SPONGEBOB DESIGN . & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; BOUGHT IT BEFORE IT STOCK OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Dynasty Warriors vol .2 is much better than the first dynasty warriors . i started playing the game and i noticed that the gameplay is much better at the start before starting the battle your bodyguards had rankings the more ranking the stronger you got , i saw that now you can choose a weapon selection to use in battle a max of 8 spaces . i loved that there was a stable that you can obtain horses or elephants to bring into the battle note they also gain in rank and get stronger.The starting of the battle i noticed that the battle map was larger than the last dynasty warriors , the battle was smooth meaning if there was alot of enemies attacking you the screen would not slow up , and the battle music is always different for example if you were playing the battle of the yellow turbans you would hear the music playing the whole stage not the same old music over and over like the last game , and the game has a musou rage which is a big improvement to winning a battle , one thing i like is the bodyguards AI they can be very helpful when you need them though sometimes its takes to go near them sometimes otherwise they sometimes will follow you and aid you in battle and trust me they can be very helpful i know they help me out of tight situations , one more thing there are two types of special missions one being helping a village or two finding a treasure trove note the treasure trove has very strong warriors reaching levels 8-10 and believe me if you are not strong enough they will do a number on you the enemy AI are very strong soo be careful.After the battle when its over you get experence points which you earn and then use to increase your bodyguards rank they do increase during battle but this helps out more and unlocking better statis that can help you in further battles , you also get weapons if you complete a mini mission or a certain warrior . as you increase in points you gain more control points this is the biggest plus in the whole game why ? because you are now able to have more stronger bodyguards on your side and able for the first time have two what i call important people and if you had the right combination you will get a bonus statis , and you get to obtain new and more bodyguards and if you complete the whole stage you unlock a special bodyguard.One more thing the multiplayer modes they give you four to choose from Bombs away , time attack , battle royal , and sudden death i would not bother with the multiplayer the free mode and musou mode are the ones you will love very much.there are over 50 stages so there are more battles for you to play and more time will be passing by.I highly recommend this game .
 this game lives up to the name . it has great history and gameplayhowever one flaw is you have to slowly take over each little camp which is takes too long . Sometime I usually like making my character really strong and storming the main camp like in the xbox 360 games or ps3.PSP however makes you go from camp to camp and you cant just run into the enemy main camp
 Dynasty Warrior Vol 2 for the psp is a great product on the market for the psp ! If you have time on your hands and love fighting/strategy games , then this game is for you ! Loads of fun and so many different characters to pick from ! You wont be able to put down this game !
 Great graphics and game play . Activision contuines to improve the games they create . Very happy with this game .
 If you 've seen COD and COD finest hour and if you 've played online against others from around the world then you need to purchase COD 2 . Many servers will now be running COD 2 and you 'll want to be online when they do!The graphics are intense the colors are bright and crisp , the details are in line with the scenerio and the new setups for the first person soldier go into better detail and give more info than the previous two versions of COD.It 's explosive right out of the box and if you do n't have the latest graphics card with top of the line hardware then this game will help you to decide to go out and purchase the needed upgrades ! Totally a blast to play and I highly recommend this game to all those that love first person WWII shootign scenerios!So stop reading and start playing!Master Chef
 Was nice to play for its time and I would probably play it today . Definitely one of the COD series that helped establish its popularity .
 Game is in great condition . Seller shipped immediately ... thanks!Communication was also good , and always answered in a timely manner .
 He loves playing it and it always looked fun ... I 'm just not a hard-core gamer who only plays first person shooters like he is . The XBox Live feature made it possible for him to spend hours & hours every single night playing & talking with others .
 Definately an AWESOME game . But let me tell all of you something . DONT buy this product for the campaign mode -LRB- or adventure mode , etc. . . -RRB- buy it for the online multiplayer !!! YOU can play locally in your city , or ANYWHERE around the world !!! An also addition to this game is that there are over 200 severs for online !!! and the best part ... the ONLINE multiplayer is ... FREEEEE !!!! NO FEES ... EVER !!! thats right ... FREE ... FOREVER !! I got this for my B-day , and it was the best thing i got ! I couldnt believe , no payments . I couldnt even believe that there was no hook-up cords to the computer you needed ! Just click multiplayer when you download the game , and you go into ONLINE multiplayer action !! I suggest it to anybody ... you heard me ... ANYBODY . I hope this was a helpful review !!! - Liam Klaxon , VA
 This game is so ... so ... good , you do n't have to use cheats anymore , I used to be a hardcore first person shooter , but then all the games are the same , run for medpacks , collect ammunition , stuff like that , well it 's all gone here . Health
 This game is more fun than a 50 caliber Machine gun , almost . I love killing Nazis . My Dad was a Nazi killer in WW II . I was a VC Killer . It sucked . Rather have been in Europe , with the decent seasonal changes and a war that was fought by Generals who did n't have their heads up their butts -LRB- many of them anyway -RRB- . Who ever heard of losing 500 men to take a hill , then give it back to the enemy 48 hours later , only to return in a month and lose another 600 men taking the damned thing again ? Vietnam was a Military , Industrial , Congressional Complex PROFIT EXERCISE . Damn the human lives lost ! They got RICH , and have been doing it to us ever since . IRAQ , same same Vietnam .
 This is one great game . While I dont think its better then the first , anyone who likes FPS , or WWII games should definetly pick this one up.Let me talk about the graphics first . Overall this is a very tight looking package . Textures , normal mapping , the works . It ranks up there with the F.E.A.R. 's and Half Life 2 's of the world . The only problem is that the game slows down -LRB- on pc , no slowdown on Xbox 360 version -RRB- when alot of smoke is on screen . But when your in the smoke , you dont notice much because you cant see that well . A great looking game all around.The sound in the game is good as well . There are a couple of problems , but for now Ill stick to the good . The voiceovers are top notch . They are done by many actors from the Band of Brothers series . Its funny , you can notice that its Malarky , Garneir , Pencala , and others voices in the game . Adds a good feel to the sound . The battle sounds are great also . Guns sound great for the most part , and explosions and what not all sound great . Music is great as well . There are a couple of problems with the sound though . One , the battle chatter system always sounds like your fellow soldiers are no more then 2 feet away , when , like on the Pointe du Hoc level , your 100 feet ubove them . This takes away from the realisim of the game for me . Also , the Thompson and M1Garand sounds arent that good . Thompson sounds week , unlike the powerful .45 cal ACP round it fires . The M1 sounds to crackly also , where the actual gun sounds more popish , in terms of gun sounds.One good thing about the game is that all the levels are intense , from start to finish . It never lets up . The only thing is the health system . It is very reminesent of the Halo 2 health system , but without the Sci-Fi setting . The realisim was undercut here as well . I was kind of dissapointed they went with more of an arcade like feel with the health . I think they should have made a medic that you could get health from as well as the health packs . This would have also kept the pace of the game up , without the backtracking for health like in the first.If you arent sick of FPS , or WWII games , go pick this one up . If you like arcade feeling WWII games , this is the game for you . If you want realisim , this probably isnt the best choice for you . Get the first Brothers in Arms if you want realisim . If you like intense , frantic , out of controll squad based combat , pick this one up as soon as you can . The Collectors Edition , in my opinion , is worth a little extra chedder.Presintation . 8.5 - The game is presented well , some slowdown hurts though.Graphics . 9.5 - One of the better looking games out there right now , Especially if you have a good computer.Sound . 9.0 - Sounds great , some design problems and lackluster gun sounds for Thompson and M1 , but otherwise great.Gameplay . 9.5 - Incredibly intense and lots of fun . Very arcadeic , and not realistic , buts lots of fun.Lasting Appeal . 9.5 - Single player has lots of replay , Multiplayer is a blast also.Overall . 9.2
 First off , this review is based only on the Single Player version of Call of Duty 2 . I only play Single Player . I do n't play Multiplayer . I have played all the Single Player Missions in Call of Duty 2 all the way through . So what do I think after playing Calling of Duty 2 ? Only this is by far the best `` First Person PC Shooter '' game out there.Before I played the full version of Call of Duty 2 , I played the Single Player Call of Duty 2 Demo -LRB- You played one of the British soldiers against the Germans during the North African campaign in November 1942 -RRB- . I was disappointed in the demo . You ca n't jump over walls or enter most buildings in the demo . You ca n't fire the German 88mm guns -LRB- 4 German artillery guns -RRB- in the demo . The Call of Duty 2 demo is linear . I thought the full version of Call of Duty 2 would be the same . Boy , was I wrong . Do not judge the full version of Call of Duty 2 by what is on the demo or how it is played . First of all , most of the Single Player missions in the full version of Call of Duty 2 are non-linear . Second , you can jump over walls and enter most buildings in the full version . Third , you can take over and fire the German 88mm guns in the full version . You can take different approaches to accomplish different objectives in different missions throughout the full version game . This makes the game very replayable so you can play different missions over and over again and try different approaches to win missions.The Single Player Missions are divided up so that you play the Russian campaign first -LRB- 1941-1943 -RRB- , the British campaign next -LRB- 1942-1944 -RRB- , and the American campaign last -LRB- 1944-1945 -RRB- . All the Single Player missions take place in either Europe or North Africa during World War II.I am really impressed with this game . I just love the new damage/health system . No more looking for medical kits throughout the game . I always thought that in `` First Person Shooters '' games it was really stupid to waste time looking for a medical kit to try to stay alive . In real war , you do n't find medical kits laying all over the ground.The graphics are really good and the amount of detail in the missions are unbelievable . For example , the amount of detail put on the German tanks and the German halftracks are the best I have ever seen in a PC World War II game . The uniforms and weapons for both the Allied and German troops are very detailed . I have never seen more realistic fires burning from vehicles and buildings than in this game . This game has got the most realistic smoke I have ever seen.Okay , you want realism . Check out all the dead animals -LRB- Especially all the dead cows and horses laying around on the ground with flies buzzing around the corpses -RRB- and all the dead German and Allied soldiers laying all over the ground.The sounds in the game are great . The weapons sound real good and so does the voice acting . You can hear the sound of distant gunfire constantly throughout the whole game.The AI is really good in this game . The German soldiers hide , attack , and retreat when they need to and so do the Allied soldiers . I remember when I threw a grenade at some German soldiers and one of the German soldiers actually picked up the grenade and tossed it back at me . I could n't believe it.I read a lot of books about all the actual missions that took place during World War II and guess what ? The Single Player Missions in the game are the same as the missions that actually took place during World War II . The game developer -LRB- Infinity Ward -RRB- did a very good job recreating the actual missions from World War II . After playing Call of Duty 2 , I would have to say this game deserves the `` PC Game of the Year '' award . This game shows what real war is about . World War II Veterans would be impressed with this game.I ca n't wait until the Call of Duty 2 Expansion Pack or Call of Duty 3 comes out . I can honestly understand now why Call of Duty 2 is one of the main titles to come out for the Xbox 360 . Call of Duty 2 is a totally awesome game which I would highly recommend to everyone to go out and buy . You wo n't regret it .
 The extras are nice , but the main reason to buy the DVD version is so that you do n't have to install 6 -LRB- yes , six -RRB- CDs.I do n't even know why they still manufacture CD versions of every game . By now , people who do n't have DVD-ROM players also do n't have PCs that can run this game.The game is great , by the way . You may think it 's yet another WWII game , but believe me
 `` Call of Duty '' lovers will be eagerly awaiting the arrival of another `` United Offensive '' Expansion pack after finishing this stunning WWII fps . In 2004 the next best single player shooter to `` Half-Life 2 '' was `` Call of Duty 1 '' . Needless to say COD2 brings us yet another damn fine sequel effort to rival anything else on the shelf . COD has firmly taken over where `` Medal of Honour
 Call of Duty 2 is a truely brilliant game . Is has all of the main ingredients to produce a great game . Gameplay , Graphics , Sound , Intelligent AI , Level Design and Lifspan . Similar to Medal of Honor
 Call of Duty 2 is one of the very best PC games I have ever played on the PC . I have already played the Single Player portion of the game probably at least a hundred times already . Why have I played it so many times ? Because Call of Duty 2 pulls you in like no other PC game can . Call of Duty 2 has all the makings of a great classic PC game . The realism and the graphics in this game are just unbelievable . The amount of detail in the maps is very good . This game has got one of the best AI 's I 've ever seen in a PC game . That applies to both Allied and Enemy soldiers throughout the game . World War II never looked better on the PC.If all game developers out there would make PC games even half as good as Call of Duty 2 , they would be set for life . The game developer of Call of Duty 2 , Infinity Ward , is in my opinion one of the best game developer 's out there right now.There are already rumors out there that Infinity Ward is already working on a expansion pack for Call of Duty 2 that is supposed to be coming out later on this year and that they are also working on Call of Duty 3 . Either the expansion pack for Call of Duty 2 or the new Call of Duty 3 game is supposed to be taking place in World War II with the Allies armies fighting the Japanese Imperial Army in the Pacific Theater of War . I wonder if the timing of one of these next Call of Duty games coming out has anything to do with Clint Eastwood 's new movie coming out later on this year that has to do with the battle of Iwo Jima in the Pacific during World War II . It will be be real interesting to see what happens . I 'm sure later on this year Infinity Ward will announce through a press release what there planning to do . No matter what Infinity Ward does , I will definitely be one of the first people standing in line waiting to buy the next PC game that they release .
 I have n't logged as many hours on COD2 as I have on the original COD , so YMMV . There 's a new health system that makes it harder to die . It 's less realistic , but it makes the game more fun . It also seems that server admins -LRB- in multiplayer mode -RRB- can choose the original health model or the new one , which I think is great . Each of them has good and bad things about it.The weapons have been updated and feel more realistic . I think the MP-40 gets `` most improved '' award . The `` one click '' access to grenades is good too . Right now I am much more into Battlefield 2 than COD2 . I 'm finding that the people who play COD2 online are so much better than me , I have n't played enough to memorize the levels . Overall I 'd say it 's a bit more challenging than COD was , simply because the levels themselves are far more detailed . There are a lot more places to hide . It will take a long time to figure out good camping spots , where you 're exposed , etc.Oh , and the vehicles are lame .
 From the get go the game is intense ! Graphics are top of the line and very realistic . Game AI is great but could be a little better . I am a very big FPS game player and this one is definitely on the top of my list . I would recommend this game for anybody .
 COD1 and COD
 This game is very intense . Its all action pack and killing enemy troopers is the main attraction . Problem is they took away the life bar and medic/health kits to make the action much much more faster pace . You can still virtually die , but you 're more like Terminator now . Just hide behind cover and practically recharge . That is the only real flaw I noticed in the game . I 'm assuming due to the amount of enemies flooding in from all directions they had to make you a Terminator otherwise you 'd die immediately . Or they were too lazy to allow you to have med kits like in F.E.A.R. to use at any time . I have only played on Normal setting , being their are too many enemies to kill per mission any extra difficulty settings would make every mission last hours being enemies take few continuous shots to kill . I 'm playing at 1600x1200 resolution with basically everything on high and this game runs smooth as a flat surface . Almost as pretty as F.E.A.R. , but not as graphically intense . If you have a high enough PC you 'll appreciate all the smoke , character details , and so forth put into this game . You 're almost never alone being this is a war game , so get use to having some troopers alongside you throughout the game . They 're not very good shots , but this is a war game . There are no Rambo 's in war . The enemy is just as clever and persistent as anyone so trying to be Master Chief running into a crowd of Nazi 's pretty much always gurantees a virtual death . Oh and grenades are pretty much useless being the enemy always picks them up and throws them back your way . So throw and keeping shooting to keep them from throwing the nades back your way . Long game , and I was sadden when it all came to an end . Would n't hesitate to replay , but would like to replay CoD
 Like Real Deal Slots Nickel Alley ; Vol . 2 Features 9 , 15 and 20 line Video Slots , most with Bonus screens . Unlike Vol . 1 they make up a third of the games . This CD ROM includes regular 1 , 3 and 5 Line Slots and also Slots with Bonus features . Slots include Phampton 7s , ????? , Crazy Wheels , etc. , Slots with Bonus include Cheesy Wheels , Golden Goose , Treasure Tower and Treasure Hunter , etc. , The video Slots with Bonus screens include a Pig Game , A Carnival game A Pirate Game , A Graveyard Game , A Bowling Game , An Egyptian games , A Spy GAME and more . All the games have wonderful 3-D looking graphics and Sounds . You can play all the games at five cents , ten cents , a Quater , fifty cents , a Dollar , five dollars , 25 dollars , 50 Dollars , 100 dollars , 500 dollars and at one thousand dollars . This CD-ROM also includes a Bingo game and 6 poker games . The game also includes a Casino club Card when you can gather points for playing and then with those points you can buy merchandise , etc. , some are very funny like you can buy a Nuclear Submarine . This game is a bargain and is extremely fun .
 I have the first edition and I thought `` gee , can they outdo themselves ? '' . The answer is yes ! This game rocks . I 've never seen such details and variety of bonus games anywhere else . I especially love the `` Grave Robber '' game , which feels much like IGT 's `` Addams Family '' slot , as well as `` Treasure Hunter '' and `` Spin to Win '' which feels like Williams Gaming `` Winning Streak '' reel spinner . There 's also a few `` free spins '' bonus rounds -LRB- check out `` Pharoah 's Prize '' -RRB- ... you can win big and live large . My bankroll is over 200 million in a few visits -LRB- the key is you play the 45-coin machines at $ $ . . play max coin and cha-ching ! -RRB- . . not that I would ever do that in a real casino -LRB- hey 45 nickels per spin is huge for me , but I have scored a few big hits doing that in Vegas -RRB- . Get this game . Yes , it can run funny at times , so be patient . Also , clear your calendar for a few hours per session . Check their website , a new title will be out later this year .
 I buy quite a lot of computer slot games and this is one of the best I 've seen . The standard 3-reel slots are just average , but the animated slots with bonus rounds are a cut above most other products . Some of the graphics are photo-quality and the animation is imaginative . The only thing I did n't care for was some of the music that accompanies most of the games , but I found out it could be shut off . If there was a casino that had half this many good games , I 'd be there all the time . There is a wide variety of slot types here including free-spin games , symbols that turn the row they are in wild , a 20-line game with a wild bonus symbol that migrates through each space , and some games with bonus rounds that involve shooting rifles , darts , and cannons . I 've already got my money 's worth out of this title and do n't foresee becomming bored with this game for a long time .
 I have played a lot of computer slot games in my time , but Reel Deal Slots II is by far the very best . Almost every game has a bonus round or special play feature . No two games play the same , which I found amazing . This game has payouts that are unrealistically high , but that is pretty easy to overlook . I just enjoy the fun of playing each game and getting to the bonus rounds . Who cares if I now have $ 60,000,000 I can have fun dreaming .
 I agree , Anddrew Higgins , that this is by far the best game out there of its genre . I 've been waiting for www.Amazon.com to list it , so I can put my review in its proper place . Some of my reviews for this game have been mentioned on the original Reel Deal and Video Poker and combo pack pages ; so I 'll still reiterate what I said.Just when I thought that they can not get any better , they do . Of special interest is the bonus games , that simulate existing machines found at Slot Parlors everywhere . Some of the games seem like a remake of volume one , but actually have enough new twists and angles in them to make them attractive . And oh yeah , they are really loose ! Ran my wad up to $ 6,000,000 in only about 4 trips . And the famous Phantom Trophy Room . This one is a hoot with a verbal description of the prizes . Do n't forget to let them know when you get all the prizes . Of particular interest is that one of the machines is actually a video bingo game . Quite good and different . But play for small stakes ; have n't cleaned up on that like the bonus slot games.Despite my rave review , there are some down sides . First , as with most Phantom EFX games , this takes up a whopping 480 MB of space on your hard drive . So be sure you have room . Also I noticed that after a while , and after I sign out of my E-mail , the game tends to bog down and run funny . And it does take a while to load up between machines . But when it runs it 's the best.Anothoer downside is the poker games . I finally figured them out , but find it hard to win on . I actually like the Masque Multi-play Video poker a lot better . -LSB- By the way , this is included in the new re-worked IGT Slots and Multiplay poker . -RSB- Even the original Video Poker in Reel Deal 1 is good. , maybe they should have included some triple play , 5 way , and 10 way into that.But go for it , you 'll be glad you did .
 Lot 's of fun with these very Vegas like slots . Love the fun of the bonus games , just like the casino slots , without the fear of losing money . I plan to take this with on our Vegas trip in a couple of weeks , that way if I am losing in the casino , I can come back to the room and play for free !
 Having played virtually every slot title that has been produced . I will say that this title is by far the best one I have seen . The graphics and game play are unsurpassed . By far the closest you will get to the `` REEL '' thing . I was first introduced to PhantomEFX with the purchase of Reel Deal Slots and Video Poker Vol . 1 which in it 's own right is one of the best games released but , with the release of Reel Deal Slots Vol . II they have really raised the bar . This is THE game to beat . And with the release of future titles from PhantomEFX they will only be improving on an already excellent product . If you love playing the nickles at the casino then this is the game for you .
 I have both Volume I and II and enjoy them very much . They are the best CD that I have .
 This was easy to install and fun to play . I wish it had more bonus rounds but it is an older game so I understand . I have 3 other Real Deal slots and love them all .
 This is one of the best slot games that I ever played ! You can change your money denominations . You will enjoy this game very much !
 Another Phantom game of slots . It is fun for children as well as adults .
 Please see my review for Reel Deal Slots Bonus Mania . I feel the same for this one . This is off line only .
 I have two other slot machine games , but this one blows them out of the water.The nickel games on this disc are lose , but lots of fun . There are catchy background tunes with many of them , and the subdued background noise of other players in a casino is very cool ; it feels like I 'm in a real casino!The dollar slots are much tighter . I do n't find them to be nearly as engaging as the nickel slots . My only -LRB- mild -RRB- complaint is that the dollar slots are the usual 3-reel kinds ; none are the `` video '' type.This is an incredible collection of games , with convincing action , exceptional graphics , and wonderful sound effects .
 Usually , when I am at a casino where the casino says it pays off , say , `` 94 % '' on its slot machines , I get to wondering why the 6 % they say they take in , is all from the machine I happen to be playing at the time ! Everyone else seems to be winning at the slots ... but not , sadly , me . As I am mainly a `` table '' player when I go to casinos , I must admit that these losing streaks have only added fuel to the fire , for me to have had the traditional `` table players ' snobbery '' as far as slot machines go . In fact , a gambling expert , -LRB- whose name escapes me at present -RRB- , was once a guest on a well-known afternoon talk show . After explaining , very clearly , some quick strategies for table games , the hostess of the show asked him if there were any ways he could recommend to approach slot machines . The expert said
 I was so excited . Even though it was 11:00 pm I had to runthrough a couple of games . I loved it , it is so real almost like being at the casino . I am staying home tonight from Bingo just so I can go through most of the games tonight .
 Originally got game at B.Buy , 19.99 . I played the crap out of this game and won all the prizes , -LRB- her it comes -RRB- the CD-ROM developed a crack starting from the inner circle and eventually reaching the length of 1 inch long , so now it stopped working , I sent it to Cedar Rapids Iowa , 3 months latter after having both hips replaced from a car accident with an illegal alien from where else , I am an Arizonan , no insurance , drivers license and borrowed truck from owner that lied to get it.this mex hits me stopped at a siginal light and I was evac . to Scottsdale and had this super surgion replace them both with new ball joint , as I was recovering I get my new disc on a day I was really in the dumps , walla , i was instantly happy , for 5 minutes , then my new computer dropps a stitch and I have to re-load it to factory settings , after 4 houre I reload the reel slots second vol . I have been trying to reload it ever since and even tried a patchfrom there site , nothing has worked and I cant find a site to re-purchase an instant download . NO SUCH LUCK YETFINDING ONE . I AM CALLING THE COMPANY NOW AS IT IS AFTER LUNCH .
 I have been quite happy with the Real Deal Slots 2 that I recently purchased . There is huge variety of games , several of which have bonus rounds just like in the casinos . I only wish it were as easy to win at the casino !
 the game was great very innovative all of the latest slot machines very up to date and quite challenging
 I was so excited . Even though it was 11:00 pm I had to runthrough a couple of games . I loved it , it is so real almost like being at the casino . I am staying home tonight from Bingo just so I can go through most of the games tonight .
 Lots of fun . Hours of great slot entertainment . Delivery through Amazon.com was fast and easy to order . I will be ordering more fun slot games from Phantom EFX through Amazon . Enjoy the game it 's SLOTS OF FUN .
 My daughter loves these games . I had to show her at first how to do it -LRB- of course -RRB- but she picked it up really fast . She likes being the different characters . Good buy .
 I picked up Football Mogul 07 for two bucks at a used bookstore and found the game to be fun and addicting . My first and only season , I played every game by pointing and clicking -LRB- the announcing here is actually better than ESPN -RRB- , guiding my team to 18-1 record and a world title . Since then , I retired from that style of play and went from Bill Parcells the coach to Bill Parcells the GM . That 's when the fun starts . During the fantasy draft , I start the league brand new and threw all players onto a hat , and then every team can pick anyone as one would do during Fantasy Football . I find this part odd because there are some players that eventually went on to be NFL superstars but in the game only to be stuck forever with a very low rating . At this certain stage , it is awkward to play Football Mogul 07 for the first ten years and then it becomes a lot better with relatively new , unknown college football players . Every year , some players are already signed and others are asking for an extension of their salaries , so I have to decide if I want to keep , trade , or cut them . Then there is the college draft where I can fulfill positions of needs . Which position is the most important first ? Then second ? Of course , I got a lot of needs . Then there is the free agency but very expensive offerings . In all this time , there is the salary cap to keep mindful of . During the season , I just stimulate the whole year without playing the games myself , just watching the season to unfold and see if the moves I made have been successful or not . Over the season , there is a display of annual profit , team record , and final finish . Elsewhere , I can see how much cash I have , the number of times my team made into the playoffs and the number of times it won world championships , and the grading of my team 's position and overall offense/defense . The reason why Football Mogul 07 is a very addictive game is because of building a dynasty out of my team , so it 's a lot of fun actually . Here you play Jerry Jones without making the same mistakes that Jerry Jones always make . I profit from each year by setting the price of tickets being sold and also food/drinks/flags . A winning team that reaches far in the playoffs assures me of profit whereas a poor team will result in losses . I should say a few more things that are positive features of Football Mogul 07 . The game does compile statistics during season and also displays all-time statistics including all-time career numbers in NFL history which will be altered during game play of Football Mogul 07 . It also has the Hall of Fame going where certain players will be voted in . When I want to make a trade , I go to trading block and see what offers I would get for one of my players , just to save the time . On the other hand , while I think Football Mogul 07 is an excellent game , there is still a large room for improvement . First of all , I want respect to be paid to certain positions when it comes to Hall of Fame ; having said that , quarterbacks , wide receivers , and running backs are routinely selected to the elusive club but never DEs , TEs , DTs , Ks , Ps , Ts , or Cs . The statistics are great but not perfect enough ; I want my own team statistics such as most touchdowns , most passing yards , or most tackles in team 's history . The all-time statistics could use more reworking and try for a limit of 50-100 -LRB- not just 10 -RRB- players per category . When renewing contracts , I am being forced to deal with this player 's contract , but I prefer a list of players ' contract first before working on each in my preferred order . In the team 's history where it shows profit , record , and final finish , I also want to see where it finished in division each year -LRB- it wo n't show that if my team made into the playoffs -RRB- . Lastly , character should be included as one of the attributes of the players which measures a player 's tendency to get into trouble or not . As we have seen the past few years , players like TO , LJ , Plax , Rae Carruth , and Michael Vick have emerged as one of the biggest troublemakers and have gotten suspended or were unable to play football for a period of time . Hence , we all know that injuries play a part in the game , so there is no reason why criminality ca n't either . Overall , Football Mogul 07 is a great game that could be improved more in future versions , and I encountered nearly no technical problems with the CD -LRB- I downloaded a patch to prevent further problems anyway -RRB- . * Note just added now * The game does n't work after 100 seasons and will crash . So limit your team 's seasons to 99 .
 The Nintendo 64 24-Game storage case is built of wood and bares the official Nintendo 64 logo on the front of the case . This case is designed to hold 24 Nintendo 64 game paks in a neat , organized , bookshelf esque manner . We all know that game cartridges are much more difficult to store away than with DVD or CD rom games of today . They 're size and weight simply take up a lot of room as you build yourself quite the collection of titles . This particular case offers a compact design that will surprise many when they see what little shelf space it will require . Great for parents with children who have issues with losing or breaking games too . If you were ever finding yourself wishing to store the N64 away to make room for newer systems , this also is an effective way to do it .
 The drawer is in good condition not perfect but cant grt these brand new anymore either . It came in pieces so it had to be glued together but thats not a big deal its really easy to put together . Overall its a great drawer for organizing games from how much space they take up .
 Works great , no noticable delay , love the low battery warning light.Having a 11/2 year old , I got tired of trying to play Xbox with my friend in the living room and having controller wires stretched out all over the room . She 'd constantly get tangled up in the wires , or grab a controller to try to play with dad then turn a couple circles getting the wires wrapped around her . Now I do n't have to worry . There are absolutely no wires comming out of the controller . The only wire at all is about 6 '' connecting the receiver to the xbox.After reading the good review of this here and gamespot I decided to get a pair of these controllers . I liked the fact that they had the low battery warning light . That way you know before you start a game if the batteries need changing . I do n't have a big living room , so I 've not come close to testing out the 50 foot range . But I have n't experienced any problems while playing Halo 2 . I hooked up both controllers out of the box and read the instructions . I forgot which controller went to which receiver but it did n't matter . Pushed the change channel button on each receiver and then hit any 1 button on each controller after waiting 3 seconds after pushing the change channel button just like the manual said . That was all it took , perfect communication since , even after many times of turning the power on the controller on and off.It was just hard to find any of these for sale on the internet . Had to go to an auction site.Now I wish I had n't already spent the money to buy the wired controllers I already had . For around $ 30 these wireless models are n't much more than the wired controllers . Well worth the little bit extra .
 There are other wireless controllers out there that are better , but they all cost more than $ 50 . For $ 30 you cant get anything better . Everyone that has a gamecube has the wavebird , the best wireless controller out there , and for the Xbox this is the closet to the wavebird . It 's light and close to the size of the regular controllers from the xbox . Unlike most wireless controllers you have the rumble feature with this controller . Turning the rumble on will drain your batteries a lot faster but it only takes 2 AA so it 's not too bad . With all the wireless controllers you always have to make sure you do n't keep it on all day , well with this one it will turn off by itself if you do n't use it for 15 min . it also has a cool button layout , all of the button layouts are the same as the regular controllers but this one has the white and black buttons also on the top of the controller similar to the L1 and R1 buttons on the playstation controllers . Overall this is the best controller you can get for $ 30 , I would buy this controller over the regular xbox controllers . The only bad this is that you cant play xbox live with this controller , so if you are looking to play online and this is the only controller you have do n't buy this , but if you are just looking for an extra controller this is better than the regular ones .
 I got this controller for a gift , and i was kind of skeptical of using it . but i love it . i love the feel of it and i love that it has the white and black buttons on the shoulders of the controller above the triggers . it has great range . i also really like the rubber grips . this is the only controller i use now .
 The range and fit is great ... One thing I noticed is the buttons are not very easy . You have to press them hard to get the response . On review said they break in after a bit of use , I have not used mine very much yet so I 'll add that later . If the buttons become more sensitive , then I 'll give it 5 stars .
 I do n't understand why this product only has 1.5 stars right now . I loved it and found no problems at all
 If you like Tetris , games from Popcap.com like Bejeweled , and other action-puzzle games , you will love Puzzle Pirates -- not only can you play an ever-growing array of puzzle games , but you can do it with thousands of other people from around the world in a pirate-themed online environment . Your game performance will help power a pirate ship as you pillage your way across the ocean , or help create items in a player-run economy . A Puyo-Puyo-like swordfighting puzzle lets you battle computer-controlled brigands and other players to win booty and fame . Or , if you 're feeling sociable , you can play card games with other players in the inns , or just hang out and chat.Instead of the often-transient teams and somewhat anonymous guilds that other MMORPGs usually offer , players in Puzzle Pirates tend to join tight-knit , long-term organizations
 Puzzle Pirates is primarily an online , multi-player game , but this new retail release adds some offline puzzling fun , as well as giving you a free month 's subscription to the online game . Puzzle Pirates is like the lovechild of Popcap and Everquest , with all the best characteristics of both . A persistant world , with player driven plotlines and economy , all powered by puzzles that are both simple and mind-bending at the same time.If you like Bejewelled or Alchemy , you 'll love Puzzle Pirates . If you like Everquest or Worlds of Warcraft , you 'll love Puzzle Pirates . If you like pirates , you 'll love Puzzle Pirates . And if you do n't love pirates , well , what do you love ?
 This game is great . The box set has an offline version , subscription credit , and in-game items . The online game is a subscription based Pirate environment , with team puzzling . There are also single player puzzles and computer opponents.Overall I find it hugely entertaining . I love my `` crew '' and being able to compete against other players , and the `` Aaarrghs ! '' and `` Huzzahs ! '' help keep it light . But it allows for some pretty serious puzzling , and the game keeps getting more complex.Or you can just stand around and chat with other gamers , and there are several card games and other parlor games.It is a tough game , so it is good to remember that it is rated for teens and above . Being able to interract well with other players is vital , young kids probably wo n't enjoy that responsibility.It 's great for us big kids though ! I love to dress up my little pirate and go out for a swordfight or a pillage .
 It is a very well game . Between the different types of puzzles , and the hundreds , if not thousands of people playing online the same time as you are . There are three or more types of a pirate you can choose to be . A captain , crew member , shoppe owner , a randome pilliger , and/and a parlor game player.The games that you can play are swordfighting , bilge pumping , sailing , sea battle , navigating , gunning , poker , spaids , drinking , hearts , and distillling . Each one of these games you can gain experience from , and rise in a crew , or flag , or just even make money.My favorite part of the game is being able to customise your priate . With different cloths styles to different types of swords and colors , or if you want , you can posess a deed to your ship , or house.If a new island is discovored , and you are in a flag , you can help with a blockade , and help govern that island with your flag and crew mates.But , if you want to start yer own crew , you better know what you are doing -LRB- I would sugguest to start out by being part of a crew -RRB- , because it is hard work . You have to first have a deed to a ship , get pirates to join yer crew , and then you have to maintain it , by promoting people to the possition you think is right for their experience . You have to know when and how to take control of the situation , and if need be , make them walk the plank if they are n't following orders.There is some language , but there are filter systems that you can control to either block out the bad words , or turn it into a pirate 's term -LRB- wich i find is very humorous -RRB- . You can make new friends who have the same interests that you do , or you can just be a loner who does n't talk , but makes a bunch of money , either way , it is up to you to decide yer faite.Hope to see you on if ye read this . Fairwell , and may ye see our flag held high , when we pass ye in the ocean .
 This is one of the best games ever made . It has everything you want , from puzzles to adventure to good old-fashioned talking . Convince your friends to get online with you and form your own crew ! Sail the 37 seas and earn lots of booty with each pillage ! The gameplay is magnificent , with your pirate being customized with how you want he/she to look . Buy new clothes and update your wardrobe . Build ships and make rum . Weave cloth and sell it in a shoppe . Have swordfights with swords and compare and contrast the strengths and weaknesses for each kind of sword . Move up in the rankings and in your crew . Avast me hearties ! I 'll be seeing ye online ! -LRB- By the way , this game is a free online game at puzzlepirates.com . This purchased version has single player and extra stuff that free players ca n't get , only the purchased versions have them . -RRB-
 The great thing about this game is that it can be as simple or as complicated as you want , you choose ! : -RRB- When I started playing YPP ! about a year ago -LRB- March 2004 -RRB- , I found it pretty boring but stayed and gave it a chance because I love puzzles . Little did I know that there was much more than puzzles hidden inside.Aside from making friends who share your interests and most likely joining a crew , there 's a little economy going . There are tailors , distilleries , iron mongers , shipyards , apothecaries and weaveries all ran by players . There are also Inns , where you can participate in sword tournaments , drinking tournaments , play some parlor games such as hearts or spades or challenge a `` bot '' to a puzzle for practice . You can also challenge other players for one on one sword fighting and drinking ; you can also grab some mateys to do team brawls . All of these types of puzzles can be wagered or non-wagered . In the water , you ship goods back and forth from islands and archipelagos , go out in search of treasure -LRB- pillaging -RRB- or any other type of business you may need to do . These goods are supplies for the shops that `` make the world go ` round '' . Beware ! Ye may get attacked by brigands -LRB- bot ships -RRB- and you may have to fight for your treasure aboard . Other players can also attack you . Do your job tho or the captain may make you walk the plank!There are flags that hold various crews under them that own each island . Other flags try to take over these islands sometimes which leads you in to some politics . : pRamble . Ramble . There 's more but I think I 've beaten it enough.There 's a reason why these guys won the 2004 webby award for Best Game , so naturally if you 're an MMORPG buff or similar type , you have to try it.See ye there ! Arg ! `` Venom `` Princess of The Crimson TideCaptain of The Marine Knights
 The beauty of this game ? Stuff for everyone in every mood . Are you someone who loves to ... -- PvP ? -- maneuver politically ? -- roleplay?Or are you ... -- a regular person who likes to chat with friends , likes to play Bejeweled and heard that you can play this one game in which you can kinda sorta do both at once ? -- looking for a wealth of different activities because you sometimes have hours to spend but other times can only pop in to say hi ? -- searching for a game your kids can play and love for all sorts of reasons -LRB- none of which are the same reasons you do -RRB- ? -- getting all giggly at the thought of winning - or running ! - a contest based on obscure poetry forms or computer art or song parodies?Finally , do you want to ... -- make some of the greatest friendships you 'll find online AND off ? -- be a part of a responsive , quality-filled community in which YOU can make a difference in the game?The cuteness will envelop you , no matter who you are . Trust me .
 i play YPP on line and the practice games alow me to ramp my skill levels up
 Yarrrrr is a victory cry in the land of puzzle pirates . I would say they have scored a victory with this game . It can be played online as well as off line . Online play is monitored very closely to keep the site family friendly and appropriate for children over 13 . I give this game 5 stars .
 I was already playing Puzzle Pirates when I purchased this boxed set ; I bought it primarily because I wanted the `` Backsword '' , an object for use in the on line game that has the advantage of never wearing out . I got what I paid for , and a bit more.The CD contains an out of date Puzzle Pirates client that is still useful in that it provides off line access to four of the games puzzles for those inevitable times when the internet is not available . The CD key also gives you a month of time on the on line game -LRB- currently worth more than the price of this box -RRB- and your choice of either of two imperishable game objects
 This is a great game for basically anyone . Ive been playing it for about a year now and havent got bored of it since there is SO much things to do .
 This game is sure to give you FUN for hours , days , months , and YEARS !!! I have grown addicted of this game ! If you like easy-to-insane puzzles , with the touch of many multiplayer extras , this game is for you !!! You will be surprised on what you can do in this game , especially online ! PRACTICALLY INFINITE !
 I have enjoyed this online game for over three years now and have found it to be engaging fun and full on new content that keeps me playing for hours .
 For any puzzle or RPG lover this game is addictive . I started just playing for free online and ended up buying the box set and subscribing online . My husband , and teenage daughter and niece love the game as well . Well worth the time and money !
 I did n't buy the box , but I play for free . Its awesome . Puzzles are fun , challenging . Politics rule . I play on the hunter ocean . / em starts spazzing!WICKED WICKED WICKED !
 i really like this controller i picked it up a while back when i saw it on shelf in a store i happened to be in and at the time i didnt really know much about wirelless controllers or their prices but i knew it looked and sounded cool and only cost me about $ 30 or $ 40 for 2 of them since that day i have yet to even touch my original ps2 controller . not just because its not wireless but because its reasonably bigger than the standard controller which is great because my hands are a bit too big for the wired one so it fits really well and i very often forget that i even have the controller in my hand.another plus to this product is that its incredibly durable because if i had a dollar for every time ive dropped it . the only con that i can think of is that it is noticeably heavy at times -LRB- due to the 2x AA batteries -RRB- but most of the time that isnt a problem.just FYI this is the only wireless controller ive owned and to my knowledge the only one ive used so i ca n't speak about how it compares to any other brand or model .
 This game is great for an educational sim . Yes , you can complete the game . It 's not too difficult if you play long enough . It wets your appetite to know more about the International Space Station . It 's a great science lesson too . Imagine Sims if you had to maintain the atmosphere along with the supplies . You can get creative by building different configurations of the space station , or match the current configuration of the ISS close enough . There are some goofy parts of the game , but I guess it was designed to be fun for kids instead of grownup science snobs.This is the only space station simulator on the market that actually provides the feel of both building and living on a space station . It was designed in collaboration with NASA . I would give the game 5 stars , but there is a few areas that could have used improvement . Sadly , it 's unlikely that there will be upgrades to this game because EA bought out the game engine it was built on and does n't seem to be interested in continuing the project . The original developers have discussed on their website why they do n't plan to upgrade or start over from scratch .
 This game/simulator is very engaging . I tried the demo version available on their website and decided to buy the full version . I only wish there was an option to disable the space tourist .
 The sim is ok and for a space flight sim.You will not find one much better that will run on windows 7 . The game play is slow and takes alot of time to complet a mission but it is a sim and not a game.You can not find anything better , I have tried and looked everywhere I can think of online.I like the sim alot but it would be cooler with updated graphics they seem kind of old and dated.But this is about the best you will find in this type of sim at this time and it has alot to offer if you take the time to set it up right.It dose run very good on the pc I have it on and I have not had one issue running it at all.I think this sim would run on most pc 's running windows 7 with a good video card.I run it on one of my gaming pc 's with a amd phenom II X6 1100t black edition cpu @ 3.3 and 16 gigs of DDR3 1600 hyperx ram.I have used a evga gts 450 1gb video and a evga gtx460 2gb card to run this sim with very good performance.I have went to a ga-990xa-ud3 motherboard and the evga gtx560ti 2 gb video card and it runs perfect on this setup also.I have also run this on the amd phenom II X4 955 AND 975 black edition cpu 's with very good performance.You can run it with a pc that has less performance than the parts I have put into my gaming pc 's I think.It only takes around 26 % of my pc 's performance to run this sim.I still have xp on one of my gaming pc 's to run some of the older combat flight sims that do not run well on windows 7 but I have never run this sim on my pc with xp.I have a HP p6232p factory pc that I only updated the ram with ddr2 1066 hyperx 8 gigs , put in a 550wt XFX power supply and added a evga gts450 1gb video card and I am sure it would run fine on it.I run flight sim x on this pc and it run 's fine but not with all the settings maxed out like I can do with one of the gaming pc 's I put together just to run my games.I have 2 evga gtx460 2gb video cards but I have not run this sim on a pc with the video cards running sli so I do not know how well it would run on a system running sli.Some games run better on a system with 2 cards running sli and some have issues that do not have support for sli yet.I find most new games do run well useing 2 cards running sli.So good luck if you try this one with a pc running 2 video cards useing sli.The box it comes in dose not say you need to have a over the top performance pc to run this sim at all.I have just found out the hard way over time that you can never have to much ram , to much cpu performance or to much cooling performance in your system ever.You many not need all this performance all the time but it is very good to have when you do need it.Overall I have found this to be an ok sim as it is now but could have been very cool with a little more work.I have not been to the website for this game and do not know if it has one but some games do update all the time and this could be one of them.I like the sim and if you like flight sims you will like this one as well.It is not perfect like rise of flight iorn cross but it is cool .
 All kidding aside , I 'm looking forward to the expansion . The underground caverns and base enhancements seem pretty interesting . No to mention the new vehicles and weapons .
 I 've been playing Planetside for a while now and I 've concluded that it 's an AWESOME game . Considering this , the expansion will make it better . and always remeber NEW CONGLOMERATE RULES ALL !!!!!
 This game is fantastic , great graphics , great gameplay , great players ! but it does require a subscription to play it , monthly , tri-monthly , etc. . it is about $ 15 a month to play this game , but it is well worth it . If you are into the games that are based on TeamPlay and base captures , this is your game .
 This should be a very good expansion . The PS community is anxiously awaiting its release since it has many interesting additions to the game . New vehicles , new weapons , underground/urban combat areas , and new technology for bases . Order it , Play it . Choose TR , otherwise I will be forced to sick Malodorous on you .
 PlanetSide is one of the most player-team based on-line game i have played to date . You log into the Planet Side world , in yoursancturay . You join up with a couple of friends to set out to accomplish a mission . You are a engineer with advance hacking abilities -LRB- or you could be 1 of the many other roles -RRB- , while one friend is a BFR -LRB- battle frame robotic -RRB- specialist and the other is sniper . You take a Galaxy -LRB- large transportation flying vehicle -RRB- through a Warpgate -LRB- interplanetary high speed transportation device -RRB- . The captain of the galaxy plots the ship course to Planet Cyssor , where you and others on the galaxy will raid , and take control of a huge enemy bases . As the ship approaches the enemy base , radar shows that only a few enemies are manning the base.Several members of the squad , have stealth capabilities , and they drop out of the galaxy onto the roof top of the base , hack the base door , kill the few solders and the mass exodus of the galaxy begins . The bases 's Control Panel hacking clock starts.The squad you are in over-whelm the bases 's defense systems , but inthe process trigger sensory alarms . These alarms alert commanders and others , that a base is being attacked or hacked.The opposing team now alereted that the base is being attacked , launches counter-measures , using a satellite in space , the commander sends a powerful blue lazer that kills some of the squads in the base courtyard , and the vechicles.The commanders of the opposing team , sends galaxies over to defend the base . Some come over in space ships with missle capabilites , some come in power Hoover Tanks , there are many different battle machines that arrive for war.This is only the beginning . . this battle may rage for hours or days . The players in theses battle are real people not bots . You battle for control of the various planets . With the Core expansion set , you have access to power ancient weapons and huge underground chambers.Control certain resources on the each indiviual planet can give your empire many advantages.This is just one of my experiences playing PlanetSide Core expansion and now the new AfterShock expansion -LRB- with Battle Frame Robot vechicles -RRB- .
 Find the cheap addition on Outpost.com -LRB- Fry 's Electronics -RRB-
 PlanetSide
 I am already TR so I have nothing to fear ! But get this game !! It 's gon na rock !
 When it comes to video game systems today , the Nintendo Wii has absolutely delivered this past year . However , a lot of us love the virtual console and the classic games like Super Mario 64 , but we need the memory . This Switch N ' Carry memory card can hold as much as 1 GB worth of memory for all your Wii needs . You can store all your data securely on Wii games like The Legend Of Zelda
 It works on our older computer-very fun . . but if you have WIN XP - beware!It wo n't even load . . we have a new computer.us eon older windows versions !
 In this game , you are Barbie . You choose your horse 's color and name . You get to bathe , brush , saddle , and give your horse treats . You can ride around just for fun on the pretty farm , discovering new places , or race other riders . Aslo , there are challenges on the bulliten board for you to complete.This game is a lot of fun ! It is pretty easy , so I reccomend it for younger horse lovers . But , I 'm 13 , and I still love this game .
 Although this game has been around for a long time , I still play it . IT is fun and helps your child solv fun puzzles . It tells them a LITTLE about wildlife . Very good .
 This game is wonderful . In my opinion , it is still the most realistic and simply . . FUN horse computer game out there . You can choose from several varieties of horses to ride , and several names to call your horse , go on missions , and adventures , or just ride around for fun and groom and feed your horse . My kid sister and I have gotten so much enjoyment out of it over the years . However , I 'm sad to say that that enjoyment has ended since upgrading to Windows XP . As someone else said , the game wo n't even load . This is a great game and I 'd highly recommend it , but unfortunately , only those with Windows 95/98/ME systems can play it .
 It 's kinda sad , but even at 14 , I still like this game . It has a good feel on what it 's like to own and ride a real horse . -LRB- Of course I have , many times . -RRB- This is good for children and then once they get older , I recommend `` Time to Ride '' .
 I bought this game primarily for my little brother . However , after playing it , I can honestly say that , as a 2-d arcade game coming to the SNES , it 's on par with the SFII
 Comprehensive . Printable book . Helpful audios.Same for Negotiations with regard to being comprehensive ; great interactive videos -- with good and bad examples of handling the same situation -LRB- some how the bad examples taught me more -RRB- . Printable book too . Simply Magazine owns the Simply Media brand and has a great business series ; do n't be put off by the low prices .
 ABOUT THE ENGINEFirst this engine was in 2006 , Computer World Champion.In 2006 , Junior and Fritz had a Macth , Junior won , but were the deep version . -LRB- Deep fritz and Deep junior -RRB- . So i can infere that the single version , Junior 10 should be stronger than Fritz 10 . ABOUT THE BOOK.Fritz 10 's book is bigger , but not to ahead , there are some lines that even Fritz did not considered.Style playing.Junior has its own special search techniques and evaluation funtions , which it different to any other chess programs.Junior dares to find a dinamics manoeuvres , to archieve tactical hints and even sacrifices material for a direct king atack , if you like to surprice your foes , this engine could help a lot . Even Kasparov was shock by this software.The only bad thing about this product.The engine is great , but the interface is bad , buying this product you have junior 10 with fritz 9 console , so what means , there are some aplications will not run , like new chessbase DVD 's . First , the weakness of junior is bliz , a macth in my computer agains Fritz , alway lose , but games with more time , Junior done better results , WHY ? Because Junior 's algorithm , required more time , because , Junior try to find , a iniciative lines , with tactical drawback.In the computer world Junior has a style a human player like as Alekhine , Tal and Shirov style . -LSB- ... -RSB- My recomedation , if you like to make a chess opening lab , Junior is for u , but if you have or will have Chessbase DVD , just for the interface , buy Fritz . Junior requires time to consolidates his lines.I hope my review was helpful
 You will be a World Champion after you buy this one . It 's great for all levels . The price is very reasonable . Check it out !
 when i first played this game back in 97 , i really love playing it and i know i would love to play it again , but i am unable to install it on my computer because of windows xp . i have tried several downloads and patches but nothing works . if i can get it to work , great , but until then , i 'm afraid it 's thumbs down on this purchase and the company i purchased it from .
 The Ratatouille PC game is really fun . There are six levels and plenty of interesting mini-games . The game does n't follow the storyline of the movie , but it is still fun to play . Many of the actors from the film voice their characters , including Patton Oswalt as Remy , and Lou Ramono as Linguini.The only downside is that the game is sort of difficult , considering it 's meant for kids to play , and the instructions are vague . For Example
 I agree with the other reviewers that it takes some experimentation to find the `` Context Move '' and other command buttons . It 's as if someone took their original programming terminology directly to the user manual . It 's not your typical mouse -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and directional arrows computer game such as those found on Nick Jr and Noggin , so I improvised to help my daughter get used to the new controls . I used cut-up blank address labels to label main keys used in the game . After a short learning curve , she caught on and was on her way through the streets of Paris . Once you get used to using the keys and understanding the `` language '' used in the on-screen instructions , it becomes a fun and clever game that complements the movie well . Depending on your child 's age , there is some game play that 's challenging and requires grown-up assistance or four hands -LRB- eg , running , jumping , action buttons -RRB- . Just remember : Context Move = `` G '' key - used for ANY action such as a tail swing , pick up an item , drop item , swing an object , grab onto netting , landing on narrow objects that are twinkling in blue such as a post , shutter handle , or high wire.The mouse can also be used for camera angles.You can reprogram the keys as you see fit when you first launch the program . If you want to make things really easy , buy a compatible PC/Mac game controller so that `` Anyone Can Cook ! ''
 I thought this game was going to be perfect . It is not perfect . You have to figure out some controls in this game . Here are the list of the controls you need to know : Context Move Button - `` G `` Minigame Action left button - `` U `` Minigame Action right button - `` I `` i figured out all of these controls quicky . The graphics , the gameplay , and the dreamworlds were great.The gameplay can be a little difficult . The dreamworlds were so unique because some of them were based on foods like fruit and meats . They are also based on dishes and other kitchen products . BUY THIS GAME !!
 My 5 year old loves this game and has been playing it since she was 4 . She 's a pro at the game and never gets sick of it .
 I installed this on my new Intel iMac -LRB- aluminum and glass -RRB- and it wo n't display the cut scenes or intro artwork . However actual game play works fine . It was just a black screen with sound . Overall Game play is decent . When I installed this on my PC it worked much better . All video played well . I could see the missing graphics that did n't work on the Mac . Pixar was founded by Steve Jobs of Apple and I would have thought that it would have worked flawlessly . Mildly entertaining for adults or older children , good for children who are fans of the movie that are old enough to handle and memorize the keyboard movement keys .
 I am not much a gamer myself but Ive been played some very great adventure games that I would recommend anyone anyday . For example
 If you remember that ol' 80 's late night T.V. show called `` Tales From The Darkside . '' That is the best way to describe this game . This game is a gem to dig up and play . They really need to update this game with todays stanards . I think it would be a hit , only if they did it right . But until then we have a game that has 1998 graphics . Point and click controls . Puzzle solving . Bizzare story line . All this makes it a great `` weird '' game and thats good ! The story is that you are in a car accident and wake up in a sanitarium not knowing anything about yourself . So you go about talking to other people , if you can call them that , trying to piece your memory back to sanity . Or are you dreaming . Or are you really crazy ? -LRB- Do n't call me crazy -RRB- I did n't call you crazy , you called yourself crazy . -LRB- I did n't say that , YOU DID ! -RRB- I 'M NOT CRAZY !!!!!! Yep folks , that 's Sanitarium and by looking at the other 5 star ratings , I think that speeks for itself like the voices in my head . So order Sanitarium before they put the straight jacket on you and you end up playing the game with your toes . That 's my review ! This is Hopscotch saying , , , , , BLLLAAAHHHH !!!!
 While a bit tough , Sanitarium is one of the most amazing and fun games ever . Most would say the replay value is pretty low , but I 've played it over and over and I love it . Not to mention it 's long enough that trying to play it all in one go is pretty difficult . Some of the puzzles are difficult , but none are so incredibly hard that there 's no way you can figure it out without a walkthrough . I adore this game , I would recommend it to anyone who likes something a little offbeat .
 Sanitarium is one of those rare jewels which , for some strange reason , do n't have all the recognition they deserve.I am 33 years old and , after many many years of computer gaming I can say this is one of the best adventures I have ever played . But it is not for everyone.This is an adult game . It does n't mean that it has sex in it , but some secenes could be disturbing for children.The plot evolves around a man who , after having a car accident , awakes in an asylum with his head wrapped up in bandages and without a clue about who he is and what has happened . Your goal in this adventure is discovering your identity and why you have ended up there.But you do n't seem to be in the real world anymore ... along your adventure you visit a small rural town where all the children have been horribly difigured by someone called `` Mother '' ; you visit a disturbing circus and freak show , isolated by a flood and surrounded by floating corpses ; you watch some ghostly secenes of your chilhood happening around you in the darkness of an abandoned manor ... It 's better that you discover the rest on your own . Grim poetry , unbearable sadness , deep regrets ... all of this and even more you will witness if you manage to get yourself inside the story which develops in the screen before your eyes.Regarding the ease of installation , everything is straightforward . As it should always be.The music is very good . I ca n't say it is something spectacular but it makes you feel what you are suposed to feel in every scene.The only problem I found with this game is the control system . It is n't as good as it could have been and it makes the few action scenes of the game a little bit more difficult but ... If you want to enjoy a state-of-the-art narration , do n't let this glitch refrain you from getting this game.As a bottom line I can only say this : If you want to play something different , a dark story -LRB- not unpleasant but disturbing at times -RRB- , with an intriguing plot , a game that could make you shiver if you play it alone and with the lights out , a game that will make you wish there were more games like that on the market so you could find something similar once you have finished it ... you should give a try to Sanitarium.As I said , a MUST HAVE . I wish it had the recognition it deserves .
 This game came out in the late 90 's and still remains one of the best games I have ever played . I still own the original version , bugs and all , not wanting to part with it .
 I had a blast playing this game ! I constantly found myself giggling and within no time had the whole house watching.The theme is rated T and the game play interactions are ` quite unusual ' . Definitely worth the play !
 Played Sanitarium back when it first came out , one of my top best games to come along . Later lost the game but was able to find it on Amazon . Like meeting old lost friends . Still great game , good graphics , movie clips , great entertainment . Very amazed how the each episode tied together with a great story line .
 Better picture that the composite video . Seems to be a quality cable with good construction.Works just as described .
 What happened to the Game - Star Wars Galaxies is probably one of , if no the most , entertaining MMO on the market right now . Contrary to what most of the reviews on here say , this game is not horrible mindless grinding with indignant players , who do n't care a thing about enjoying the game . However , I have played this game since June of 2004 -LRB- I know this is not since the beta -RRB- , and it has massively changed from its original format . When I started this game , the profession system was incredibly diverse , allowing a person to make a character to suite their playing style perfectly , but due to easily swayed Dev 's and a lot of unfounded whining -LRB- most likely from the same people who are now giving it bad reviews now , or at least similar to these folks -RRB- , the game was made horribly unbalanced . Fully leveled Jedi knights could be horribly wiped out by most of the other melee fighting classes , with no problem . Finally , the Devs realized that the game could not be fixed from its current state of buggered up , so they wiped it and started new . This time the classes are a bit more confined , but never the less they are just as fun.What this means for the game - The Classes are much more confined , so this means you ca n't have a crafter with any combat class skills , but the up side is there are two character slots available on each server . This is much better . Because rather than having a good craft with horrible combat or vise versa , you can have both a good combatant and a good crafter or what ever you want . Also everything is pretty well balanced . The only thing that makes a class better than another is play style preference . Another plus is other than a few 13 year old L33T speakers and a few 38 year old star wars junkies/gurus , the people are pretty friendly and helpful.MMO Recommendations - If you are n't sure what MMO to choose now here is my list of MMO 's I 've dealt with.Matrix Online or City of Heroes - Not much to do other than kill baddies . However , killing enemies seems to stay fun for a long time , and player interactions are always entertaining . Since fighting is all there is to do , expect much grinding and repetitive missions.Guild Wars - Content is fun for maybe 2 months , but after that you must entertain yourself creatively . Never was too hard for me , but it could be for some people . Free monthly fee is definitely worth getting . Nice side track when the pay per month MMO 's get boringWorld of Warcraft - Good game . The Fan base can get a little too into the game . The crafting is a bit odd and I never really pursed that too far . This game is also the most popular MMO right now , but I would recommend a trial.Star Wars - My favorite . You can have fun doing quests , talking to people , messing with crafting , or just plain , pointless screwing around . Space is also the icing on the cake . Every game has grinding and some things take forever in this game , but it is a good one for those who get bored with constant killing . < a href = `` http://www.fileplanet.com/158555/150000/fileinfo/Star-Wars-Galaxies-10-Day-Trial '' > Try the trial if you are unsure < / A > . PS - Never Dealt with Customer service , so it might not be good . I do n't know about that one .
 I have been playing this game for about 1 year now . Although it initially had alot of bugs in it due to the DEV 's wanting to rush everything out ... they have since included multiple patches and mini publishes to enhance the game 's overall experience . Is this to say the game is perfect ? By no means . However , I see it continually improving as time goes by . It 's pretty much like any other MMORPG simply with a different flavor/setting . The graphics are intense , and you can have your character highly stylized in appearance.Approximately every month or so , a new publish comes out to enhance the game 's overall experience . In the near future , the Jedi system is getting a complete overhaul in the manner of how the force sensitive slots are opened towards the path of the Jedi . It will no longer be a grinded profession series to master , but instead players will have to advance through a series of quests and such . Content is improving for the crafters side of the house , of recent note was the new improved droids , and the Image designer upgrades , both worthy and interesting to note.Also of note , new quests are coming out for characters to be challenged on . Some can be solo 'd others require a heavy amount of teamwork.The price of the game is dropping to a more affordable level as well , so as to make it easier for players to enjoy . In the near future , an expansion will be coming out -LRB- Ive heard fall of 04 -RRB- , So players will be able to go into space with thier own starships.Overall , this game is worth giving a spin or 2 , I enjoy it immensely . Good luck and Good hunting to you all ...
 Those of you who play games to say you 've finished it stay away from SWG . There is no end to this , and I love it . As a character you meet and become familiar with others . Going on hunts , gathering resources , and generally having fun . It 's true that the grinding part of the game is arduous , but the rewards when you acheive master are great . It 's a sad day whenever you have to drop skills you 've worked on so you can learn another skill . Those who are most disappointed in the game are those who play merely to become jedi or those who wish to be Luke reincarnated .
 Star Wars galaxies has far more variety to the game than other MMO 's I have tried . Quests , space flight , crafting , pvp , and the best player housing I 've seen in an MMO game.You can have your character 's image redone after entering the game world which is different as almost all other games set your character 's looks permanently after character creation.Of all the MMO 's SWG is the one that gives the most for me to do in game .
 for one im not a kid but i dont have an account and i didnt want to mess with it right now sooo.This game is on of the best games i have ever played well sure i did get it after the NGE -LRB- New Game Enhancements -RRB- but if you need a MMO game that gives you more freedom then , yeah its a pretty awesome game and i even picked it over Matrix Online and WOW -LRB- World of Warcraft -RRB- because of those freedoms . IT IS AN AWESOME GAME ... i mean it try it if you get the chance !!!
 This game is realy acctualy quite fun . It realy emergeges you into the Star Wars Universe , the people below are old players from the first versions but if you join now like I did , you wo n't notice a difference . It has anything Star Wars , you can communicate and receive missions from any character from the movies , Darth Vader , Boba Fett , Jabba The Hutt , Luke Skywalker you name it . It also has some stuff for fans of the prequel trilogy , just the other day I came across a space station commanded by the remanants of the droid army that attacked Naboo , speaking of Naboo you can access loads of Star Wars planets including ones you have never heard of . If you join now I asure you will get what you wanted . So pick up a copy today .
 Well the game is just great . I 've been playing since the beginning . But if you meant the game card , that 's awesome too because sometimes I get them well in advance even if I pay for free shipping . Love the shipping . Great job !
 To clear up any misconceptions , Star Wars Galaxies subscription fees are as follows :1 month - $ 14.993 months - $ 41.996 months - $ 77.9912 months - $ 143.99 As you purchase more months at a time , the cost per month decreases . So since 60 days = 2 months , the cost is $ 14.99 x 2 , or $ 29.98 . The game card is a good thing . You do n't have to worry about your credit card on the internet . You can give them as a gift . And if you do n't have a credit card , you can buy a game card and use that instead . The only problem is that you can only buy it for 2 months , so you do n't get the discounts for more months.As for the game itself , I enjoy it . It 's quite addictive . It 's a little tough to get started , but once you get going and join a PA -LRB- Player Association -RRB- , you 'll have a lot of fun . I recommend this game to any Star Wars or RPG fan .
 This game appeals to a broad spectrum of people . I 've been involved in chats during the game where young teenagers are saying that their moms love SWG , too . The players who seem to be the most frustrated with this game are the ones who want to get to the end quickly in order to say , `` I won . '' It 's about building your character and having fun along the way . Sometimes the bugs are bothersome and figuring out where to go & what to do can be confusing . But other players are so willing to help out . Again , we love it .
 There used to be a cereal called Kix that had a jingle , `` Kids like Kix for what Kix has got , Mom 's like Kix for what Kix is not . '' Eye Toy with Play2 is the Kix of video games.I am the parent of a six year old girl . Like many parents , I was worried about getting a video game system for my daughter , given the prevalent headlines about kids not getting enough exercise.Then I saw Eye Toy advertised , and I thought it could serve as a means to keep my daugther active , but still allow her to participate in video game activities which kids love.I bought Eye Toy with the Play 2 video game , and I could n't be happier with the results . My daughter loves the games . They are very inventive , and if you 've seen the advertising , you already realize that the Eye Toy camera puts the player 's image right in the middle of the action.The system does n't work perfectly , but close enough to simiulate activities from cooking to kung fu.The game format also allows for fun head-to-head competition which is great for kids parties , etc.The best part is , my daughter works up a real sweat when she plays the games . The games have her jumping , diving , dancing , punching , and kicking . She gets great exercise and has a lot more fun than if she was just sitting there.The games are n't just for young kids either . Kids up to young teen age years seem to enjoy them too . For that matter , I enjoy them , but I 'm not worried about appearing cool.We also bought my daughter the Sega Superstars disc for Eye Toy . Those games are geared for older children , but there are a couple which my daughter loves too.Overall , I could n't be happier with how this experiment turned out . I really hope more people become aware of Eye Toy 's benefits , because I think they are a great solution to a vexing problem . Maybe Eye Toy should buy that old Kix gingle.P.S . One thing the Eye Toy should come with is a lamp . Buy one of your own -LRB- we use a desk lamp with flexible neck -RRB- to make sure the area the player is in is very well lit . If not , the camera has a difficult time seeing the player , and the results are n't as good .
 I bought this game as a xmas gift for my 6 and 10 year old boys . They play this game NON-STOP , basically until they 're completely worn out . The game is a perfect way for kids to get exercise in the long winter months ! If your kids have a PS2 , then this game is a must have !!!
 I got this for my 8 year old son . He had a blast , moving , jumping , waving his hands , playing the game . My 4 year old daughter easily picked up the games too -LRB- Bubble Pop is her favorite -RRB- . I love the `` Anti-grav '' demo game and intend on getting the actual game later on . It is amazing technology at work ... This is not a passive , PS2 game at all and you can break a sweat while playing . That 's what I call fun !! We can even make funny videos of ourselves and see ourselves perform on TV !!! That is cool !!
 Eye Toy Play 2 is much better than the first . While the first had limits on what you could actually do , this one has very few . There is a much larger variety of games , and different activities . Such as running during a baseball game , dodging searchlights while collecting items , chopping pickles and smashing tomatoes , defeating a three-headed hydra and so much more.During multiplayer mode , you get to take a picture of your face which is then placed in the head of a robot monkey , which is a hilarious touch . Also , during multi-player mode , when a tie occurs , the players get to do a tie breaker in the form of a fun little mini game . The downside to this is that , if you want to play the minigames at anytime , you have to force a tie , which can be a pain.Downsides to Eye Toy Play 2 : Some of the games are more frustrating than challenging , and the instrutions in the booklet are n't very clear.Like most Eye Toy games , you have to turn on all the lights nearby and open the curtains to get decent enough lighting . Even when the camera is set to Dim Room.The video messaging is terrible . You do n't get to choose a background like in the original Eye Toy , and the image is small and distorted.The Playroom is difficult to find , and there is a limited ammount of games , some of which make no sense . Like , when it asks you to put a brightly coloured image in front of the camera . It 's just weird.Overall , Eye Toy Play 2 is completely worth the buy . It 's hours of endless fun , and the games never seem to get old .
 I got this game for my kids . One is 11 and one is 9 . They love it . They can have like video conferences with their friends and there are a lot of fun games for it . Like baseball , soccer , boxing , etc. . Hey this even come with the camera . I rated 4 stars because of the graffics . They are not the best , but still acceptible . Hope this review helps !
 Pros :1 . good party game for teenages/adults2 . great everyday game for kids3 . exercise for the kids ; great way to tire out your kids4 . good variety of gameplay and options5 . a lot better than the first Eye Toy Play6 . the kids seem to enjoy this more than the Nintendo Wii and Dance Dance Revolution games7 . easy setup ; just plug the camera in and playCons :1 . well lighted room required for good camera detection2 . some of the games may become repetitive for the older gamers but the kids do n't seem to mind
 My kids have both a Wii and PS2 with Eye Toy , and they love the eye toy more . With the included camera they are actually inside the game they are playing . They can play each other , and even have their friends play with them in multi player games . Eye Toy and Sony really need to push Eye Toy into full gear and make more games available to the US market . It appears to still have a good following elsewhere in the world , so hopefully they will fix that .
 What a great deal for both game and camera for only 10 bucks ! This is our first Eye Toy experience and it is amazing this technology was available back then versus the big hoopla surrounding the very similar -LRB- and very expensive -RRB- Kinect now.Instead of just sitting while playing his racing games , my 5 yr old son now ca n't wait to get up and demonstrate his best karate and boxing moves while laughing at himself on the TV screen . By the end of his alloted playing time , he 's had quite the workout and is much easier to work with come sleep time -LRB- bonus for parents -RRB- . I definitely recommend this for young children and families not ready to invest in the next generation motion based consoles .
 ALL OF THE MINI GAMES ARE COOL ! THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST EYETOY GAMES ! AND THE FACT THAT IT 'S CONTROLLER FREE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF ! AND IT DOES N'T HURT THE FACT THAT YOU CAN SEE YOURSELF ON THE BIG SCREEN WHILE YOU PLAY !
 great idea on sony 's part to try interactivity through camera around 2002 . too bad they did n't advertise it enough so it did n't catch on & the technology at the time was limited . the camera `` sees '' motion by seeing colors . change in color = movement . so making sure you are different color then everything behind you , no bright lights where the camera can see , limited clutter/items behind you & enough light to see is crucial.GamesPlayroom -LRB- mini/micro games -RRB- - Antigrav -LRB- eyetoy hooverboard game -RRB- , coloring , pool -LRB- hexagon w/pockets , not rectangle -RRB- , sonic sub -LRB- use voice to move submarine -RRB- , sonic goo -LRB- use voice to manipulate shapes -RRB- , fruit fighters -LRB- use colored paper to have your fighter stand on in your hand & move to fight -RRB- , wizard -LRB- draw shapes to cast spells -RRB- , chameleon -LRB- embossing , invisible , etc. effects by camera taking picture w/you out of frame first -RRB- , Solar System -LRB- travel solar system & cool color computer effects you effect using same idea as chameleon -RRB- Cameo - take photo of your head & it then is superimposed on head on a spring so you can punch it or make it explode into many mini ones.Extras - Spytoy -LRB- use as security camera -RRB- , Alarm mode -LRB- detects movement & sound & graphics go off -RRB- , Stealth Mode -LRB- takes a pic of anyone comes in front of cam -RRB- , Time Lapse mode -LRB- takes snapshots throughout the day -RRB- , Video Messaging -LRB- saves to memory card -RRB- Air Guitar - on screen guitar with couple of positions & strum/pick notes as they fall & boss levels with mimicking what boss didhomerun - has mini map to show what 's going on in field , you can bat -LRB- tells you direction so you can gauge time -RRB- & you can run & steal bases.Knockout - boxing in ring against 4 increasingly hard opponents , also has speed bag , heavy bag & sparring mitts mini game levelsDIY - various outdoor & indoor projects & gives you virtual heavy duty professional toolsDrummin - several levels of different style drums to hit when the ball floats to that drum w/boss simon/memory levelsGoalattack - guarding soccer goal , by moving your body or hands in directions up/down left/right moves your face/square to block balls from hitting net . also has fitness test -LRB- running/jumping -RRB- , reaction test -LRB- hit balls that blink -RRB- & agility test -LRB- guide balls into colored baskets -RRB- mini games.Secret Agent - break out of your cell in an enemy castle . get items , move & safe-crack all while avoiding the searchlights & cctv.table tennis - using your hand or even any item or real ping pong racket , try to win against 4 opponents . good programing , ball even seems to bounce like how it would in real life depending on how you hit it & even it 's speed.Kung 2 - like Kung Foo w/traps to dodge , not allowing ninjas to escape & regular punching of minions . 3 bosses
 This was the Christmas hit . Now all of the extended family have purchased it so we get to play at home and when we are visiting . They are playing video games and off the couch , we all win .
 My kids got this game from Santa last year and they have played it all year . They have the original eye toy also and love that . This one is so much fun for them . My 5 year old plays it as well as the 11 year old . They play it alot when their friends are over . It seems to work well as a group thing . I like it because it gets them up and jumping around . Not just sitting there with the controller in their hand .
 This was my children 's favorite game . The kids owe their own bodies instead of the joystick . This keeps them active and in shape . There are tons of games for every age and interest . I would highly recommend it to anyone !
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my kids -LRB- ages 5 & 8 -RRB- . They 've played it for HOURS ! They love the fact that they 're actually in the game -LRB- i.e. swinging at baseballs , punching punching bags , etc. -RRB- I enjoy watching them play!I would highly recommend this game . This was certainly one of their highlights for Christmas !
 Both my teenage son and younger daughter like this game . Fun for the entire family . Great way to get some physical exercise ... true interactive play ! Only complaint is we had to bring extra lights into the room for the camera to work properly .
 This game is so much fun . My kids had played it at a friend 's and got it for Christmas . They really work up a sweat playing . It is fun to play and even fun to watch . The only down side seems to be that you have to have a lot of light for it to work optimally and you need room to move around .
 In general , the eye toy is very entertaining , but the graphics could be better -- they 're a bit fuzzy and do n't always move readily as indicated by player .
 I have to say , I do n't have a problem with my 13 yr old daughter playing this game cause it actually gets her off of the couch and gets active ! She 'll come upstairs exhausted after playing this Eye Toy ! I highly recommend this for all kids . Lots of fun for parents too ! : o -RRB-
 This game is fun with groups of friends , but pretty boring by myself ...
 The game is lots of fun . We got it for my son 's 10th birthday and he invited his best friends for a sleep over to celebrate . The game was a blast ! They played until they got really tired and had lots of fun.The game requires very good illumination .
 The games and camera included in this bundle are quality they function well and are worth engaging in the resolution of the camera is grainy however but not so much as to detract from gameplay . I bought the eyetoy just to put my face in The Show '07 -LRB- I look like a half albino because of lighting but it is me closing for the Yankess -RRB- : this package is fun but the real knock here is the DISTANCE FROM THE SCREEN REQUIRED TO ENJOY THIS UNIT IS FAR you need the better part of a living room to get to where you are the right size in the game -LRB- s -RRB- . The lighting must also be fairly bright . Could be an issue for apartments small dorm rooms , dark bedrooms etc. . . The best activites seem to be the Solar System and Kung Fu at least those are the ones my six year old likes . Recommended with reservations as its one of those accessories that you might not find yourself using very often after initial play .
 Why tire out your fingers and thumbs when you can tire out your whole body ? Got the family playing the anti-grav game at our little reunion and it was just as much fun to watch the players as play the game . The sensation of direct interaction is tremendous when the camera is working right .
 Eye Toy Play 2 is fantastic ! We had high expectations since we already had the first Eye Toy , and we have not been disappointed with Eye Toy Play 2 !! There are fun games for all ages and boy , do you get a workout with some of them . I have to limit the time my kids are allowed to play because they would stay on it all the time . Adults we have had over enjoy it as well . I would recommend it to anyone . It is worth the money .
 I got this game for my niece on her birthday and she just loves it . All the kids played it , they could n't get enough . It was fun and too cute .
 The eyetoy is a great for PS2 . Gives you so many possibilities to do so many different things . There are tons of games out now that use eyetoy . This is hours of entertainment you wo n't soon forget . . The games are on here , wow this is just really really fun !!!
 I think I lost at least 5 pounds from laughing while watching my friends play this game on my 61 '' TV !!!!!! Great for kids , too !!!!
 I bought this for my video-game challenged 7 year old daughter . I figured that she would be able to adjust to the motion of the body instead of the controller . She 's just a klutz , but we love her . My 8 year old boy got into it right away and did quite well at several of the games . They both enjoy the game!After a few hours of kids ' fun , the whole family played a round of the Ninja game . Oh man . The 7 and 8 year olds are one thing , but the 39 year old dad -LRB- me -RRB- was something else . I thought my wife was doing well until she and my son had to race to break a tie for the lead . Wife was puffing quite nicely as she crossed the finish line . We put the kids to bed , and then I got my chance to check it out.I think the game will get old relatively quickly -LRB- specifically for single players -RRB- , but the novelty and game play are great . The camera and recognition software work like a charm . Wife caught me in the middle of a rousing game of Air Guitar . I think even she appreciated my ` rock-out ' pose for the saved game . It is a real nice touch that the players get to record their faces for their characters.I think this game will continue to excel as an entertaining and highly active contribution to our gaming . The multi-player modes are the most fun and challenging . The technology is amazing for the price . If you get this game , be sure to check out the demos of some of their other games -LRB- included on the disk -RRB- - they seem truly amazing .
 I purchased the Eye Toy Play 2 game for my three nieces who are 9 , 6 and 4 . They love it ! The game keeps them entertained for hours on end . They can not get enough of it ! The best thing is , it also keeps them physcially active . This is the kind of video game I can get behind .
 As you know if you are considering this , this game has a camera and software with the ability to translate the motion of the player 's hands into action on the screen.It is great in concept and works most of the time . It certainly can entertain my children -LRB- 6 and 9YO -RRB- and gets them moving . However the software is not perfect . Sometimes it wo n't recognize a hand movement -LRB- particularly in the Mr. Chef game where you have to grab various food items and drag them to a plate -RRB- and other times it seems to play the game for you -LRB- such as in table tennis , where just about any motion hits the ball right back to where it needs to be . -RRB- Most of the problems are eliminated if you read this instructions -LRB- e.g. do n't have a bright light in the camera 's view -RRB- and giving the player the benefit of the doubt is probably the right choice for fun.Being 6 and 9 , my children are different heights and this means the camera must be adjusted when each takes their turn . This makes multi player games a bit frustrating as sometimes it starts before things are all set.A very minor point . The chef in Mr. Chef is a bit crude , scratching his behind and saying `` Damn '' . Not a big deal but something I 'd rather my 6 year old not have to see in her favorite game .
 The Eyetoy was really a revolutionary idea on Sony 's part . The player was now able to interact with the game more than ever . When first introduced , most Eyetoy games came with the required Eyetoy camera , which is plugged into one of the PS2 's USB ports . You then insert the game disc that it came with -LRB- in this case , Play 2 -RRB- . Although I have seen the original Eyetoy game played in stores , I have not actually played it . But from what I 've heard and seen , Eyetoy 2 is supposed to be much more improved from the first one . One of the major improvements that I 've noticed is the larger variety of games and activities . The game comes with Kung Fu fighting , Boxing , D.I.Y -LRB- do it yourself -RRB- , Baseball , Secret Agent -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- , Bubble Pop , Air Guitar , Drumming , Monkey Bars -LRB- climbing on a building -RRB- , and even a game similar to diner dash . There are also several minigames/fun activities , such as billards , outer space , and even a program that records actual footage from the camera to the memory card . You can also use the camera as a motion detector . While the game is a major improvement from its predecessor , it is not perfect . The camera is very sensitive to light and as a result the game does not always function properly . However , under normal conditions the game is very enjoyable . The game offers a little bit of everything unlike the one before it , so there 's something for everyone .
 We do n't have the wii but we had PS2 for the longest time . Got this game and my 5 yr old loves the boxing sparring one . Eyetoy is better then wii in certain aspect because you do n't need controller . It is total 100 % physical interaction . Yes , the camera resolution is horrible but most 4 to 12 yrs old will not care . The kids go crazy when they take high scorer 's photo . Excellent game for young kids . Not all games are great in this package . So I gave it 4 stars . IMPORTANT ! You must adjust camera lighting and room lighting setting before playing . Otherwise , the games are useless .
 This game is amazing . Not as sophisticated as WII , but at this price you ca n't beat it . The kids love it and they get great exercize when they play . They play it as well . It does n't sit on a shelf the way so many things do . Too bad Sony did n't get the word out better about this . Grab up all the games while you can . You wo n't regret this purchase .
 has good variety of interesting games ; I do n't recommend it for 3-4 yr old ; the complexity of operating the menus and understanding how to position themselves in relation to the camera is beyond their mental capacity ; you 'll have to stand by them to get the game going for them ; sometimes the game would n't operate reliably but I think that is because the lighting was n't adequate ; I had to turn on all the lights in the room and bring in an extra lamp ; but if you have enough lighting the camera will work
 We got this for our kids for Christmas . They love it . They really like the boxing game , the do it yourself game -LRB- diy -RRB- , the bubble bursting game in particular . The eye toy takes some getting used to , and sometimes it is a little frustrating because it takes a while for the software to figure out what you are selecting.But overall this is a hit with the kids -LRB- ages 7 and 11 -RRB-
 My son was thrilled to get this for Christmas . EVERYONE loves it . Everyone who plays this has a blast !
 My son , 12 considers this a very fun game that can make you sweat and laugh at the same time . He says that you can pretend to be a rock star with Air Guitar , kick butt with Kung Two , play table tennis with Susie Swift , and much more . There are games for two players too . My son and I played several challenge matches and I even beat him a couple times ! As a parent , this may be the best PS2 game you every buy .
 My kids LOVE this game and the camera ! They have so much fun with it , and it works great . Your body is the controller , you do n't use the handheld controllers at all . It 's quite easy to select buttons on the screen by waving your hand . Even my 3 year old has the hang of it . It gets the kids moving around , and they love that they see themselves in the game with the camera .
 We got this for our nephews but we tried it out before giving it to them . It was lots of fun . It was pretty easy to set up and use too .
 this video game was recommended to me by my 19 yr . old son , for my 7 yr . old son . it is a great hit , my 7 yr . old loves it and my other sons -LRB- ages 19 and 22 -RRB- enjoy it also . very entertaining , well worth the money .
 This Is The The BESTEST Game Ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I Love It So Much . It Has Games From Eye Toy Play 1 And Knockout , D.I.Y -LRB- Do It Your Self , Monkeybars -LRB- That Is The 1 Game I Think Is Bad -RRB- , Kung2 , Table Tennis , Goal Attack , HomeRun , Air Gutair , Mr.Chef -LRB- My Favorite !!! -RRB- It Also Has A Video Recorder !! I Love This But After You Play It For Like An Hour The First Day , When You Wake Up The Next Day You Are Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Sore !! But It Is Still Very Fun.How Much Fun - 10 ... 10 ... 10 !!!!!!!! Educational Value - HOW DO YOU GIVE A VIDEO GAME AN EDUCATIONAL VALUE !!!! The Only Educational Game I Know Is The Bible Game And It Sucks !! 1Durable - It Is Still Perfectly Working And I 've Had It For At Least 5 MonthOveral Rating - 10 ... 10 ... 10 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great game . However , I can only play it at a friend 's house . Even though I pre-ordered it from Toys ' R Us in July , it somehow is not getting shipped to me until November ! I wish I could play it at my own home .
 My experience with these games has been mostly great and a little frustrating . These games are perfect for a younger -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- video game player . My son sweats when he plays ! I feel better about his playing this than other sedentary games . They are also for 4 players , so getting everyone in on the action is possible . There have been some bugs , and it does n't always respond the way you want . The single player versions are usually a little less frustrating . For us Wii resisiters , it is affordable , active and exciting .
 I found this device around 30 bucks on a store . Here you get it PLUS a game for around 9 bucks.Just that makes it worthwhile.On to the hardware itself
 We bought the Eye Toy with camera for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas . She has been having a lot of fun with this ever since . Unlike other video games this one has her up and moving ! It also is something that several people can play together - young and old alike ! I would definitely recommend it !
 We ordered this as a Christmas present and the kids love it ! The neighborhood kids love it , too ! We like that it gets the kids up and moving , instead of just sitting to play their games . My husband and I have actually enjoyed it , also . I 've never really enjoyed playing video games with the kids until this . The boxing is very fun , and the kids really have a laugh at the way I move doing it .
 Great game , keeps kids on the move and not just sit there moving their thumbs . My kids enjoy this game , even their friends like to come over and play .
 We got this for Christmas as a group present . There is definately something for everybody from 4 to any age . The games keep you moving and help the kids to really use their energy . Also helps kids be more conscious of the movements that their making to play the games . Best of all everybody has fun no matter who wins !
 The eye toy is a lot of fun for a group to play . You can try to beat your high score or the other players . It is also fun to watch other people playing the games .
 My house is generally dark and not very lighted even with lamps and stuff . So I tried playing my EyeToy but it did n't recognize very well . My arms get tired before I even get to pick a game cuz I 'm having trouble waving my hands over the button and not getting it to light up . Also I suggest you play this on a Big Screen TV or something bigger than a 26 '' cuz your hand gets cut off and cant be see when you reach other with your one hand . Other wise it 's alot fun just make sure you got plenty of light and a big tv to play in .
 I give it to my little bro in his birthday and we play it with the whole family until late that night . Next day our arms and legs hurted because of the excersise we did the night before , but even like that we play again and again and again.The only thing is that at night just make sure to have enough light in the bedroom where you are going to play and do n't put any lamp in front of the tv or the camera .
 This game is overall pretty fun , but the camera does n't always pick up on your image making it hard to control at times . Overall , great games though . The best is antigrav , which is just a demo , but very fun to play .
 This fan is great . Just stick it on the back of your Wii system and it keeps it cool .
 In the XBox version of The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe movie , the game mixes in video footage from the movie with action game fighting , coin collecting and obstacle climbing.If you 've played a platformer/adventure game before , you have a fair idea of what 's involved here . You bash random objects to see if coins or special tokens emerge . You climb up trees . You kill random enemies that come at you . You get to checkpoint at spots along your path , in case death visits you . At the end of each level , you get your coins and tokens tallied up , and get a rating of how well you did.You have an incentive to gather as much as you go - the more coins you get , the more special abilities you unlock . Those skills really help you as you get into the more challenging areas of the game.Since you have the four main characters from the book and movie , each character has his or her own special abilities . You often have to switch from character to character to get past an area - having the young Lucy climb up onto objects , having the stronger Peter bash at doors or wolves . There are even combo moves where two characters interact together in order to solve a problem.The graphics are reasonably good for the XBox platform . There are many transitions between the video cinematics and the in-game graphics which really help to ensure you feel a part of the story . If you want quick gaming , you might get frustrated - there is a lot of movie to sit through , to build the atmosphere for you . However , if you really enjoy the storyline , you 'll be thrilled . You get a lot of the background and interaction to give you meaning for what you 're doing.Some of the gameplay is a little more annoying than it should be . There are missions where you have to figure out a timed path . There is n't any real rhyme or reason to the path - you just keep trying paths and failing until by default you end up with the correct one . Ditto to the `` find the -LSB- insert object name here -RSB- '' kinds of missions.Also , the camera is * really * annoying . There are many spots where you want to turn around and examine the area , but you ca n't . In the modern world of gaming , there 's really no reason for a fixed camera angle.Still , for people who love the movie , this is a great , fun way to get involved in the movie storyline . There is fighting , but it 's a mild style of wolf-bashing type of combat.Well recommended .
 The Chronicles of Narnia -- The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe is a definite must buy . I had so much fun battling ogres , dwarves , and wolves . There are so many different settings and different battle moves . When you first start it 's a bit difficult but you soon get the hang of it.I < 3 The Chronicles of Narnia -- The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe on XBOX !
 The game is alot of fun but the instructions are not always clear enough .
 After I saw the movie , i asked for the game for Christmas and got it . It is very fun , and not too hard . There is none of those icky parts where alot of people cant figure out what to do . I like having weapons , but it could have been more violent . . : -RRB-
 What the heck is wrong with that one reviewer ? What is that kid talking about ? THis game is seriously good . I do n't know what the big deal is about the talking thing . PLEASE ! that is a bunch of crap to talk like that . This game is n't too hard if you 're with someone else . Most levels are pretty OK , except for two when you 're by yourself , it 's really hard ! This so much fun to play ! Do n't listen to this one reviewer at all !
 i loved it it was awsome i love anna popwell and hannah hume
 This game is pure violents . remember to play it with the lights off . When you needed to kill the bunny rabbit i got scared and needed to turn it off for a while . The girl is hot
 Excellent game to play . Fun , fast and full of typical Call of Duty action . The Wii controller adds a whole other interactive element to Call of Duty which is exactly what the Wii system is all about . Make sure to have a steady hand though . Aiming and holding the fast moving screen with Wii controller is a serious challenge . TIP
 I first must stress that I am already pretty tired of Call of Duty type -LRB- WWII FPS -RRB- games . I prefer 3rd Person SOCOM type games but this one is different because of the Wii controls . You 've never been able to feel more in the game than you can now . The non-stop action will never get you bored especially because you have to stay focused with the Wii Remote . If you have checked my review of this game for PS3 and are wondering why they are so different , let me quickly explain . I rented it and returned it within a couple days because it bored the hell out of me . The main question is ... would you rather feel -LRB- Wii Gameplay & Controls -RRB- like you 're in the real WAR environment , or would you rather it look -LRB- PS3 & Xbox Graphics -RRB- like you 're in the real WAR environment . For this reason , as in for other games like Madden , DBZ , etc. . . is why I choose Wii .
 This game keeps moving . It 's easy to get lost in the action and lose track of time . You do n't get killed at every corner you turn so it 's not frustrating in that respect . Controls take a while to get used to . Couple of cons , occasionally waste time trying to figure out how to get out of a blown up house , 2nd the mounted machine gun is non-intuitive . When you lift UP on the butt end the gun nozzle -LRB- front -RRB- should point down . It 's backwards in the game , you basically have to ignore the gun and concentrate on the cursor . It 's a little weird having the Sarge tell you to lead the charge when you have n't got any ammo left . Large selection of weapons to shoot from single shot scoped rifles to machine guns , occassional hand to hand , binoculars , calling in tank rounds , etc. . Overall lots of fun , I may even let my son play it sometime : -RRB-
 This game is VERY challenging . You must be very good with the wii remote or you will find this game to be very annoying . I suggest start practicing the wii with more easy games . Then come back to Call of Duty and see if it is easy for you . Call od Duty 3 is an awesome game . I recommend it .
 This game is really fun . Its hard at times but can be very fun . the controls are okay and sometimes if you hold the nunchuck and the wiimote close together or in a wierd position your character starts to walk slow . This game is based off of real battles . If you watch the interviews then they tell you about their experiences . One of the things call of duty has never done is have the whole game in one campaign and theres new teams . The Polish and the Canadiens . I think this is the best call of duty console game . In this game you ca n't be the Russains which stinks . And all the groups are connected in the story . I say get this game !
 This is the first game I played when I brought home the system . It starts off with a bang and is relentless in keeping you on the edge of your seat . Intense fighting and awesome driving experiences make this game a must have . I have nothing negative to say about it .
 Call of Duty is the best game that you can get for the Wii with its launch titles . Except for Zelda TP , of course . The story line is incredibly well developed as you lead the ally forces in their liberation of France . The game utilizes all aspects of the systems capabilities as you use the unique motion sensing capabilities to drive a jeep , plant charges , aim a mortor , and even fire your own weapon . The graphics are not quite comparable to those of the PS3 's or the 360 's , but it never becomes an issure . This game is incredibly fun and I would strongly reccomend it anyone .
 This game is very interesting and my wife also likes to watch my playing . She said that it looked like a movie . But at least two bugs in the game . one chapter , when I threw a grenade and the basket was blown down and blocked a teammate . Then the trigger point never appeared because the code needed that team member to do sth before opening the door for next step . Another bug is in the chapter when the player needs to drive a jeep according the map . But there is never an exit if you drive even a little bit differently from the designed route . So once u passed by that exit , u could not see the exit again when u drove back .
 found this game great right now kinda stuck on ending keep getting either killed or blown up the timer is very hard
 I love this game , but it is a bit difficult to get used to the unique Wii controls including driving and hand-to-hand combat .
 Call of Duty 3 for the Wii requires you to aim your gun , throw your grenades , and interact with your controllers . This makes the game very challenging.It 's important to realize that the Wii has lower quality graphics than the PS3 and XBox 360 - they did this on purpose to keep the price down . It also means that normally the Wii aims towards cartooney games where it does n't matter at all . With Call of Duty 3 , the game is a much more realistic , WWII shooter . You need precise visuals to be able to see your camo-covered enemy in amongst the rubble . Where this was a challenge in the PS3 version , it was bordering on extremely difficult on the Wii because of the pixels.We love Call of Duty 3 in general - the open gameplay , the realistic environments , the storyline . We were really looking forward to the Wii controllers letting us `` live '' the experience . While some actions were pretty straightforward and became second nature after playing for a while , others were never quite right because of the Wii remote design . Buttons were n't within easy reach.The sound was exactly the same high quality as on other platforms - thundering gunfire , screams and shouts of your friends and enemies . You really get immersed into the fog of war.I also wonder why they did n't offer a widescreen version , or multi-play . The Wii obviously supports both modes , we 've seen multiplay in other games and widescreen in other games . To have black bars down the left and right of the screen did n't make a lot of sense , when the game was obviously done widescreen for other platforms . And part of the whole fantastic play-for-months feature of the Call of Duty series is that the single play mode is just training for the real challenge of multi-play . Is it really hard to kill off the enemy soldiers when they keep coming in , one after the other , through the same door that they just saw their friends die in ? If you snipe someone out of a spot , a friend will leap into the exact same spot to take his place . I longed for real humans to challenge me.Still , if you 're a shooter fan and only have a Wii , this is definitely better than previous-generation games . It 's a step up , a step in the right direction . And , with this being a launch title , I cut them some slack for not quite having figured out the best ways to use the joystick and to hone the graphics .
 This is the best Wii FPS so far . Much better visual and control wise than Resident Evil . Gameplay is actually rather difficult so it makes you want to try and try again . Must have in any Wii game collection
 I have not done many first person shooter games since DOOM and Quake for the PC , and I have not played many console games -LRB- besides Halo at my brother-in-law 's house -RRB- . Bearing in mind I have n't played many console games , I have enjoyed COD3 a lot . The game has enough variety and is challenging enough to maintain my interest . The controls are fairly easy to learn , and controling jeeps and tanks , etc. is fun .
 I 'm a happy camper ! You 're great ! This game came before the estimated arrival time . The price was fair and it works perfectly .
 This game is actually a lot better then I thought it would be . However , be warned that there is NO multiplayer whatsoever , off or online . I keep seeing companies advertise it as having multiplayer but it really doens ` t . It would be nice if the game actually did include it , but the developer said it will not be added in the future . I wish companies would stop saying it includes it when it does n't , because it 's false advertisement and I bought it under false pretense because of such .
 Great price . Has never been on sale in store for less than 49.99 !
 I beat the german in the room on the first try .
 I bought this 2010 , fours years after it was let out , but I just now got interested in getting a game for the Wii that you could shoot on ! -LRB- I 've always loved shooting games ! -RRB- The reason why I gave this four stars is because the story is to short and movie like , you turn around a corner , and sure enough , the same two guys are there . One runs away and the other jumps behind a crate.I do n't really like the cussing though , I 'm 13 , and when they say h. . . , a. . , d. . . , and sometimes son of a b. ... , it really bothers me . -LRB- That 's all the cussing that 's in it -RRB- It has blood , but you have to be ten feet away from the guy to see it . The body 's do lay around , but that does n't bother me either.The graphics are some times fuzzy , but overall pretty good.The story line is great , but too short , I finished the game in two days ! And I could of finished it in one , there are fourteen chapters and they 're all about twenty to thirty minutes long . That gets old fast!The controls are good , but I also like the controls on the Xbox360.If your looking for a clean shooting game that is loads of fun , I recommend Star Wars Battlefront II , here 's a link.http : / / www.amazon.com/Star-Wars-Battlefront-II-Playstation-2/dp/B0009O7HVM/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s;=videogames&qid;=1278182862&sr;=1-3I know it 's Star Wars and not American war related , but who does n't like Star wars a little . It has mild cussing , but I did n't really even here it , it 's like h. . . , d. . . -LRB- That 's it -RRB- The body 's disappear , there 's no blood , and there are a ton of unique levels and story mode . The graphics are just about as good as the graphics on CoD3 . You can also move around in unique ways , like crouch , roll , jump . And you can play as Jedi 's . There is no Star Wars Battlefront II for the Wii , but a lot of people I know have multiple stations . But , back to Call of Duty 3 . Too sum it all up , great game , good graphics , cussing , blood , body 's lay around . Good story board , but too short , and the controls are fun .
 great controls that are very responsive , entertaining cut scenes and good game-play . graphics are not great
 I have n't played many call of duty games , but since I decided to get a Wii i figured my style of gameplay would open up new horizons for me.Call of Duty is a great game , tastefully done to represent WWII 's invasion of Normandy Beach . The gameplay and shooting is spectacular with the Wii . Also , the interactive touch of getting the player involved past the point of `` just shooting '' with a conventional controller has evolved with the `` Wiimote '' . They could have made it a little more interactive , however , I must say that when a German soldier surprises me behind a wall , I do like the fight sequences.When a soldier surprises you , you have to fend him off with a series of motions -LRB- which do get a little old -- they should have just made random series of motions to make it a little more difficult to figure out -RRB- . Shooting along with the soundtrack made it a stressful situation , and when I get butterflies in my stomach from a video game that is always a good thing.I finished the game in a little under a week , with heavy to moderate gameplay between work and play . A 2-3 hour stint on the Wii was considered a very long one . I would recommend buying then selling the game , or renting it out for a prolonged time .
 This game is fun . The Wii is for fun . Its not always about graphics -LRB- though there nice to look at -RRB- . If you have yet to play a FPS on the Wii let this be you first . This game is a good game and add in the Wii 's new control scheme and you have awesome . I will admit it takes a litle to get use to , but once you learn it sniping has never been so easy . At time thing get very intense and you feel as if your there . So of coure there are drawbacks ... no multiplayer :-LRB- . I found things like throwing back a gernade difficult because of the buttons you have to push and how spred out they are ... then again its probably not easy in real life . So in closing ... Game -LRB- out of 5 -RRB- graphics - 3 -LRB- but its the Wii -RRB- sound - 5replay - 2gameplay - 5FUN FACTOR - 5Overall
 I never thought I would be able to get into the Call of Duty series but that changed a little over a year ago with World At War . After I finished up with World At War I was hungry for some more and I picked this game up and I got to say it is a lot of fun.The graphics are pretty good for when it was made . Character models and particles such as smoke and fire look good . The level design is superb and better than most shooters on the market . Also the cutscenes look nice and are well animated . Sound like most COD games is nothing short of excellent . The voice acting is great and it is cinematic enough and some of the characters have some funny lines along the way.Gameplay is fun and if you have played a Call of Duty game before you kind of know what you are in for . The way it works is enemies respawn until you reach an invisible checkpoint by following the mark on your compass . Once you hit the checkpoint the enemies stop respawning in that area and you move up and repeat this process . The scripting of the enemies is pretty good.The aiming controls are good but not perfect . If you have played a Wii FPS you will kind of know what to expect . They work good for aiming but they are not as good as games like MOH 2 . The motion controls work most of the time but this was released early on in the Wii lifespan so at the time developers thought every single aspect needed waggle and thank god developers have learned not all motions will work good enough.Overall this is a very good game . It has a few shortcomings such as the controls are not perfect . It lacks all of the multiplayer modes of the other versions but it is still a very fun game . There is concept art and other things you can unlock also as you progress . I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys the FPS genre or anyone looking for a good game to pick up and play once in a while .
 This is the best game for bringing you into the heat of battle . I thought that the story was awesome and I really liked how accurate it was to what really happened . The controls take a while to master , but once you do it is really the most percise controls on the wii . I also liked the personalitys of the characters , they were interesting and believeable . To you out there who get bored with predictable gameplay , never fear there are quite a few different actions that are done with the wiimote which include hand-to-hand combat , driving a jeep and a tank -LRB- very fun -RRB- and even useing mortor in a few instantces . The game is not short by any means , but once you master shooting behind cover it will make near impossible to die.Also for you out there who love to pick of enemy troops one by one with a sniper , you will be be very happy with one of the last levels where it is a sniper 's pardise , you are shooting from a house window where you are rarely shot at and you have a lot of targets and over a hundred shots -LRB- my favorite level -RRB- Well I will end this review by saying that you have got to get this game .
 This game is entertaining and I can not stop playing it . I have successfully completed all of the levels multiple times and I am still thoroughly enjoying it . There is interesting plot -LRB- helps you to get to know the characters -RRB- and the levels all have something new and exciting in them . The only issue , the Wii has really bad graphics , so sometimes it does n't look at all real . but it still is incredibly fun to play . Compared to World at War I feel like they did much better on 3 , however , my personal favorite COD game on the Wii is Modern Warfare Reflex . But this one is definitely right there with it.Just to recapPlot :5 / 5Graphics :2 / 5Controls :5 / 5Overall Gameplay :4 / 5For any of you who are trying to decide on whether or not your going to by this product , I highly recommend it . This game is top notch .
 I love this game !!!! I owned it for 2 days and I am on mission 5 . After 4 missions I decided this is the war game for me ! I like the graphics , just buy this game , it is way better than COD4 5 and 6 and 7 even , the older ones are funner . Please buy this game , good price too . The graphics are n't that good for Wii so I reccomend you buy it on Xbox 360 or something but overall really fun game .
 Bought this for my husband for Christmas so that he could get on the wii and play some games ... kept him very busy ! LOLOL
 My 11 year old son loves all Call of Duty products , and I was a little worried about this game . However , it actually has him using the remotes to do hand to hand combat , where he gets off the couch and gets active . It provides some pretend driving fun , tanks , jeeps etc. . It 's not only fun , but it also has built some confidence in him in a more defensive capacity . Aside from the more mature violent content , I really was surprised by the fun of the game .
 i got this for christmas about 2 years ago something like that now im just gon na start off with really the only con the wii controls on this game need some getting used to but after a day or two you should get used to it the storyline is epic the music is good the graphics ehh pretty good good game overall get it its worth it
 I purchased this game for my husband and he really likes it . It took him some time to figure out how the weapons worked etc but he was dedicated .
 Excellent historical strategy game . Humorous comments made by the characters make it even more fun to play . I love the line `` Ok , we are on a mission to get coffee and donuts the problem is that the Germans drank all the coffee and ate all the donuts now we got ta go kick their butts . ''
 This game is fun from blasting enemies with cool classic ww2 guns , driving tanks , driving armored jeeps and shooting with them plus some history lessons on guns used and other stuff.The game is quite good exciting and not boring since you are not only doing assault missions with one band but fighting along with the Polish , Brits , Americans and Canadians it ` s a different game of the WWII focused only on the days of war in France.You will enjoy this game if you like FPS games .
 This game was released with the Wii and I have to give it credit for that . The game was good in terms of action and gameplay . The controls however , were a little sloppy . It was as though the develoopers took an existing game and just threw in Wii controls . The driving was terrible , and the idea of rowing a boat was a bad one . I really enjoyed the way the guns work with the movement of the Wii Remote . If you like a good first person shooter , this would be a good place to start on the Wii .
 Call of Duty 3 is a fun game . I myself have never been good a first person shooter games and was doubtful on whether I would like this game . However , the ability to aim with the remote made it seem much more natural and fun for me . I was able to start feeling like a pro after the first couple missions.The game has some rough spots . Its frustrating to use the reomote motions to do things such as plant explosices as the game does n't seem to pick up the motions very well , in those situations . I found myself frustrated having to repeat motions alot . The game is also shorter than I expected as I had just finished Zelda and was expecting more gameplay but the couple weeks of fun I got out of it -LRB- one mission or so a day -RRB- was worth it over all .
 The controls for this game are super tight . The trouble is getting used to it . In a Xbox 360 game , you get shot at , you react , but the reaction is so slow it does n't matter . Here , you move the wii mote too much , you 're looking at the sky . But once you get used to it , you never go back . It 's tons of fun . I recomend it . Just wish there was some real good multiplayer . Maybe next time .
 I never cared too much for the Call of Duty games on the PS2 and Xbox , since I always played first person shooter games on the PC . I just prefer the mouse and keyboard combination way more than the dual analog joysticks on my Playstation controller.I am now going back to console FPS games thanks to the Wii . Using the point feature on the Wiimote is almost as good as playing on the PC . It 's not quite the same sensation , but it is pretty close . It takes a little getting used to , but after a day you wo n't want to go back to your xbox/playstation controllers.The graphics on the Wii look GREAT ! True , they are n't as good as the PS3/Xbox360 versions of the game , but that really does n't matter too much . The gameplay is much more involving and FUN ! That 's what games are supposed to be right ? Would you rather have a FUN game that looks good or a mediocre game that looks GREAT ? The Wii wins , hands down . I prefer this version over the PS3 and Xbox360 versions . There 's no comparison.PS . I noticed the planting bombs action with the Wiimote is a little touchy . I think I figured it out though . When you place a bomb , hold the nunchuck straight and move to the right quickly . It may take a few tries , but it eventually works . Then , go around in a circle to arm it . Then , when it comes time to take out the pin , point the wiimote and the nunchuck at each other and then pull them apart from each other . It works fine . Other than this , the game is nearly perfect . Too bad there is no multiplayer yet : -LRB-
 This game is awesome ! I bought this game at Game Stop . I recommend this to anyone who ca n't play the newer version of Call of Duty because of the rating . - Stephen , age 9
 Call Of Duty is just Awesome ! I reccomend the game to everyone ! Call Of Duty is just Awesome ! I reccomend the game to everyone !
 My grandson loves it and plays it all the time on his Wii . I just hope it 's not too violent for him .
 , This game is fun and my first call of duty game on story . I love sniping and having to hold the Wii remote still to get a headshot provided a fun challenge . On the downside , there is no multiplayer on the Wii and if the remote is pointed away from the screen you spin into a spiral . But all in all , a fairly good game
 I hate the violence in the game , but my son is 13 and he LOVES it . What else can you say ?
 Bought for my 16 yr old son who is an avid Halo player and he told me that it was awsome !!
 I too got stuck at the first hand to hand combat -LRB- melee -RRB- and no matter how much wild thrusting and commotion I did with the remote and nunchuk I could not defeat my Nazi opponent . I had to give up on this game after only about ten minutes play as there is no way to skip over or go around the hand to hand combat . SO NOW A YEAR HAS GONE BY ; Finally returned to this game and took the advice of other gamers and carefully read the on screen instructions and I was able to successfully beat the crap out of my NAZI opponent and move on with the game . Be patient , it does require some effort but you will win . I have now spent about two hours with COD 3 and it plays pretty well , not as smooth or sophisticated as later versions but it is fun to see how these games have progressed 2006 . I enjoy the combat shooter genre and COD is the stalwart of these games . Buy it , play it , enjoy it and move on up the ladder of wii combat . Do n't miss the 007 games either , too fun .
 Having just upgraded from the XBOX 1 to Wii , I was greatly impressed with this game . I read some reviews that panned the graphics etc and I must say its really a perspective thing . If you 're coming from the XBOX 1 you wo n't be disappointed at all . The controller gun is great . I am using the NERF gun , , , ** Gamestop is selling Call of Duty 3 for 19.99 . .
 My grandson enjoyed this game which was delivered more quickly than promised .
 The wii controller gives this game a very nice realism
 This game has the potential to be very good , and on the other systems I 'm sure it is so , but for the Wii the controls degrade from full enjoyment . For example , you use the wiimote to change your view and shoot , while you use the nunchuck to walk and strafe . The jerky motions of the wiimote , which is difficult to properly stabilize , give the player the impression that they are a one-legged , drunken monkey , all the while trying to peg screaming Germans . If you buy this game , do n't buy it for Wii !
 here we go another ww2 game ... like we need it but hey what ever its what the fans love.ok alot of people are giving this game bad reveiws just because the controls are horrible well there really not i do them almost perfectly and its because i turned down the sensativity on the wii remote so people the controls dont suck its you who suck and the graphics are pretty good not ps3 xbox 360 good but there good for the wii . And another thing the only thing bad about this game is that its way to easy i beat it in about a day and that was on and off of my wii so ill go through my cons and prosPROS...-graphics are moderate-gameplay is good-controls are easy -LRB- except for u noobish people out there -RRB- - the cars , tanks are pretty cool to drive-Cons ... the jeeps are a pain to drive just because you have to hold ur remotes weird-no multiplayer-way to easy-graphics again are ok at best-to short-the guns are same old same oldso overall i would give this game about a 4 i would have liked it better if it had wifi and good game for that would be medal of honor heros it has good wifiCOD fan NEWS ... and other game fanscod waw coming out november 11007 quantum of solace coming out november 4tales of symphonia coming out november 14 i think correct me if im wrongand the conduit is coming out in march
 They are shipping very fast -LRB- as the same day you place your order -RRB- . The game is shipped in good condition .
 Totally satisfied -LRB- and impressed -RRB- with the delivery turnaround during the last minute holiday rush ! Quality of product was excellent as well .
 Call of duty three is freakin awesome . i started playing it and litterally could not stop for at least 2 hours.Here are some pros and cons.PROSExtremely funfeels like real lifeyou get to be point -LRB- you get to lead your squad -RRB- You can driveCONSControls are hard in the begginingOverall this game is a must have for the wiiBUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is wild . Realistic and exciting . Like the scenes and the action . Do n't like the difficulty in hand to hand combat , but otherwise really like the game .
 I played Call of Duty 2 on the Xbox 360 and loved it . I recently bought the Wii and decided to buy Call of Duty 3 . Overall I enjoyed the gameplay . The story is well-developed and not an after thought as with so many other games in this genre . Moving around , aiming , and shooting all seem very natural with the Wii remote and nunchuck controller . Driving the jeep is a lot of fun , and the tank is also a good experience . You 'll also have the opportunity to fire a wide array of weapons , artillery pieces , and throw lots of grenades.The graphics are decent , though the textures are not quite as vivid as the Xbox 360 predecessor . The characters seem to have a very fluid and natural motion , and they have excellent aim -LRB- so watch out ! -RRB- . There are some drawbacks . In many levels , the object is not to eliminate enemy troops but to accomplish some other task . As a result , at times it seems that the enemy soldiers are respawning like crazy and appear out of nowhere thus detracting from the realism . Fellow squad members are mostly worthless , and contribute only superficially to fending off the onslaughts.There are also actions that require the Wii remote , such as fending off a hand-to-hand attack and setting demolitions . The actions required in these situations are awkward at best.One final drawback to mention
 Similar to another reviewer , this -LRB- the Wii -RRB- is the first console since the original Nintendo that I was ever excited about . I generally avoided the consoles , especially FPS games for them , due to my reliance on Keyboard + Mouse control.Gameplay
 Ok , first to all u guys that say that your arms hurt when u play this
 Overall , this is a great game that is worth the time and money.However , I just wanted to fix a huge mistake Amazon put in the product discription.The Wii version has NO MULTIPLAYER
 It 's sad to see that people are sharing their discouraging views of this game after '' ... playing it at a friends house for only ten minutes . '' I first played this game on the XBox 360 and thought it was great . But despite the graphical downgrade , the Wii version took the gameplay to another level . The experience is much more immersive and to be honest , the graphics are n't as bad as people are claiming them to be . After playing this game on the Wii , it 's really hard to imagine playing it on any other system . Sure , there are some motions that might not be as responsive as we 'd all like , but what some other reviewers have failed to mention is that most of these guestures are also programmed as buttons that you can press instead . With that said , I 've never had my rifle stolen by a Nazi while playng this game like most claim to have done . My guess is that they 're waving the controllers too fast . To sum it all up , driving , shooting , and throwing bombs are done with extreme precision . This is truly an experience you wo n't want to miss . If you 're still in doubt , rent it first . But do n't be surprised if you end up buying it .
 As a Wii owner , I must say , this game is thrilling . It 's just plain fun . I myself was taken aback by the graphics -LRB- this is the best looking Wii game I know of -RRB- , the incredibly complex envionments , and how much I got into playing . With the Wii remote , you 'll no doubt be jumping around the room shooting here and there.The downside ? Well let me elaborate a bit on the controls . People say they stink . Truth is , they do n't . The basic controls are fantastic , and it makes playing that much more fun . However , there are moments -LRB- and I mean just moments -RRB- in the game where you have to , say , wrestle a gun away from an enemy . But the game could n't make it easier by showing you exactly what to do with your hands . Do n't underestimate , really do what they tell you to do . Get into it!It 's a fantastic war game , it 's really well put together , and for the Wii , it looks great . Do n't listen to people who say this does n't look good , because it 's one of the very few must-have Wii games around so far .
 When the first Call of Duty dropped , it 's stellar production values and tight game play elevated an already impressive first person WWII shooter genre to even greater heights.With Call of Duty 3 , the series continues to build a superb legacy for itself despite a few minor yet unfortunate miss steps . COD 3 is an incredibly immersive game and everything from its impressive graphics , -LRB- ignoring the awful smoke grenade effects -RRB- to it 's incredible sound effects and its cinematic story telling approach , places you squarely in the heart of battle . Any concerns about how this game would control on the Wii can be laid to rest . Call of Duty 3 plays amazingly well on the Wii-to a point . -LRB- More on that later -RRB- For most newbies however , it 's still going to take a moment or two to get used to the idiosyncrasies of the Wii-mote . Instead of controlling a second analog stick to move the camera , COD 3 -LRB- and every other fps on Wii for that matter -RRB- has you simply turning your Wii-mote left or right . Once the initial learning curve of this movement has passed-control feels completely natural and intuitive as if it was the way it was always meant to be . This works so well after a while that in other games -LRB- like Zelda -RRB- you will miss the ability to do this.Where Call of Duty 3 fails however is in it 's attempt to take advantage of the unique capabilities of the Wii . Certain actions such as setting charges and such , become entirely too gimmicky and are a nightmare to control . Initially I could set a charge by sliding the on-screen pin into the charge with my nunchuck , then turn the nunchuck around in a circle to tighten into place . But then , when I needed to pull back from the charge , the game refused to recognize the action I was performing with the nunchuck . This happened every single time . There were certain moments where I literally sat there for five minutes -LRB- swearing heavily -RRB- trying to finish up the action , swinging the nunchuck about in every possible direction and at every possible angle with no luck . The game simply refused to recognize my movements.Another gripe I had with the COD 3 also pertains to poor recognition . During battle , it is not uncommon for German soldiers to toss a grenade or two your way . COD 3 gives you the option of picking up the grenades and tossing them back . It 's great when it works , but 90 % of the time when you `` toss '' your grenade by flicking the nunchuck it does n't recognize the movement even after you 've done it repeatedly , therefore the grenade blows up in your hand-killing you instantly . I do n't know how many times I died because the game simply would n't recognize that I had thrown the grenade . Granted there are options to set grenade throws to button presses only , but the layout of the buttons is clunky at best and would render the grenade tossing entirely too cumbersome in the heat of battle anyway.All in all , despite its flaws , I still found COD 3 to be a very enjoyable game and played it all the way to the end . I would even re-play it given the chance . If you 're a fan of the Call of Duty series , or any first person shooter for that matter-you 'll enjoy this game . Despite the occasional aggravation of faulty controls , COD 3 has still become my favorite in the series . Here 's hoping they 'll do a better job with the controls in the next installment .
 I have to admit , I entered into this game skeptical as to how it was going to work . I am a PC person , and believe that the best play for an FPS , was on the PC . Duel analog sticks are just clunky to control for the consoles . Upon cracking this thing open , I found the controls to be way over sensitive . I could n't hold the crosshairs still . In my mind I 'm thinking , `` I knew this was gon na suck ! '' I finally thought of trying to turn down the sensitivity on the controllers . After adjusting the Horz . and Vert . sensitivity in the COD3 options , I was on my way . It was really alot of fun . Moving around with the Nunchuck , and aiming with the remote was really easy to pick up . The screenshots really do n't do this game justice . You just have to see it to appreciate it . I kept hearing about how the Wii was inferior to the PS3 and 360 . I really do n't see that much difference . The smoke effects , and the lighting are probably better on the other consoles , but the core graphics are pretty close . It certainly does n't detract from your enjoyment of the game . In fact , the gameplay was better for me , just because I do n't have to use those clumsy controllers . Overall being one of the first games out for the Wii , I would have to give this offering a B + .
 I 'm a console gamer who recognized that the best FPS were on PC . Unwilling to spend hours on my computer chair in front of a 19 '' screen , when I could be on my Lay-Z-Boy watching a 37 '' TV , I 've put up with a lot of crud.CoD3 for Wii is a refreshing change for console FPS . Yes , it has its flaws , but it 's also a launch-title ... so I was surprised just how few there were.Pros : - Good graphics -LRB- better than PS2/GameCube/etc . , sub-PS3 / Xbox360 -RRB- - Great controls -LRB- once you adjust the sensitivity -RRB- - Sound effects are great on my surround sound-Smooth gameplay -LRB- minimal slowdown , etc. despite MANY moving characters -RRB- - Most of the maps allow for strategic approaches , utilizing cover effectively.-FUN !!! Cons : - Wii-mote is too sensitive until you adjust settings-Enemy AI leaves something to be desired ... I 'll shoot the soldier in one window , only to have his buddy start shooting out of the same window.-While maps have plenty of cover , you sometimes feel like you 're being `` herded '' to your objective , rather than strategically identifying and approaching -LRB- no free-roaming -RRB- . - Suspect `` hit-detection '' . Seems like a head shot and a leg shot often have the same effect.While there will be better FPS coming out for the Wii , this is a solid launch-title and should satisfy any Wii-owner suffering from `` Zelda-fatigue '' . While not perfect , CoD3 truly satisfies !
 Arrived just as promised and in good condition , have not had any problems with disk . Fun game to continue the Call of Duty series , a few added items to play , like mortar and tank battle .
 it was so awesome my son loved it . All he does now is play it now he wants black ops on the wii .
 I know I 'm behind the times , but this is my first FPS for Wii . Just a tip
 This was a fun game , of course now it is out of date and all but in its day it was pretty good . Most of the COD games were good .
 COD 3 is a good game . It may not have multiplayer , but it has good quality . In some cases you have other objectives than killing the enemy troops , such as planting a bomb -LRB- more on that later -RRB- , which makes them respawn so quickly that it take away some of the realism.Until you do this objective , they will not stop coming back to life . Some other people say that having to hold up the Wii remote is a pain . I have a Wii and you will have to get used to it . Once you get used to it you will have a hard time using a separate control stick to move your view , in which case make your view move slower -LRB- such as in Halo Reach -RRB- , which I find very annoying . The story is very short , which makes playing it over and over again boring . In case you 're wondering if it had zombies , it does n't . I personally was hoping that it did , so there is nothing to do in bonus features but watch interviews and find out the stats of the guns you use . Despite all of the bad things , it is a very fun game . I suggest you buy it .
 I got this game for christmas last year . I did n't finish but had alot of fun . Great game and kills lots of time.For a wii it has good grapics and great gameplay . Its a hard with wii controls at some points but once you get pass those stages your back on a battle field and you and your gun are ready to lock and load . I have played a other call of duty for X box 360 and had more fun , for one reason split screen and online . If you are looking for a game for single player expirience you will have loads of fun . And call of duty fans with wiis may wa n't online at least rent for a good campain .
 The condition of the CD was very good . no scratch on the disc at all.I bought it as preused-like new condition in half price than the new one . Also liked the gaming interface . Satisfied with my purchase .
 This cooling stand is great for protecting you Wii gaming system . As other reviewers have said it is loud but only when you first turn it on but give the cooling stand a few minutes and it turns into a light humming sound . The sounds from the game and the sounds you make playing the games far exceeds those of the cooling stand . Having a place to store one remote while using the other and being able to charge 2 AAbatteries is a bonus . Keep your Wii working properly and keep it from over heating with this Wii 4-in-1 Cooling Stand!I would buy it all over again !
 Well worth the money ! never have any problems with the system overheating now ! Well worth it .
 The wii 's internal fan has a habit of burning out over time making gaming sessions over an hour impossible . This stand keeps the system cool and has a few extra features for good measure .
 I got this for my son after we got the ring of death . Wish I had known about this product sooner . So far so good !
 I this charging station ! Not only are my `` Wii ` motes '' fully charged whenever I want to use them , I never loose them . I always have the problem that whenever I have a wireless remote for ANYTHING , it always runs and hides from me . With this , I always know where they are . Having them fully charged , and ready at my convenience is GREAT ! I hate always having to keep batteries close by , or having them run out and `` Wii ` mote '' dying in the middle of a crucial part of my game . The fact that the stand also cools my Wii so it does n't over heat is great , it would just be easier if the button to turn on the cooling fan was on the front instead of beneath crucial wires on the back . I suppose we could leave it on 24/7 , but that just seems a waste .
 This is a must have for the wii system.The wii runs hot even if not in use.This cooling stand is a perfect fit , runs quiet , keeps your wii cool even afterhours of use , it holds 5 game cases on the right side , holds the wii mote on the leftside , but only if you take off the sleeve grip.Also has a nunchuck holder on the left sidethat does ` nt hold very well but hey , who puts those things away anyhow.It charges 2 AA batteries by way of a/c adapter or usb cable and has a cool blue light that goes all the way around thebottom when you turn it on , if your into that sort of thing.Only one flaw I found is the batterycharger door does ` nt open as far as it should for my big arthretic fingers -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , but not a big deal it is still doable.For $ 20.00 it does a great job protecting your $ 200.00 wii.I feel I made a worthy purchase .
 its fun , enjoying all outdoor games in the comfort of my drawing room together with my family .
 The 4 in 1 cooling stand is an excellant product I would advise it for use with the Wii
 Great product it works great it does what its supposed to do i love it !!!!
 This cooling station is the best.It works great and will keep your wii working for a long time , with this cooling and chargeing station !!
 This is a pretty good product and does what it says -LRB- cools -RRB- . The only reason I didnt give it a 5 star rating was because it never turns off fully , the blue light stays on till the electric goes out . Thats because the on/off button on the front got stuck and now stays on at all times .
 This product works great and is much needed because we play our Wii constantly for hours ! Love the neat glowing blue color , too !
 I bought this stand a couple months ago and have to say that I 'm pretty happy with it . There are some flaws that you can avoid by buying a fan and battery charger seperately , but for the price , it 's a good value.First , to address one thing I 've seen in a couple reviews
 Before we were constantly picking the unit up , and changing batteries every couple of days . No more ! Keeps the Wii unit from falling over plus recharges the batteries . Great investment !
 People , listen up
 This stand is exactly what it says it is . The only thing I do n't like is the light has to be on for the fan to turn on , but it 's not too bad . The fan is n't loud at all . I like that it charges rechargeable batteries and also hold the remote and a nunchuck . It plugs into the USB port in the back of the wii and it also has a USB port on the back of the stand so there 's still an open one . It comes with an AC adapter to power it if it 's close enough , but I do n't use that . I like that it holds 5 games , but I do n't like that the games are raised up .
 I purchased this based on reviews from amazon and other sites . I am very pleased with the cooling stand . I have been using this for 2 weeks now and it really does keep the Wii from getting over heated . I have had no problems with the fan making a loud noise.It almost sounds like a small desk fan that 's on high.It 's no bother at all . When the fan is on , there 's a cool blue light that the children love.Good product !
 The cooling fan had gone out on our wii when everyone said it does n't . It was a few days before Christmas and I purchased 18 wii games for my son . This gadget saved Christmas for me . I would definitely recommend .
 Before I purchased this our Wii would overheat & shut down frequently , making it too frustrating to play . This device works very well , the Wii has not shut down since I purchase it . I know that others have complained about the lighted base , -LRB- it is bright -RRB- but it lets you know that you have left it on . The battery charger is nice too . Very economical way to get more enjoyment out of the Wii , I recommend this item .
 I just bought this and i found that it is very quiet and looks real cool with the blue light , fan could have been much bigger but then again what more can i ask , it does what is says and also has another usb port available in it , people you really ca n't complain good product great price !!!
 Awesome game though the levels could have been a bit more difficult . But overall , very exciting , very enjoyable .
 I bought this game for my grandson 's birthday . He is crazy about it . My grandson is 4 yrs old .
 It doesnt have that great graphics ... Because you need a component cable to make the graphics good retarts of america ! Oh yeah if you imagined hard enough the controls are as if you are leaning on a skateboard . AND it is fun ! DONT listen to the first review
 When I checked out this game it kept showing that everyone bought the skateboard with it . I did n't find anywhere that the board was n't used . We got our 5 year old this game and the skateboard for his birthday . He loved them both . Too bad they do n't get used together . The game is fun but we are still very disappointed that Amazon keeps showing this game often sold with the board . It is very misleading .
 This is a really fun game I loved it . I played it for a while but then I got bored . The gameplay is repeative . Same maps . Nothing new . You just keep skating and skating ... Might be fun for a while.Multiplayer mode is great . Up to 4 people can play at once and have fun .
 Bought this for my 8 year old . He loves it and so does his dad . It 's lots of fun and not too difficult to get the hang of . I love that it does n't require extra accessories . Great game for the price . Fun for all .
 My 11th year old son received the Wii version for his birthday . He is totally hooked on it . Money well spent .
 We did research on this game , and found many `` professional '' gamers dislike for the simplicity . Let me tell you that for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- this game is a steal . My two boys play it all the time , and jump around while steering their skateboard , and trying tricks that no human could ever pull off or survive from . Some of the background music choices are n't my favorites by any stretch of the imagination , but if you can get over that then this game is great for young gamers . Toys R Us was selling this game for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- this past fall .
 Granted I got this during a gold deal ... but it is a great game even at regular price . Good graphics . It was a little tricky to master at first , as there are a number of special moves you have to do to get lots of points . However once you learn them it is fantastic . Highly recommended !
 I have n't got to play this game yet . The kids have hogged it since we got it in early January . Great game for the Wii . Except that when my wife watches the kids play , she gets motion sickness from watching the screen . That 's how realistic it is .
 This is the first Tony Hawk game we have played so I can not contrast it to past Tony Hawk - I simply compare it to other wii games and console games in general . THIS ROCKS ! There just is nothing like playing a video game where you become a part of the game and your motions are the boards motions . This is not some silly game where twiddling a 1/3 inch joy stick has some significance . This is a riot ! The races are fun and addictive . This is the fulfillment of the wii concept . We only have a few wii games so far - but this became an instant hit and we love playing it . -LRB- `` Blaaaaaaaaah '' -RRB- is a quote from the characters being interviewed , when you cut off their inane chatter by hitting A.
 My 5-year old is obsessed with the Hawkman , and so this was one of our first games for the Wii . I was a bit nervous because I 've found past Tony Hawk games tricky for me , let alone for him , to master.Imagine my delight when we started playing this . It 's just outright fun
 This is a great Wii game that actually takes advantage of the motion sensing functionality of the Wii.In this game you control a racer with the Wii-mote in the Steering style . You can race or try to get a high score on the trick mode -LRB- like inSSX -LRB- PlayStation 2 -RRB- -RRB- . You can attack your opponents and if you hit jumps you can do all sorts of moves -LRB- also likeSSX Tricky -RRB- . In trick mode there are multipliers that increase your score -LRB- like inSSX 3 ... , ok so this is n't the most original game -RRB- . Some people may have some issues since this game is quite unlike any other TH game , but it is actually quite similar to a particular boarding game.Let me spell it out
 As a review said earlier , this game is not very original . I 'm a huge fan of the ssx series , and while playing this I realized how similar it was , but still incredibly fun . I play multiplayer with 4 people , its so fun . Our favorite is doing big air -LRB- trick -RRB- , makes my arms kinda sore , shake the remote backwards to do backflips and other cool moves . Other cool game modes are steal the head and elimination . A lot of cool courses , I believe its 12 in total . I highly recommend this game for those who want a fun multiplayer game , extremely similar to ssx , like on tour , but oh well , still awesome .
 This is my oldest 2 sons favorite game . They are 5 and 8 . We have over 20 games , but they play this one everyday . -LRB- This and Super Smash Bros Brawl -RRB- .
 I bought this for my son , who is almost 7 . The game says ages 10 and up , but he picked up on it right away . He loves it , and has been playing it ALOT since we got it . My 37 year old husband loves it nearly as much ! There are even a few girl skaters to select , which I 've played with . The graphics are n't as good as other game systems , I think that 's the general for Wii overall . Wii makes up for it with the interaction you get in these games . This game is alot of fun ! It 's very realistic .
 I like some of the tony hawks but after underground 1 it went DOWNHILL . This is great for rainy days or nights when you ca n't go skateboarding -LRB- with out hurting yourself -RRB- . Plus one of the new features is racing which is the only thing tony games needed to spice the action up , cause after playing most of them -LRB- other than underground 1 -RRB- the got boreing after 10 mins to 30 minites of play
 I rented this game and have really enjoyed it . The action is very goood and the controls work great . This game makes good use of the Wii .
 Could n't wait to get this game to my girls especially because it is hard to find anything with the Proud Family . We love it !
 This was a hard item to locate and purchase , but well worth it . Cartoons are wonderful for me and this one is travel size ! It contains 2 episodes that aired on television , I was so thankful that it contained my favorite one ! Good gift for those who like Penny and her family .
 This game is surprisingly sophisticated and yet should not be too difficult for any one . Active characters are the four Pevensie children and although you are forced to play as a specific child in certain areas , in other areas you can cycle freely from character to character . There are a generous number of side-quests as well as the main quests that take you through Narnia and the ultimate defeat of Jadis . Actual scenes from the film are used , but the original graphics for the game itself are stunning . The usual upgrades in weapons and armour are available but there is a new and intriguing twist in the form of ` Blessings ' that can be purchased as well . Gameplay is satisfying with ample combat situations and a myriad of different enemies . The only games that compare with this one are the EA GBA games for LoTR
 This game is wonderful . Plenty of rewarding side quests . Say you are assigned the task of rescuing a unicorn from a dungeon , and you 're soooo not strong enough . Well , that 's fine , cause you can just mosey over to the eagle and he 'll tell ya to climb to her nest . That way you can get more ice shards -LRB- money -RRB- and be able to buy more . The only thing annoying about this game is two of the side quests . First , the nest climb . For ever I could n't find the vines to climb up on . They are by the beaver 's house where Mrs. Beaver is standing outside . Second , the pheonix 's second quest . The pheonix is at the top of the mountain , near the Stone Table . He tells you to kill six giants , thankfully individually . The giants are on the path leading back to the rest of the world . If you 're not strong enough to take on the giants , tough . You ca n't get past them unless you run like crap and die with two ogres , five wolves , six giants , four boggles , and a hag following you . I did make it out once first , though . if you 're fighting a giant and you 're Susan , which is best . You must shoot from far away . If all three of you faint with no health left , you all die , which happens alot . I usually have to wait for Peter and Lucy to get off their fat butts to help me . I 'm the last line of defense if they faint . And an animal companion wo n't even continue to fight if you all die . Say if I want to be the strongest one , Peter to fight the giants . Susan , the last line of defense will automaticially stand right next to the giant , and I usually have to run screaming.Anyway , do n't worry about the Witch battle at the end . She 's the easiest on the battlefield . I recommend getting the best weapons for it , though , since two cyclops and an ogre at once is not unheard of . The best weapons for them are
 This game is the best , you can save up your ice shards and buy better swords for Peter , bows for Susan , greatswords for Edmund , and daggers for Lucy . You can engage dwarfs , wolves , rats , ankleslicers , boggles , goblins , hags , wraiths , werewolves , ogres , cyclopses , minotaurs , minoboars , giants , and finally the White Witch in grueling combat . Your siblings aid you as well . I beat it , but I 'm going to erase my file and play again , it 's so fun . The con is that your sibs share your health meter . This is a great game to add to your growing collection of DS games .
 A very fun game . The funnest game ever created ? No . But still very fun . You get to fight , explore -LRB- which can sometimes be annoying when you 're looking for the same place for hours -RRB- and be the four Pevensies in a switching mode -LRB- which is very similar to Harry potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for those of you who play Gamecube -RRB- . Something that is pretty coolin this game are all of the side quests and missions , which normally I hate in most games , but I liked in this one . So Borrow , Rent or Buy this game , because I think that for this game they are all good descisions . And if anyone knows how to get to the Final Battle please tell me.Peace .
 This game follows pretty close to the book 's story line with a lot of side quests.Pro 's : - You can get ice shards to buy better armor and weapons from Mr Squirrel here.-The side quests can be pretty fun-The side quests usually have rewards where you get to assign things like ` cheetah speed ' or ` leopard agility ' and whatnot to one kid . Sometimes , the person-or thing - you helped will give you the answer of how to use Lucy 's cordial or the pan pipes to call up dwarfs or roots to destroy your enemies.-There are instances where you have to figure things out - usually using logic and noticing little things that stand out . But not so often that it gets annoying . OMGosh , Imma climb a tree and get to the top of the mountain ! - It helps A LOT if you keep the map open as you explore . Else wise , it gets frustrating.-If the map 's open , it 's pretty clear where you need to go next . Just head towards the nearest path that leads to another sequence of the map . It 'll also keep you from continuously going into dead ends and it 'll be a lot easier to recognize your surroundings.Cons : - It get SO monotone when you keep having to find people in dungeons . Ca n't wait to get out of that one . If I could just leave those dumb four lords in the dungeon then I 'd be so happy.-I have no idea how those ` blessings ' work.Love this game ! Seriously is one of those games where you stay up late trying to finish it.Opinions : Me
 This game is just like the book The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe . It 's very fun and it is SO cool . It looks so real . You have to control the kids and get them to save Narnia . If you like the movie and the books , you 'll love this .
 I find this game just right for my 7 year old boy . Is not too hard nor too easy for him . Color and sounds are great .
 bought it for the grandchildren . they have really enjoyed it . they say it 's even more fun than the later one .
 I Think That This is a good Game . You can buy new bows and sowrds and better armor . But it takes a long time to get around
 I do n't use it my son does and he loves it.I think the instructions must be quite straightforward because he dose n't normally have patience for reading long winded instructions .
 This impressive joystick was quite a bargain . I was curious to see if the feedback system would be a lame gimmick . But using this joystick on MS Flight Simulator is more immersive with the added tactile sensations . The stick is not just a pointing device , with feedback it feels more connected to the visuals on the screen.The enclosed CD and address for AVB are outdated . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Pinnacle Instant CD+DVD is by far one of the best programs I have ever used . Nero is also very good . Pinnacle Instant CD+DVD is very informative while you are burning a CD . Much more informative than Nero or Easy CD Creator . The graphical interface is very similar to that of Easy CD Creator 's , this one , is much better though . This Program Easily allows you to burn Data and Audio CD 's , DVD 's , and just about anything else you can think of . If you are looking for a good Burning Program , look no further than Pinnacle Instant CD+DVD .
 Instant CD/DVD includes a very good suite of tools for burning CDs and DVDs . It includes all the features found in `` Instant Copy , '' which allows you to copy DVDs , even fitting a 9GB DVD onto a regular CD-R or CD+R disc . In addition , Pinnacle throws in tools to capture videos and burn homemovie DVDs and also rip and burn CD music . Usually these tools are not worth the extra you 'd pay , but the rebate makes this a very good deal.The only downside is Instant CD/DVD is slower than the DVD burning program that came with my burner . But , truth is , since burning DVDs usually takes tons of time anyway , whether it 's 15 hours or 16 hours does n't really make a difference to me , hence I still give Instant CD/DVD 5 stars for bringing all your burning needs together nicely.Since it worked out-of-box on my WinXP laptop , I have no contact with tech support so ca n't comment on that . My tip for successful burning is
 This is truly a great program . It has all the features of other CD/DVD burning programs and more . Instant write allows you to access the CD/DVD as a HD/floppy but unlike others it allows you to make it accessible on any computer by `` closing '' it . There is also a single virtual CD drive that is created . The package also includes `` Expression '' program , which is like a Studio 8 Lite -LRB- I actually think it may be better -RRB- . And of course `` Instant Copy '' which is sold as a stand-alone program for coping DVDs . The interface is very clean and informative . And with a huge rebate it is very cheap - really to cheap for how much it offers .
 I made sure I did NOT install Instant Drive -LRB- for that matter , I did not install Virtual Drive or the Music stuff -RRB- . This left only enough drivers to copy CDs and DVD , and to make Data / Video / Music CDs and DVDs . it has worked well for 2 wks now.One quirk , the dang thing does n't Verify its recordings . I 'm thinking it 's a bug in the sw because it keeps coming back with a bad sector number that is the same no matter which data DVD I write , yet the DVD reads OK . It 's just annoying that I ca n't get verification of the write op.In spite of that , I 'll buy more copies of this pkg for some PCs at work . / Vic
 IF YOU LIKE INTERACTION AND DETECTING WHAT , WHEN AND WHERE THIS IS THAT KIND OF GAME . I RECOMMEND .
 Q ? Entertainment wisely decided to leave the core gameplay unaltered from the original `` Lumines '' . It 's still as addictive as ever , with the falling 2x2 blocks and simple 2-color scheme giving way to complex strategies . The additions come in the form of new skins , new songs -LRB- some of which have video backgrounds -RRB- , new mascots -LRB- mine 's a kitty ! -RRB- , an expanded puzzle mode , and a remix mode where you can create your own musical effects . The game also allows you to start at an intermediate or advanced difficulty , for those of us who could keep playing the original for hours after maxing out the score . My only complaint is that the song list feels somewhat shorter than the first game , and it did n't take long before I had looped it and was repeating the same tracks again . Still , Lumines is already a new classic for puzzle games , and this sequel adds more of what most players will want .
 Although I was already a big fan of Lumines from the first game , this sequel adds quite a bit more to the gaming experience with better music , nicer graphics , and more game play modes . Some of the levels are a little too `` busy '' visually , with video in the background and heavily animated cubes , but it 's a great game experience overall . The best part is , it 's the kind of game you do n't need to play for long stretches on end . It 's involving and fun , but the levels are n't so long that you need to be tethered to your PSP . -LRB- But you 'll want to be ! -RRB-
 If you 're looking for something to fill the hole left by Tetris , Bust-a-move or any other block type game , you 'll love this . My wife and I have been playing each other non-stop since it arrived in the mail .
 Lumines and it newest version , Lumines II , are about as addictive as any video games I 've ever encountered . The sheer simplicity combined with the beautiful visual and audio quality of this puzzle game give it tremendous `` replay value '' , as every time out is in some way different , no matter how many times you play it.My only complaint with the newest version , Lumines II , is the use of actual music videos playing behind the puzzles . They tend to be very distracting -LRB- imagine trying to keep the puzzle moving as Gwen Stefani stands in front of you , half-clothed and gyrating in her usual provocative manner -RRB- , and crowd the screen in such a way as to make playing the game unduly difficult.Even still , Lumines II is every bit as good as the first . -LSB- NOTE
 This game is awesome ! If you liked the first lumines , there 's no reason to dislike this one and plenty of reasons to like it more . It 's rare that sequels are better than the original , but in this case , it really is better . The gameplay has n't changed from the original . The mission is still to align colored blocks in 4 or more of the same color to form a square and clear the board . Classic fun originally brought to us by tetris back in the day.In addition to the great gameplay and music of the original game , this one has even better music than the first . You 'll hear a few of the same songs from the first game , but added to them are new original compositions and songs by black eyed peas , hoobastank , gwen stefani , and even `` regret '' by new order for those of us old enough to remember that wonderful song . And the cool thing is . . while the songs play , the video plays in the background of the game . The blocks that drop are really cool looking in this game too!There are also now 3 levels of play . . beginner , intermediate , and advanced , and a new puzzle mode and `` mission mode '' has been added in addition to the original Vs. CPU mode and time attack mode . You can also change the order of the skins and songs once you clear the level.If you liked the first game , I ca n't recommend this one enough . It 's great ! And if you 've never played Lumines , I recommend this one over the original . It 's that good .
 This seems to be the original . Great that I can play on the PS2 in my son 's house . But I prefer Lumines 2 for the PSP .
 Lumines , my girlfriend really wanted it and kept speaking about how good it is , I got it for an amazing price and popped it into the PS 2 . Was n't sure what to think at first , however after 3 hours of not leaving the game , I was thoroughly addicted.If you are into casual stacky , shape/color matching games like Bejewelled and Tetris , with a slight psychedelic strobing kick , give this game a try !
 This game is a lot of fun with its bright colors and bumping beats , and is very addictive.The only problem with it is that it gets repetitive and has a lack of modes , but the unlockable stage skins and characters give you something to work for.I would give the graphics and sound a 5/5 , the re playability a 3/5 and the overall gameplay a 4/5 . Pretty decent game for the price , and a must have for puzzle game collectors .
 There have been puzzle games that are always fun to pop in and play even after the game has been cleared once or twice such as Bombastic , Tetris and yeah Klax too but since I first saw Lumines for myself back when it first came out it looked to me like it would be the next great puzzler so from the time I saw that this game came out for the Playstation 2 I just knew this was one I just had to have . When I got this game as a gift I was looking forward to trying this game for myself . Since then I have played this game through and through and this has got to be the most demanding in clearing any and every challenge -LRB- not that that 's a bad thing at all -RRB- and I do n't think I will ever forget how much I could feel my actual heart beating out of my chest when I was on the verge of reaching the maximum 999,999 points which I can proudly say I actually accomplished at that very moment . Plus there is also the Vs. Mode where every character is even more challenging than the last , the Puzzle Mode with 100 levels where you have to think and move fast since clearing every puzzle has a time limit as well as the timed challenges where you only have a minute or two to beat the record number of squares cleared and not to mention all the unlockables that comes with completing these challenges as well . In closing , this is one puzzler that is always fun and challenging from the start and if you have a Playstation 2 and are looking for a true puzzle game well look no further since this is one that will keep you playing for hours and hours .
 I have Lumines Live for my Xbox 360 , so when I saw how cheap the PS2 version was , I bought it for my female friend and she loves it , being a big Tetris fan . What makes this stand apart from the numerous Tetris clones out there is Mizuguchi 's brilliant melding of music with motion . In some games , the music is an annoying distraction , but in Lumines it flows quite nicely to the visuals , actually helping you anticipate when to drop certain blocks for the biggest combo . Another great thing is the inherent learning curve , you begin by simply forming block combos , but as you progress you begin to form more complicated shapes , until you start to see patterns within patterns . Once you reach this point , you are in the zone . Levels go from being annoying obstacles to freeflowing mazes you effortlessly traverse , progressing to even more spectacular backgrounds and music tracks . I 've never really played anything so closely resembling synaesthesia , except maybe Rez , Mizuguchi 's other musical masterpiece .
 I found out about this game from my cousin who owned the game for the psp . Id play for hours whenever I got a hold of the game . I recently inquired a ps3 and didnt know what to do with it -LRB- since most of the games arent really female friendly -RRB- . I ordered it online and when it arrived , i invited some friends over to play . My friends were sold by how basic and fun the game was . Great game !
 I love this game . . I have n't played it that much , but so far its great . I am a huge fan of the first one , and this one is awesome to . The video backgrounds are a trip !
 My son really loves this game . He cant get enough of it . its much less violent than those zombie games !!!!!
 Very well wrapped . Let 's play it soon . But we have commented that despite being of guns , supports for team play
 Let me start by saying that this game is totally sweet it has like ps3 graphics and sound great story line I recommend this to anyone who wants a challenging but beetable game for ther psp
 This game is like the call of duties from 1-3 . Same graphics as 1-3 . And Same game . I suggest to get the game but if you have a 360 or ps3 get black ops and World at war . There so much better . But get the game for when theres nothing else .
 I bought this game for my 11 year old nephew and although I am not a big fan of war games he sems rather enjoying it . I asked him if he liked and said `` yes '' so I think that the game was a hit . The seller was very prompt and the item was as promised . Would use it again and I have no reservation to recommend it .
 It was a very fun game and it was the very first and only call of duty game Ive ever played so far so i would say the controls were very good . I also liked the graphics they were very good too . I liked this game very much and think you should get it if you are looking for a good handheld call of duty game .
 First of all , I 'd like to say I bought this game on my trip to france and i 've had my PSP for over a year now and in france the only `` cheap place '' to buy good stuff for less is Fnac , french company.When I got there I was astonished by the price , but what the heck . Such a good game ca n't be found in such a reasonable price there . Personally I thought it was cheap due to personall stupidity reasons I wont mention.When I got to my hotel I started my PSP and a movie came on , of the game.I was blinded by such graphics and sound , I like to play my games with headphones on.A week later I was satisfied to have beaten the game on green , which is the easiest gameplay of the game.You can play on three types of levels
 For my birthday back in June I received a PSP . I really love this little gaming console . At the time I purchased the PSP I also purchased Call Of Duty Roads To Victory . I 've never in my life played any console games on a console . So I was totally unfamiliar with the console type controllers used with the PS1/PS2 or Xbox . This was a short coming . I tried to play Call Of Duty within the first day or two of buying it . I became frustrated with it , and concluded that I wasted my money.I eventually purchased Tomb Raider - Anniversary to give it a try as I had played Underworld on the Wii to which I am also unfamiliar and liked it . I 'm an old PC gamer from days gone by , and recall being one of the first people to by and play Doom and Duke Nukem , so you know where I 'm coming from . Long story short , I struggled with Tomb Raider after a few levels . I simply had to learn the controls . So I pressed on and although I encountered a few very difficult areas in the game , found that I had become a bit more used to the console and its controls . I decided to give Call of Duty another try.I was pleasantly surprised when I was able to not only get past the first few enemy encounters alive , but complete the first campaign without much trouble . So I decided to play on as this game had become interesting.First some details . Graphics are great . Some darker areas , but for the most part , very well done , and being a history buff specializing in Europe during this period , seemingly accurate . Sound effects are definitely realistic , and create a dark war/combat mood fitting for the game . Weapons are all correct for the period , and equipment is correct as well.Basic game play is not too difficult in that you can switch weapons very easily , you can use your sight very easily , and if your out of ammo , you can pick up more or swap weapons very easily . Targeting is not difficult , with the game showing a red reticle when your on target . The biggest beef I have with this game is when your on foot , and your moving yourself around the little joystick blindly moves you forward/backward litterally left/right . In other words if your walking straight using the joystick and come to a wall , if you move the joystick left and expect yourself to turn left , you do not . You continue facing the wall and just shuffling left . This is a stupid and difficult movement control set up . The character should actually turn in the direction your move the stick like any other game or like when using a real joystick on a PC . Instead you have to use the joystick to make movement only , and at the same time use the Triangle/Circle/Square / X button to turn left or right or look up or down . It just so happens that you use the upper right button to shoot , but if your making your way through a building where you have to use the joystick and turn buttons at the same time tying up both hands , and you walk into an enemy , you going to get shot before you can get into proper position , aim , and shoot . As I sad earlier , joystick should be for movement controlling including turning left and right . The Triangle and X buttons should be used to look up or down , and the X should be your fire button.You have the option of fighting as a Britt , or an American against German forces . At first you have a standard issue rifle , I believe an M16 Carbine or something . Your objective is to liberate a small town/village in Italy . A few light skirmishes and a run in with a Panzer are not too hard . The ending area is a central square with a few German Howitzer guns in it well manned . You take them and the Howie 's out and head to a bunker to use binoculars to pin point a Panzer division and call in coordinates to allow your airforce to take them out and achieve your objective and thus end the level . As you progress you will see pick up 's . Some will be ammo for guns you already have , others will be newer guns you can use , or swap for . You can also pick up grenades which are very helpful in taking out items like Howitzers.During your campaigns you are of course in a very realistic war zone . You have to think and play like your in real combat . You must conserve ammunition , you must stay low , and you must be accurate . At times , you also have to have bxxxs , and take some scary moves to advance . Your CO is always giving updates and on occasion an order . You have to pay attention and do what your ordered to do so you can advance . For example you may enter an area with some destroyed American vehicles , and your platoon is there surveying the wreckage when suddenly German re-enforcements arrive and start attacking . Your CO orders you to man a 50 caliber gun mounted on a damaged jeep . So you do that and start firing and keep taking out enemy attackers and their equipment . Until you obey orders you can not complete that objective . You can and will take hits . There are no health or medical kit pick ups in the game . As you take hits red appears around the perimeter of your vision . If you take too much injury your vision becomes tunnel vision , and you had better get out of there and take cover or you will become a casualty . You only need to take safe cover from further injury and wait for a short time , actually , unrealistically short , and your health restores and you can continue combat . As your playing you should be thinking about how scary this must have been in real history , and thank your lucky stars . In that sense I think the designers did a great job of replicating what it would be like to be in real combat.The only other issue I 'm going to touch on and beef about is save points . As you play through a campaign you must reach certain objectives along the way . As you reach those you get a little message letting you know objective achieved . However , if you die , you will be re-started at the last objective achieved which is good . But if you quit the game and go out of it , when you return you will have to start at the beginning of that campaign . I think they should let you pick up where you left off at the last objective achieved . Hence , make sure you have enough time to complete the whole campaign before you need to stop the game or you 'll lose all progress . There is NO manual save ability.Lastly , sometimes you 'll get into a campaign where you get to a certain area , and you have no idea what the objective is and how to get to it , and on occasion , I 'd find myself alone and not able to find my platoon . They moved on to the next objective and will wait for me , but it would be nice to have a clue as to where I need to go and what I might need to do . An example would be the second campaign is called Scavenger Hunt , and you need to make your way through some villages and capture a half track vehicle . You find out quickly that these machines are heavily armored and deadly . You can not take them out by gun fire or a frontal assult by grenades . I was lost and died several times as I ran out of ammo and German re-enforcements kept arriving . This is where you need to pay some attention to what the CO is yelling . As the half track arrives he yells that there is the half track lets go . But as your comrades start for it they are mowed down with machine gun fire and the CO yells to take cover its heavily armored we 'll need to take it by flanking it . It took a few dozen tries before it sunk in that flank is rear . So here is one of those spots where brass bxxxs are required . Once you take out a majority of enemy fighters , you take cover as close as you can to the area and then run and zig zag and get up behind the half track . Then you toss a grenade into the back and take out the operators . So it pays to know when its your turn to take/make a risky move , and you must learn to conserve ammo and weapons.Over all I 'm enjoying this game . I 'm not quite finished yet , and I already know each campaign gets tougher . If I can master the controls better I know I can beat this game , and so can you . If your already familiar with a console style controller , you should be able to play the game without difficulty . Its exciting , and its an adventure to a by gone era , no one wants to visit for real any time soon . Hopefully , it will make you realize how much any soldier sacrifices when they go to war . If you enjoy first person shooters , and like war themes , you 'll like this game and I would recommend it .
 ok , so i just got this game -LRB- the first day it came out -RRB- and i highly reccomend it for psp players and fans of the call of duty series . a word to encourage you to buy it
 this game is one of my best games on psp and its good because you can missions all over agian.graphics :4 / 5efects
 Call of Duty for the PSP it 's as good as the others plataforms of this game it 's great in graphics and sound .
 this game is part 3 but its easyer to play on psp then it is on ps2 so try it out
 this is an awsume game and anyone who likes the call of duty series will like if not love this game i have it and i have played it 7 times and its still great i highly recamend this game to any one who likes WWII
 Great entertainment for the child , who is still glued to the game screen . Recommend this title to other game enthusiasts or beginners .
 THIS game sounds extremeley fun and all i know is im going to own one !!!!!!! But im not sure if the graphics are good and if its to easy to beat :-LRB- . So if you read this and you think its good please awnser my question !!!!!!!!!!
 Call of Duty Roads to victory is awsome it brings almost everything that in on the console version to the PSP.Graphics
 This game has good gameplay and great graphics . You always know where to go and I love the airplane levels . There are plenty of pros , but the only con is the other players or soldiers in the game . They 'll wait by a doorway and as soon as you 're halfway through it they 'll rush through themselves , pushing you back in . If you are in cover -LRB- in their way -RRB- , they run through and push you out into the open . I died countless times in veteran -LRB- the hardest , most realistic mode -RRB- because of this . I would 've given it a full five stars in both ratings if not for this . It is still the greatest game I have played for psp , and I do n't regret buying it . It has incredible graphics -LRB- ie in `` Lucky Thirteen '' , two airplanes crash into each other right in front of the nose gun -RRB- . There is also no gore setting . No extra gore ? Whats up with that ?
 This is one of the first games that I have played on PSP that actually looks like the `` real '' version on other systems . Very good graphics and sound . The only draw back is the aiming is to easy and it makes you feel like your are cheating . Overall , It is still a great game !
 My nephew loves to play this game on the PlayStation 3 , so I decided to order him him his very own portable PSP along with this game . I was lucky to get it at such a great low price !
 We ordered this for our son . He 's old enough for this game system . So we got him a few games and he loves this game.We are very happy with our purchase thank you
 great product got it super fast was like new and worked perfect my son loved it for his christmas present / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
 This game was fun to play for psp . It is challenging and fun . It is one of the best games for psp . This is what my daughter said about the game . I brought it as a Christmas present for her . She was happy with the game . The game came brand new and was not messed up . My daughter said it is a great game for psp .
 Exactly as announced worked as expected , really good . The lenght of the cable and controller ports makes it very comfortable . Thanks !
 If you like comics and RPGs , this game is for you . Looks really good in HD and sounds great with Dolby Digital Surround.I like the way they give alittle backstory on each character and there are lots of hidden items and unlockable characters and costumes.Well worth the price of admission .
 I personally liked it . I 'm not that much of a die hard comic fan except when it comes to The Punisher -LRB- where was he by the way -RRB- but this game was very action packed and fun . It was very good for a 1st launch -LRB- keyword -RRB- game .
 This has got to be one of the best launch titles for the PS3 yet . The graphics are very nice -LRB- full 1080p ! -RRB- and the sound fits in well . If you liked any of the X-Men Legends games for the PS2 , then you 'll like this action/RPG . You take on the role of four superheroes of your choosing -LRB- from about 40 -RRB- , including many of the X-Men , Fantastic 4 , Spider Man , Captain America , etc. . Highly recommend it !
 The World 's largest army of Super Heroes is under your control . Assemble your ultimate four-member strike force from over 20 Marvel heroes . Become your favorite legends , then interact with more than 140 characters in this epic action-RPG . Since it 's on PS3 though , you get HD graphics in 1080p , sixaxsis wireless controller for dynamic gameplay , and 2 extra playable heroes . Innovative Combat . Determine the fate of the Marvel universe . Online Cooperative and Competitive modes . Do you need more ?
 That game look tight because of Spider-man , Captain America , Iron Man , Luke Cage , X-Men , Fantastic Four , etc. on that Marvel Game
 Marvel Ultimate Alliance lets you play with a team of your favorite superheroes . Choose from Wolverine , Spider-Man , Thing , Storm , and many others!You can sort of consider this a Diablo style game with a much more upbeat style . You are one of four characters on the screen at any time , and can quickly flip through them . You go through the rooms hacking , slashing , slashing , and then hacking some more . Along the way you grab colored orbs and glowing coins to help you level up your own character and unlock goodies.It 's disappointing that at the beginning your four starting characters are Spider-Man , Thor , Wolverine , and Captain America . As much as I like those guys , could n't ONE of them have been female ? Still , it 's only maybe 10 minutes later that you get to the `` team switching '' spot and can begin to design your own team . They 're not stingy with the characters . Right from this point you can immediately begin to use spider-woman , deadpool , iceman , colossus , elektra , human torch , iron man , thing , luke cage , invisible woman , storm , mr. fantastic , ms marvel , and moon knight . There 's also other unlockable characters that you can get as you go.Each character can be levelled up to gain new abilities and outfits . You can choose characters that `` traditionally '' -LRB- in comic book stories -RRB- work together , and they will actually know to do combos in gameplay.The characters personalities really shine through in the cut scenes . Wolverine is stand-offish and a bit arrogant . Spiderman cracks jokes the entire time . Captain America feels he 's in charge . I realize that it would be IMPOSSIBLE for them to have redone the cut scenes for every single combination of characters that you could have done ! So again , I wish they had a woman in the set :-RRB- Maybe kick out Spidey and his incessant comments ... The graphics are rather good , from the flickering flame to the shadows and reflections . This is n't a game of subtleties , though . No textured fabrics or flower petals here . Everything is shiney and plasticky.On the sound side , it 's a comic book adventure . You have incredibly cliched dialogue given by over-the-top voices , and lots of booming going on . It 's to be expected.The storyline is also a traditional comic book story but heck , we all grew up with them ! You 're saving the world . Depending on how well you play , you achieve that mission to different degrees . They did a great job getting you to replay it over and over again in order to unlock the best ending you can.I really give the game great kudos for their multiplayer and online options . If you 're playing at home , you can easily co-op in four people , one for each character , and go to town . There are n't many games where four people can easily have great fun playing together . For online , the same is true - you can really have a lot of fun conquering levels as a wide range of characters , interacting with players all over the world.This is n't a heavy thinking game , and it does n't involve complex concepts . Instead , it 's a game that adults can easily play with kids , and that can give you a few hours of fun relief from the real world . Well recommended !
 Hey , I admit , this may not be the game if you are looking to highlight the grand capabilities of your PS3 . But if you wan na have some good , old fashioned rock 'em , sock 'em with Spider Man , Captain America , Thor , and lots of other classic Marvel heroes , then this is the game for you . If you have played either of the X-Men legends games you get the idea of what this games ' set up is like . It is mission based as the heroes battle Doctor Doom and a legion of other villians.Don ' t get me wrong , the graphics are an upgrade from the X-Men Legends graphics , but do n't harness the full capaability of the PS3 , which I doubt we will see harnessed by any game until sometime next year.The story of the game is long and will provide hours of fun and entertainment . To be honest , I feel that some of the other reviewers here have been a bit harsh . Stop expecting too much , too soon from your PS3 . Better and better game will come , just as they did with PS2 , you just have to be patient and in the meantime , have some fun . Ultimate Alliance will provide you with that fun .
 Greatest Hits Version Anyone ? This Price is ridiculous . i do n't want to knock the game with a bad rating , but were talking about a 6yr . old game ! On a current gen console ! I get it ! people our going to buy this game . keep it in the shrink wrap . put it on a mantle , encase it in glass and just ... look at it , right ? Because what would be the point of playing it ? it 's a video game . C'Mon people , these are n't star wars action figures from the ' 80 's . Get Real !
 I really expected more out of a game featuring all my favorite Marvel superheroes , and was kind of disappointed . It 's fun to play through once , but aside from changes to background scenery , the action gets a little repetitive . Almost zero replay value , but decent graphics and game controls .
 You can turn off the Sixaxis tilt functions off in the menu options . So , instead of all that tilting junk , you just hit `` triangle , circle , etc. '' when prompted.Concerning the game itself . You control four superheroes . One yourself and the other 3 will autofight . You can switch between the four at anytime . Marvel Alliance is a good game . It is like an RPG with superheroes you can level , add add items to , and change outfits -LRB- each giving different bonuses -RRB- . This game is great . Although with Marvel Alliance 2 about to come out , this game 's price is about to plummet just like all predecessors of sequels . So , I would n't pay too much for it , anything under $ 20 is okay , because that is where it will wind up .
 I picked this up used for $ 15 and so far I 'm enjoying it more then the X-Men Legends games . There 's a lot of variety in the levels , enemies , and combos you string together so the button mashing does n't get old . Graphics look great in 1080p on my 42 '' LCD . Though on some levels I experience a lag in the frame rate . Also there 's absolutely no one playing online anymore . But it 's still a good game for under $ 20 . Especially if you 're into marvel comics .
 The only reason i bought this game was becuase of the X-Men Legends for PS2 . I Love this game and good for 4 players in co-op . I was on deployment and we had a blast when we were off of work . Since we have to share a TV between 20 of us , it is either this , X-men Legends or Madden . Just being able to play with 4 people and each person can pick ther favorite charachter is awesome !!! Anything under 4 stars is a garbage review .
 If you like Marvel heroes and enjoy beating up mindless henchmen , you will like this game . It 's not a very deep gameplay experience and tends to be a bit on the easy side , but it 's still fun , especially in multiplayer .
 I played this on the PC and once I had a PS3 I just had to get it again -LRB- especially since I have crated up my PC ... too many viruses and hardware issues -RRB- . MUA is EPIC and a great game . Graphics are actually quite good , even in 2011 . There are many cool heroes to choose from , although several really do not get their nice powers until lvl 20 . I played Cap and loved it . The uniforms are really cool and colorful , unlike MUA2 . This game is long , lasting 20 + hours or so , and fun throughout . I played this game at least a dozen times , and it still is fun !
 Great overall game . I really liked the story line . The game could have used a wider range of superheroes/supervillians .
 One of the greatest super hero games of all time . I know this review is late since the second one is out , but this game still kicks ass !!
 It 's great the first time but you can pass all the levels in just 2 days and the fun ends .
 `` Marvel
 My kids were looking for a PS3 game that 4 friends could all play at the same time at their sleepover . This was it . They love it .
 Kids very much loves this game ! Although I do n't see them play it today
 Bought this for the kids after they played it at a friend 's house . They love it ! It keeps them occupied for hours until I have to force them off of the game . There are lots of cool Marvel characters in this game .
 Graphics are great . game play is easy . story is fun . Great over all game .
 This is one awesome game where some of everyone 's favorite Marvel superheroes come together to save the day ! This one is probably my personal all time favorite Marvel game . I recommend it .
 Purchased as a gift for a big marvel fan . They loved it , and spent many hours playing it . Anyone will love this game .
 Product was shipped and recieved faster than expected , and it was as advertised . I am very satisfied with my purchase . Thank-you .
 If you like marvel comics and play video games than look no further . This game has over 20 + marvel characters to play from and many boss characters from the comics . The graphic are good for the PS3 and sound is excellent . The control are great too but I would turn off the motion control off -LRB- I do not like the PS3 six-axis -RRB- .
 The game was awesome and the replay value was great as well . I love it when a game adds extra after extra after extra . You can play with different characters in different costumes with different powers . It 's to play with the CPU allies but it is even more fun to get real people involved.I ca n't really think of any CONs .
 Huge marvel fan , and this game just blew my mind when I played it . Its wicked sick . I just wish the game was longer .
 ***** this product arrived without manual from Taiwan so I had to guess everything , oh yea sometimes the programming was in their language . That 's the only reason I rate it a 4 . ***** Other than that I set it up very fast , tried it out for about 1-2 days , did pick up really good signal and channels in many languages plus channels were very clear even in the car . The fact is that I have too many gadgets made me sell it later here on amazon . ***** Lots of features available on this unit as long as you have time for it and of course patience to figure it out .
 I bought this game for my two kids -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- and they love it !!! It 's very cute ! My girls just loved the hamsters Frankie and Bean !! The game is geared toward kids and easy to get around !! One of their favorites activites is playing Velly Balls ! There 's fun and interactive stuff everywhere throughout the game . It 's a great deal for the money and really creative . My girls just had lots of fun and really love this game !!
 I just picked this 2004 Gamecube title up tonight and I am impressed . The graphics are really good and the gore level is VERY high . As far as first person shooters go , Dredd is in the top 10 for Gamecube choices . I love the Call Of Duty series , but if you want some futuristic blood-letting , then Judge Dredd is the game to get . The arenas are HUGE and at times , beautiful . LOTS of textures and some cool voice acting help bring this game up above Red Faction II or Turok . Still not as amazing as Call Of Duty 2 or Medal Of Honor EU , but close . The game is worth 20 bucks , hands down . Besides , where else can you hunt down your friends and spill buckets of blood on a Nintendo made system ? It earns the M rating .
 I 've loved the concept of Judge Dredd for the longest time , and I think this game really masters what it is trying to be , a first person shooter based on a comic . It 's good mindless fun . .
 Is a game for experienced players because you have to do a lot of maneuvering but a great game for the gamecube and excellent load time .
 i first got a pc Windows 95 this was my first Game and loved it wish i could find it for buying agian
 Love this game . Best Dredd game to date . Bought it after watching the new movie , which was surprisingly good , and brought back memories of playing this . Great buy .
 I love this game , I have it for xbox and PC . It is dated , but your Judge Freaking Dredd . Blow them away or send them away . Also a good game is Robo COP . also dated , but thier is a lot of fun in the older games , I just finished The Thing , Star Trek Elite Force 1 and 2 , also great games . I know what your thinking , Crysis 2 is the bomb . But Dredd holds his own , and some times , its finding all the extra stuff in the games .
 If you do n't know superhero Dredd , his thing is he does n't just foil opponents . First he arrests them . Then he tries them . Then he convicts them . Then he executes them . All in about 10 seconds.This is droll . Is it satire of the right ? Or fodder for the right?Beats me . With this fine game you can try it from the Dredd perspective .
 This game , Judge Dredd , is one of the best FPS on Ps2 . The game is very detailed up to a point . The city is very detailed ! -LSB- for all those blood and gore fans , this one is super bloody !! -RSB- Multiplayer is really awsome ! Over 50 charaters to choose from!Great weapon and level designs . Bad thing is , ca n't ride any vehicles and story is weak through game play . Over all , the game is sweet . Great price , too !
 It 's an old game , but the game play is fun . Hell , your Judge Dredd for gods sake .
 This game is all about the multiplayer battles . They are completely awesome because you can have up to 12 AI Bots play in one arena . You can either have them on your team or fight against all of them . The first player story mode is not the best but i 've seen worse . All and all this was a great game to buy for only $ 20 . LONG LIVE THE FRAG FEST .
 This game is straight up awesome ! I highly recommend it to any fan of the series.The dialogue in this game will have you on the floor laughing . I 'm currently trying to get the Judge dredd ranking on all levels on hard mode.Epic game one of the best.But then again that 's just my opinion ... : -RRB-
 my son thought this is very cool he 's a big fan of judge dredd he would reccomend this to any fan or collector of the movies he gives this product thumbs up .
 First off , many people do n't like this game because the emulation is bad . Emulation ? Why do you need an old game to be perfectly emulated ? Okay , so the bleep sound was supposed to be a bloop . Does that make the game less fun ? I 've played many of the real Atari video game systems and yes , the games on here do differ , a lot in some games . What I look at is how good it is for what it is . Are the games fun ? Yes . Are the controllers good ? Yes . The controllers are better than the original pro-line controllers in my opinion and with hacking a Nintendo controller can be made to work with this . I understand people who are angry about spending the original price on this when it was new but I purchased mine for about 1/6 that . Warlords alone is worth how much these cost now . ^ - ^ Anywho , fun , emulation sucks , good value , ect ...
 Atari game was just as discribed.It got here on time . Was not as up to date as the new ones , but thats what old is . New modles have alot more games , but wernt available at the time .
 i found that when i got the product it was in excellent shape and i enjoy playing the games on it i would order from amazon.com again
 To see something with the name Atari attached to it after all these years left me wondering what I was actually getting . Connecting this up to your TV was fast and simple . The games are resonably easy to play and fun for a period of time . My nephews would enjoy this when they come to visit . Overall , a good product for the young , but for the older gamer it gets old pretty quick .
 The product was not for me , but for a customer who order it thru me . I hope the product is working fine .
 Of course you 're not eyeing this as the latest in graphics and technology . Rather , you 're looking at it for nostalgic or retro enjoyment . This was the case with my wife , who missed her old Atari from when she was a kid . So I decided to pick one up for her that we could relax to after the kids went to bed.Overall , it 's not a bad job . It features one previously unreleased game -LRB- which I feel ought to have remained unreleased -RRB- as well as nineteen of everyone 's favorites from the original Atari . Some of the games included are Breakout , Yar 's Revenge , Centipede and Millepede -LRB- I can understand one or the other , but were both of these really necessary ? -RRB- , Asteroids , Desert Falcon , Gravitar , Food Fight , Crystal Castle and a number of others.Like other retro-Atari products now being released , I find that games originally intended to be played with a paddle do n't play as well with a joystick . Additionally , and I do n't know how this was managed given how simple the programming in comparison to today 's games , but somehow Atari lost some of the original programming in transfering these games . So certain minor things -LRB- like sounds and other effects -RRB- are missing from the original.Take Asteroids for example -- in the original , the space ship would continue to drift after you released the thrusters . In this version , however , the ship just stops moving when you stop the thrusters . So expect some minor changes.One thing my wife and I did appreciate was the instruction book that refreshed our memory about the background of each games , as well as explained what each level means . Since a number of the games can be set to nine or ten different levels , each with its own subtle variations , you 're not left scratching your head . Of course the games are n't too difficult to figure out , but it is still nice to know what each mode adds or omits -- particularly if it activates the second player.Which brings me to another advantage this holds over most other retro-Atari products ; that is , the second joystick that allows two player options . A lot of these games really are n't that fun to play alone , or the novelty soon wears off when playing them alone.This system really fulfills its nostalgic and retro purposes because you can enjoy it with your friends , or alternatively cuddle up in bed or on the couch with your spouse and just enjoy an evening home . And this adds a lot to the fun of this project .
 This atari is n't really bad , but the atari flashback 2 is way better.The console is pretty and has some good games -LRB- e.g. centipede -RRB- , but desert falcon is HORRIBLE!Asteroids on the 40 's machines was much better.I like `` Centipede '' , `` Air-sea battle '' , `` Planet smashers '' , `` Sky diver '' , and `` Yars ' revenge '' . I do n't think some other games on this product `` made it '' . It is really cool though.I personally like it , but there are many people who might rather buy an `` Xbox360 '' . So , my final verdict is : If you like 40 's games , get this , or even better , get an Atari Flashback 2 .
 Well , I heard about this system , bought it , and one thing immediately came to mind . Why , if the wanted to market a classic Atari console , would they make it in the shell of a 7800 ? Not that it matters , but who acutally owns a 7800 ? Oh well . The games are fun , but the emulation of the sounds are not all there due to the use of a different chipset . I eventually got to the point where i became hooked on the games to the point that I Ebayed myself an actual 7800 Prosystem . I wound up paying about 10 times the -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars I spent on the Flashback . Classic gaming bang for the buck , you cant go wrong with this system . Combo it with a Flashback 2 , set it up , turn down the lights , and enjoy it all old school !
 I bought this for my boy for Xmas even after reading all the naysayers . It 's a good cheap atari substitue . Remeber it is atari ! The only way it could be better in my opinion is to buy the orginal thing .
 I 've compared this game to the original
 This is a very good interactive game about the OSU -LRB- GO BUCKS ! -RRB- and Michigan rivalry . The trivia game is waayyyy challenging on the harder levels , but clear and clever on the easy setting . Definately check out the Buckeye photos , there are some cool shots in there . The crossword puzzle is good -- very challenging -LRB- I 'm not too into crosswords -RRB- . The jersey game is pretty sweet , too . The matching game is very good -- you have to pay attention to the years on the jerseys.Overall , this is a very good trivia game . I 'm a big fan and I 'm stumped on the harder questions . I 'm going to learn a ton playing this .
 My dad is a total Buckeye 's fanatic . Has probably seen every game for the last 50 years . Cline Court shipped the product to us very quickly , well packed . The game installed easily and works great . Dad is really enjoying it . 5 different things that it will do and lots of trivia questions.My only suggestion for improvement would be to have the whole game enlarge when one clicks the maximize button . It is a tad small on the screen and needs to be bigger . It needs to scale for the new high resolution screen . I guess that it would work well if he plugged into a large screen TV .
 This certainly is n't the most exciting game I 've played . I had thought it rather simple , until last night when I was explaining it to my roommate who was amazed at the level of detail you could go to . -LRB- I do n't think he had ever seen any of the Sims games . -RRB- The game is one of strategy , and you 'll only enjoy it if you 're a medieval buff . In the most general terms , you must conquer all of the counties within a country and become King . There are two smaller kingdoms , and then you hit the real ones
 Lords of the Realm 2 is one of my favorite games of all time . It 's a economic development and army building/conquest game . You produce food , iron , wood , and stone . You build weapons . You set tax rates and build armies . You play against computer players with different skill levels and their own unique personalities . I think buying the Siege Pack is a must because it has additional maps and improved AI . There 's also an add-on program you can get on the web called Lordsedit.exe that allows you to change castles , change army size limits , and tax rates . Just search for the file name on Yahoo and you can find it .
 You may not be able to find a new copy anymore , but this one is worth hunting down . It 's definitely the best out of all of the Lord of the Realm games . It contains both turn-based and real-time strategy elements . The turn-based portions are very impressive , but the real-time elements are not . The game is extremely easy to learn but still strategic and you can become very comfortable with it in an hour 's time , so if you 're still trying to make sense of the `` Hearts of Iron '' player 's manual , this game is for you.In this game , you start with one territory and seek to take control of all of the others . You must allocate peasants to various tasks such as farming , ranching , mining , castle-building , and blacksmithing . You must also recruit soldiers from your peasant population and you have to equip them with weapons which can be either made or bought . You must also worry about the tax rate . Income is very important , but high taxes -LRB- along with disease and lack of food -RRB- make peasants unhappy and they may revolt . Revolts can be easily dealt with , so it 's usually beneficial to play with a heavy hand . You must also worry about diplomacy . It 's good to keep a few rivals happy and to be aggressive to a few others . However , you do n't get to fully control the diplomacy of the country since even rivals that you are good to are quick to backstab you . In addition to your rivals , you have to worry about other random events like droughts and disease . Overall , there are enough elements -LRB- this was a non-exhaustive list -RRB- to keep things strategic but not so much as to overwhelm the player and you 'll keep tweaking your strategy . Personally , I commonly destroy my enemies ' cattle and farmland and starve them to death , which makes taking over the county much easier , but it makes it harder to build it back up once you gain control of it.When two armies go into battle , it is done in real-time . You have the option to auto-calculate results but experienced players will have better outcomes if they handle the battle manually . Unfortunately , the battles are short , the tactics are very simple , and there are no `` races '' so you 'll be fighting very similar forces . Siege battles are kind of fun , but overall I was disappointed with the real-time elements due to the shortness of battles and lack of depth.One of the nicest things about this game is the user-interface during the turn-based portions . They give you slider controls to manage things and they also provide you with all of the relevant statistics that you need . The interface is extremely intuitive . As such , you can probably learn the game easily without even reading the manual.There are different difficulty settings , but I did n't find any of them too challenging . If you crank up the difficulty all of the way , you 'll be met with a decent challenge ; for expert players , the challenge may not be quite enough.Overall , it 's a very nice light strategy game . If the real-time elements had been more impressive , I would have given it five stars.Note
 This is an absolutely wonderful game that will provide hours and hours of enjoyment . It is challenging , and ever changing . I still play this after 15 years . It is never the same game twice and still has quite a following . However , it is important to note you will need to download a patch to play on VISTA that is available for free from squirtthecat.com . Once you do this , you will have no problems playing the game on VISTA platform .
 This is the best game ever!I have played it for thousands of hours , and to think , I bought it in 1996 ! I have purchased and played hundreds of games over the last 20 or so years and this is the best , of them all.It 's in-depth and complex game play more than make up for it 's ancient graphics.I would gladly pay $ 100 + for a graphics updated version of my favorite game of all time ! The $ 20 I spent on the original has paid for thousands and thousands of hours of entertainment , I played it yesterday ! IN 2008 !!! This game is 12yrs old and still rocks the house ... LOTR 3 , which I was excited about for years and bought in advance , was terrible .
 This was one of the first games I really loved -LRB- along with Master of Orion and X-COM -RRB- . It 's graphics were pretty good at the time , but it 's turnbased gameplay was very addicting . I never finished the game back when I was in college , but I will buy a copy now and try to get through it in 2006 . Should be quite nostalgic !
 The various songs that play in the background are catchy , the graphics are 1996 great , and it is , as many have said , a very addictive game . The game has numerous indirect educational benefits . Gamers have to balance a county happiness , with taxes , raising armies , allocating labor , buying and selling weapons - the game especially emphasizing opportunity costs -LRB- again , indirectly -RRB- while also being very amusing and , pretty easy once you pick it up . To this day , it is still my favorite game .
 This may be the ultimate classic of its type . Any history of gamimg would have to give considerable prominence to this game . I have not played it in several years but I remember it with great affection . It dates from when Sierra was still producing memorable games . LotR III marks the point where Sierra began producing garbage . Avoid it.If your computer will handle LotR2 , buy it . It 's not up to modern standards of graphics and complexity but you will not find more fun anywhere .
 First off , let me just say that this is really great game . An original , fun , addictive , realistic , and stylish masterpiece . The graphics are a little bit outdated , but they were cutting-edge for their time and are still cool to look at . The gameplay combines real-time strategy battle action -LRB- a la warcraft -RRB- with management-style strategy -LRB- counties , army movements , castle building , farming and resource management , along with population and happiness -RRB- . Both sides of the game are very enjoyable -LRB- although the AI and control of the RTS side could use some improvement . but it 's still fun -RRB- . What makes this game stand out most , however , is its atmosphere & setting . It is very original and unique , in that , despite its ' medieval setting , it is very realistic , and you truly feel like you are a noble back in the 1200s . This is my favorite aspect of this game -LRB- an aspect that they obliterated in the sequel , sadly -RRB- - I am not one who shys away from historically-based games -LRB- like assasin 's creed , and this -RRB- , and this one captures that era masterfully . The european-medieval music that accompanies you in the background is some of my favorite videogame music to date . This is the game 's intro , which should give you an idea of both the graphics and the feel and style of the game :[ ... -RSB- -LSB- edit -RSB- - Ok , I guess you ca n't put links in amazon reviews . If you want to see it go to youtube and search for lords of the realm II intro.So , just like starcraft , the fact that this game is old should n't deter you at all from buying and enjoying it . If you love medieval-related stuff , strategy games , management games , or just plain having fun , you should go get this .
 This game is light years behind the games today , but when it was released , it was pretty good . It is still a fun game to play if you like a risk type game of attacking and defending castles . The graphics are pretty plain , but the gameplay is still addicting . The seige pack expansion is also a must . The $ 30 people are charging for this game alone is too much , for the game and expansion , you should pay no more than $ 20 total .
 This is a pretty good strategy game , with only one problem when you learn it 's tricks , it gets too easy . However , I still play it.I bought Lords Of The Realm 3 hopeing it would be an improvement , but it was a dud sequel ! Too much emphasis on graphics . Boreing as hellFrank Brown
 I love this game . It has a lot of limitations , and has some interesting quirks when it comes to running it on newer platforms , but there still is not a good replacement.Microsoft tried to develop some competition for LOR2 , but it did n't work . MS castle sims -LRB- Empire series -RRB- was eloquent and had a great set of graphics and play construct , but in the end , its always the musketeers and cannons that win . Predictable . LOR2 on the other hand , for all its basic design and limitations of the day , is a far superior game.Some games are timeless like chess , and some are not . LOR2 , is . Now will someone make an up-to-date castle sim that has a comprehensive set of controls and universal context keys ??????? I 'm tired of playing decades old games to get that fix !!!
 This it the best game of the time . I love it sooooo much that I still play it for hours at night . You are in 1267AD and the king is dead and you are a noble who is trying to work your way to become king . You govern lands , people , food , fields , mining , wood , black smith , and other many strategics . A lot of game replay , good amount of game too play not too short , Custom games you can create . Their are a few tricks , to this game that really help . If you do n't want to know do n't read on , but if you do please do and let me know . First food very important take a lot of people to harvest and invest in . Get rid of all cows and go grain . Turn your feeding to triple feed , but adjust actual feed between grains and cows till you get the lowest consumption of food that will say `` attempt '' on top triple , then bottom `` actual '' normal , if you do this right , you will use less than half the food which will give you more people to invest in castle building , armies and weapons . A second big tip is when you first start give all your enemies a compliment message , this is so that they will choose to attack you last , when all land is taken and will give you time to build armies and get other lands . Third build armies FAST , and in the first turn if you can . Never build any armies that do n't have weapons , peasants are worthless and die easy If you can conquer more land right away you will have the most advantage even if your peoples happiness is down . Biggest thing is to always save , save , save . This is so when you end a turn and the computer generator destroys a field you can reload and keep reloading till it does n't and all your fields are safe . Also if it keeps destroying a field , it usually the same field , you can turn that field into cow graising , though you do n't have any cows and it will mess it up so that when you end turn it wont destroy it with heat or flood . Also when you battle few tricks , whether enemy 's or county . Save the battle auto calp the battle , sometimes you can do better and sometimes the auto battles will let you win , better , you must scrape every resource you can , it 's the only way to get ahead . Also get mace or horse men , and move them around the field , just out of your enemies bows men , when they start moving their men attack the bows , even sacrifice if you can , destroy the archers and you weaken them greatly , also you can use your archers to attack right out of range and kill some of their men , move them when your enemies starts to attack you , then move them back when they reposition .
 We received this game promptly and it was in great condition . Only worked on older computers though
 This game is from a different generation of games , and in my opinion , better than most out today . The graphics are simple but good , and its can be more challenging than some of todays games .
 This is completely and honestly the BEST street racing game ever . I would rather play it than even Need For Speed Most Wanted . It combines real time driving physics with truly unlimited car customaization . I ca n't get over how many different paint jobs you can achieve.Pros ... Great GraphicsAwesomely UNLIMITED customizationReal Driving Physics that change with each carGood Soundtrack -LRB- though it is mostly RAP and Hard Rock -RRB- You can hire other drivers to be in your crewPink SlipsMUSCLE CARSCons ... Hard , and I mean HARDPink slips are Very HardYou can NOT quit a race or you automatically lose your betted money , your car in a pink slip , and respect from other drivers.DO NOT enter a pink slip if you can not win or are unsure if you will winOther than the difficulty and the way you ca n't restart a race It is an EXTREMELLY solid and well wrought game . If you like racing games such as Need for Speed and Project Gotham Racing , You must get this game no questions asked . Especially since it is only like 15 bucks.Ratings.Graphics
 I HAD NEVER HEARD OF THIS GAME BUT WHEN I BROWSED FOR GAMES AND FOUND IT I WAS REALLY WONDERING AS TO WHY THIS GAME DID N'T GET AS MUCH PLAY AS OTHER GAMES IN IT 'S GENRE . WELL THIS GAME HAS ALOT OF OTHER GAMES MIXED INTO ONE , IT IS EXCITING AND A WHOLE LOT OF FUN , IT MAKES YOU USE YOU MIND AS WELL AS YOU HANDS . THIS IS A GREAT GAME I WANT TO GIVE IT TEN STARS .
 I love playing the master of orion series of games . I have played each generation of them as they were released . Each generation got more involved and more detailed . In MOO3 , you can micro manage all aspects of the game , or design your own AI to manage your planets for you . However , there is currently a major problem with aquiring a version of the game that is compatable with the patches written for the original code and without the patches , not even I will play the game . The spreadsheets and data tables for the various weapons are not balanced properly . Especially the missiles . In version 1.0 , the standard release version , a few missiles will devestate any armada . Very over powered . In version 1.2 -LRB- also called v1 .02 -RRB- all of these issues are fixed . And in version 1.25 it is taken a step further to improve the games UI and make it easier for the player to manage their planets . I know of NO ONE that currently sells a version of the game that is compatible with the patches . If you did not buy or do not own an ORIGINAL box set that was available for retail ON STORE SHELVES when the game was first released , then to the best of my knowledge it is impossible to play a patched version of the game . I have tried to patch the download version . It do n't work . I have purchased and tried to patch the atari version of install disks as well as the infrogames version from Galactic and neither one of them will launch a patched version of the game either . So far , for me , ONLY my original play disk purchased retail at the time of release will launch a pathced version of the game . That includes any MOD versions of the game as well . For instance , one of my favorite mods , v1 .32 , unlocks alot of game code that was included in the original game data but not usable or accessable in game . Hidden content so to speak , as well as unlocks the game cheats . I for one , am not wasting any more money on any second hand retail sellers of this game claiming to be selling NEW original disks for this game when they are not . Because if they were , they would launch the game with the patches applied like MY original does . How do I rate version 1.0 of the game ? ZERO stars . How do I rate version 1.25 of the game ? 4 stars . But I give version 1.32 of the game 5 stars .
 if you have a couple months of your life to kill buy this game , the most in-dept civilization game I 've ever played . I recommend the second one less dept but much quicker game play .
 I have played this game non-stop for 3 years now and still can not get enough of it . While the Orignal version and the patches fix a few problems what really has made this game so great is the community made fixes and mods found at The Master of Orion 3 Guardian web site -LRB- http://www.moo3.at/ -RRB- . If you dont own this game get it while it is cheap because in a few years this game is going to be hard to come by .
 This is quite possibly the most insane game you will ever play on any game console . Use your buckets to catch the bombs . Simple , you say ? You wo n't be saying that when the Mad Bomber starts dropping those bombs at an ever increasing rate -LRB- not just in numbers , but also in speed -RRB- . You have to have excellent reflexes if you want to score big .
 This has got to be one of the best games for the Atari 2600 , but make sure you have the paddle controller or you 're not going to be able to move . That being said this has been one of my favorite games for the Atari since I was a kid . It require some quick reflexes but playing against a friend can be a great time , and by yourself it will keep you playing trying to top your best score . Such a simple game but it will grab a hold of you and you wont wan na put the paddle down . Definitely one of Activision 's all time bests , the `` Mad Bomber '' will have to blow the paddle out of your hands .
 I was in my 20 's and I owned a child care and had 2 kids of my own . All the kids and I loved this game . In the evenings if I had a little time to myself , I would play the game . It was so much fun . The bombs drop and you have to catch them in three buckets that were stacked up . If I remember correctly , it seemed easier to catch the bombs when you would lose one bucket . The game would speed up to a point and the bombs dropped in a pattern and once you got the hang of it , you could go on playing for what seemed like forever . We wore out several sets of paddles with this game . I got this for my 11 year old grand daughter and she seems to like playing it a lot . That 's good considering we also got the XBox 360 Kinect at the same time .
 A great game from the atari Age , very fun to have if you have a Atari 2600 or a 7800 ! '
 The Incredible Crash Dummies is one of the most bizarre games I 've ever played . You are a crash dummy and you to go through many platforming missions and to stop some evil villains -LRB- Gee , what a surprise -RRB- . So you go through many missions of platforming , and you die when you lose all your limbs . But you can fight back by throwing wrenches . You have to avoid being killed off by other crash dummies because they 'll run you over , throw toy planes at you , and do so many bizarre things . This game is undoubtedly flawed because of an improper save mechanic -LRB- When you die you start from the beginning of the stage -RRB- , and some sticky platforming sequences will frustrate you from time to time . This is yet another little unknown gem for my Super Nintendo , and if you like out of the ordinary platforming games this one is definitely for you .
 i bought this game for my 5 year old hes now 7 and still plays it its a win win situation kid gets his games and learn at the same time love it .
 Well I 'm not about to give you guys some crap story or anything . To get you to or not to buy it . I 'm just gon na come out with it . I 'm also just a 15 year old kid that 's gon na give you the truth . Overall , Genji
 Excellent game , just a tad too short . It could 've been a couple of hours longer , but it certainly ends before it gets repetitive .
 This game called Ganji is so fun that a spent almost half of my summer vocation on it . Even though I have played it before , it still beats most of the ps3 games . Not because it 's graphic , but it 's system and nice story .
 I absoulutly loved this game . Playing through it twice , I could get things I did n't before ... like a weapons list so that I could acctually look for more weapons/armor/accessories . The Graphics were smooth , the fighting was complicated at first , but once you develope a sense of when , where and how to strike ; you can definatly get a good reception from the game . All those times you use Kamui , defecting arrows / magical blasts , you can just wait for the right moments to deflect them , which I do most of the time , which makes me feel like `` I have Kung Fu . '' Also , the music was inspiringly beautiful , and the ending song , `` Tsuki Wo Nusumu '' by Hajime Chitose is a beutiful song , even though I ca n't understand a single word of it . Genji
 Nice to pick up if you 're into the the shogun gaming style . Beautiful backgrounds and fantastic music . First of the series so it 's a classic .
 The overall game was decent . It had great graphics , some things could only be obtained by using one character then switching off to the other , awesome music , and an interesting storyline . The only downside I could find was that the game was too short .
 I bought this game right when it came out , and to be honest - the $ 60 price tag was fine with me . I loved it THAT MUCH . It is very short , but I loved it so much ! The motions were very stimulating and beautiful -LRB- it 's hard to keep my attention with games anymore -RRB- .
 When I first played this game , I thought that it was really fun . I enjoyed that the game was entirely in Japanese . It gave me the feeling that the setting really was in feudal Japan . I enjoy hack and slash genres such as Ninja Gaiden and God of War , but Genji is n't the creme de la creme . It 's a ten hour SPC. The final boss was silly , although I was severely underleveled when encountering him.After experiencing the godly graphics in greats such as Metal Gear Solid 4 on the PS3 , it made me realize how elementary the graphics were in this game . The CGI cutscene graphics were not totally up to par , but in-game graphics lack facial expression and detail which could be appreciated . When Yoshitune or Benkei or anyone for that matter , talked in the game , it was just a bunch of moving mouths , no facial animation whatsoever . That watered down the emotions of the character . Voice-overs alone ca n't create the believability that the protagonist is feeling some emotion . But I realize this game came out on the PS2 ... so not much I could say there.All in all , it 's a creative game , tied in with bits of Japanese culture , of course . I enjoyed it . I bought this game after I found out that it kept on freezing on my PS3 . I guess the BC would n't work , so I 'm currently playing it on my ancient PS2 out of pure time-killing . It 's Final Fantasy 13 after this one .
 if you like dynasty warriors you 'll like this game ! this is a button smasher game but sort of solving puzzle game , the background is beautiful and the gameplay is fun ! you upgrade weapons , gain expereince points , etc. but what its lacking is its length and at times it can get repetitive since you have to go back to the same levels . it took me about 2 days to beat this game , and i would not play it all day i would play maybe 5 hours in those 2 days ! it was really short but if you can handle that then get genji .
 Genji takes the standard slashing game formula and adds to it with special `` Kumai '' attacks . In these special attacks , the player can slow time to unleash devistating counter attacks against enemies.The game is fun , with intuitive play control and wonderful graphics . Some of the bosses are inordinately difficult in comparison to the standard enemies.The game is also short though , and left me wanting a longer scenario . After beating the game , some extra challenges are unlocked . The extra challenges are not spectacular enough to keep replay value high.This game is worth picking up for the low cost . It should keep a gamer entertained for several days if not a few weeks .
 A fast paced game that has a lot of play time , plus I love these types of games . They are still putting our awesome PS games .
 Genji is a fantastic game , pros
 I have to admit , I was looking forward to this game over a year ago when the first screen shots and trailers came out . And after buying it and playing it through , this Genji did n't disappoint in the slightest.First of all , the game looks and sounds fantastic . One of the best games graphically for the PS2 . Despite tepid reviews , the action comes pretty fast and furious , despite the ability to pull a Kamui , or slow down time to quickly dispatch your opponent . This is a very cool effect and it does n't get old . It also helps to practice it as much as possible , because once difficult mode is unlocked , its the only way to survive in absence of levelling up and finding health items.Speaking of difficult mode , the game has tons of replay value , contrary to what has been mentioned . The RPG elements allow you to search for hard to find weapons and armor in continuous mode , and difficult mode is a real challenge . Mastery of Kamui and Mind 's Eye techiniques are a must if you want to survive and finish the game in this mode.I have to say that my favorite thing about this game is its almost straight action , with some RPG elements to give replay value . There is n't alot of backtracking to add length to the game , not alot of platforming , or puzzles to drive you nuts . So if your into action , or just love Samurai , give Genji a try . You wo n't regret it .
 `` Genji
 This is an excellent game that captures the feel of the samurai very well . It is also the most graphically beautiful game yet on the ps2 . Although the lack of Widescreen support is what lets it down . You see the whole game is with Japanese voices witch is great , although if you have a widescreen tv the subtitles will be cut off unless you watch it squashed , this is lazy from the developers , they could have added 16:9 and 480p easily.The cut scenes are plentiful and very well done , the music is perfect and captures the feel of every scene and mood . Also despite what some people might think this game is n't that short as there are extras after you complete the game much like Onimusha.The gameplay while not greatly detailed is fun especially the counter hits where you have to press the attack button when you are just about to be struck . You can also shop for weapons and armour and build up your character with exp and levelling.A worthy purchase and head and shoulders over poorly made garbage like MK Shaolin Monks .
 Bottom line
 I was ready to give this game the highest rating , but it has one glaring flaw that I just ca n't ignore . And that flaw is its length . Up until I finished the game , I was completely baffled by the mediocre scores it received from the media.There are a couple of things that make Genji a very unique game :1 - It 's extremely well presented . It 's obvious that a great deal of polish and care were put into the games presentation - from the menus , to the sound design , to the architecture of the buildings ... all top quality .2 - This game is just dripping with atmosphere . Often it is dark , but it 's not overt , like say , a Resident Evil . It 's not meant to terrify . But it does have a dark , mystical quality that is rare , if not nonexistent , in most games .3 - This game is constantly putting you up against bosses . I do n't think I 've ever played an adventure game where I had to fight bosses so often . I supposes they wanted to pack as much action into the game as possible .4 - On a similar note , I do n't think I 've ever played a game where I was able to upgrade my weapons and armor so frequently . This is neither a negative or a positive . Frankly it was just kind of odd =-RRB- . Once you get used to a cool new weapon , the game shoves another , more powerful weapon in your face.But getting back to the length . You know , when all is said and done , not every game has to be some super long , epic adventure . But the problem goes deeper than just the length . Truth is , there just are n't that many environments in this game . If the length remained the same , but there were many , varied environments , IMO , the game would be close to perfection.All in all though , a great game.And 1 last thing I forgot to mention . I found the combat to be quite enjoyable.A great accomplishment especially considering there is no lock-on targeting .
 I 've played the onimusha series for a while now , i thought i 'll never see a samurai series that looked so good and so great , but thanks God i was wrong , if you like samurais and katana and wakisashi fighting , this is your game , it 's the answer from sony to capcom , we can do it too . Great Graphics , incredible sound , amazing scenarios , this is just the game of hack and slash that you 've been looking for . Simply one of the best
 i recently bougth genji right here off of amazon . i was mostly just looking for a cheap game to pass a few hours . i had remembered seeing genji months before at gamestop or eb games as a new release but it didnt catch my eye at the time . before i got genji i read a few reviews , and checked up on the ratings it got , on average it got a soso score . however w / players it seemed to be highly rated so i chanced it . and wow ... . the storyline presentation was like a fresh kick to the eyeballs , the gameplay graphics r a bit better than ps2 average . the controlls were seamless and slick i felt like i had utter control over any situation . kamui was perfect . if i didnt feel like hacking thru 7 guys i could just get things moving thru kamui , it slows down time slightly and issues a challenge to all enemies ur fighting then they either take turns going after u or they all try to get u at once while u deliver killing blows . ive played thru 6 or 7 times now n still going . in fact i have only one complaint about it , i just wish there was a bit more to do , as far as sidequesting that is , if u can even consider that a real complaint . definitly one of my top favs now . dont miss it
 This might be my favorite game on the PS2 . It has a great feel to it . The best games are ones that allow you to improve at a skill as you progress through the game . It 's not just about collecting a better weapon or a better set of armor ... which this game has plenty of . But , it 's about improving your own skill in the game , your reflexes or observational skills.Oddly enough , I actually learned something spiritual near the end of the game . Since this game was able to touch me in an emotional and spiritual way , it has definitely earned 5 stars , at least in my book .
 I give this game 5 stars because the graphics are amazing ! However the story line is too short . i still think it is one of the best hack and slash games out there and definetly worth the money .
 I would totally recommend this game to any of those PS2 Asian Fantasy lovers out there ... it 's a great game , I 'd have to admit it , this is better then Onimusha , the storyline , the scenery , the characters , the weapons throughout out Genji were great , detailed , and marvelous just as I wanted it . Onimusha does not have beautiful scenery like Genji , but Both are great games !
 It 's a good videogame , but if you play it without know the background -LRB- original SiN -RRB- of the game , you will be a bite disorientated , graphics and AI 's game are great , I pity that only Ritual Entertainment developed one of the episodes , in its original plan SiN Episodes were 9 of them , at the end of the game you will see the preview of the second Episode that ritual never realize .
 The graphics are awesome . I thought I was playing Half Life 2 . The game play is easy and unpredictable . I highly recommend it .
 I really ca n't believe how much fun was packed into this game . Considering the average length -LRB- playtime -RRB- of shooters these days , this game is a steal . Looking for a fun few weeks of fun -LRB- considering the addictive arena mode -RRB- without spending full price , this game is a great deal !
 My wifes brother recommended this game for my daughter who is 5 and I to play together . I have to say that for a kid to be able to play and understand everything by themselves they would most likely have to be around 9 or 10 since their is a lot of reading and map following , but we were looking for a game to play together so this one is great . The graphics have a good clean look to them and the worlds are fun to explore around and see whats around ever corner . I would say its the first game of this type that I have played . Its like exploring the kind of world any child would want to live in with caves , mountians , forests , castles and sewers . We havent beaat it yet but the two of us have had great fun so far .
 My son and I are having a really good time playing this game . It 's really really long , and not too hard or frustrating so my 7 year old can have fun with it ! I like the fact that it encourages reading skills , I also like the fact that good guys are good , and bad guys are bad ! it reinforces right from wrong!The graphics are pretty and the music is great ! In an age where games are getting increasingly more and more violent and and geared for teenage boys , it is a refreshing change to play a game that is really fun for kids . I have to admit I am having fun playing it too ! My son likes to solve the puzzles and do the quests , and he likes me to help him with the fighting in the dungeon areas , so we switch off!I also like the fact that the game has a strong girl character , that seems to be pretty rare in games now days -LRB- since most games are designed for teenage boys -RRB- and I think that will make this game appealing to girls as well as boys.Over all this game is good wholesome family entertainment that I would recommend for anyone who likes to play games with their kids !
 I recently bought this game for my son , he just turned 9 . I would have to say its hard for him to stop playing it , i have played along with him , and i am amazed by this game . It has such good morals , and the graphics are amazing ! I would highly suggest this for anyone who want there kids to play a quality game .
 I bought the darkest faerie about two or three days after it was released and my mother and I are still playing it . The graphics are so cool . The controls on PS2 are easy to learn and get familiar with.You start out with one character , Tormund , and later on in Act 2 you play Roberta , but the best part is when they get together in Act 3 . There are so many items you can gain through treasures and quests.I find the traveling from one place to another somewhat tedious , but I guess it 's better than zapping from one place instantly . It gives you a more real time sort of feeling , having to roam a large mapped area , and trying to stay oriented with what direction you are headed can be challenging.The petpets are useful when kept fed . I particularly liked the cute little Noil 's . But I think the Turmac is the most useful , as it increases both health and magic , and boosts attack and defense . It is just difficult to keep it fed , as it likes to run around a lot.The sword fighting in the game is not just hack and slash . There are different swings depending on the speed of button pressing , or rotating of the joystick . The magic wand is good for long range attacks . Magic is a key to defeating types of monsters , using motes that vary your attacks . One astounding game . Is good for ages 10 and up.So far there is no player 's guide for it -LRB- There is a map inside the game package -RRB- , but there are helpful people on the message boards at -LSB- ... -RSB- who can answer any questions you might have . I found that very useful to overcome puzzles that eventually stumped me . It 's a fun game , and yes I 'd give it an educational rating for its map reading and puzzle solving skills . It 's about as durable as any CD is and should be taken care of . I wo n't give it a 5 , but more of a 4.5 , something rather close .
 My son saw this game advertised on Nickelodeon and we purchased it for his 11th birthday . He just finished the game yesterday and loved every minute of it ! I would highly recommend it as a parent who is tired of buying expensive games just to have them played for a couple of hours and stuck back on the shelf . He could n't wait to get to his `` game time '' every day to play this game . The graphics are wonderful , the morals are great for a game these days , and we all enjoyed watching him play and the little `` movies '' played in between quests . Definately not a waste of money !
 I 've been playing Neopets
 This game has awesome graphics , an awesome storyline and awesome gameplay . if you are a neopets fan , buy it !!!
 I am a huge neopets fan , although i have only been playing neopets online for about one year . I have heard about this game before i got it , because i just got a ps2 for christmas 5 days ago . So , i havent been playing for long , but this game is GREAT ! I am a person who likes long adventure sagas with an unlikely hero in them , so if you are like me GET THIS GAME ! It is only a 1 player game , but it still very fun ! Heres a tip if you buy this game
 I 'm a 37 yr . old mother of two -LRB- 16,15 -RRB- and I 'm here to say that the crew at Neopets has my Thanks , I got this game for myself because I love the web site , and have been playing for 4 yrs . just like my husband and both my kids . We all play the game now , we love the graphics and the story line , and the entire concept of good values , which is what our society lacks today . So from the bottom of my heart Thank You for keepping it CLEAN and FUN .
 i got the game for christmas and have n't been able to put it down ! I really like roberta ! Finally a cool girl character ! :-RRB- my parents like it because of the e rating.my friend alyssa and i spent almost our entire break playing . Buy this game !!! you wo n't be disappointed!judy s.
 I am a neopets fan . I have been playing Neopets for 5 years . Now this guy errm I think his name is Kid 's reveiw what 's up with the 1 star then 5 star rating . What r u Jekyll and Hyde . I may not have gotten the game yet here in England but u dont have 2 bite the cookie to know it 's sweet . When it comes to England it will totally rule . And if not I 'll buy it off the internet . Keep the reviews to reveiws Kid 's reveiw and stop hating on Neopets . -LRB- P.S I know how ironic it is 4 me to come on here and display my own veiws in a way to keep reveiw 's as only reviews and not some personal chatboard -RRB-
 This is so far the only Neopets game . This game has great 3D graphics . Switch between Tor -LRB- Tormund -RRB- and Roberta . I love this game . I reccomend you buy it .
 The game is a lot different from the website , but it 's still great . Do NOT listen to this Billy person and his sick , fake little friends . He is just a first grader who thought the game was too hard so he got mad and started trouble . I mean honestly , no one over age eight could write that badly.The graphics are great , the game is fun too . Even if you are not a Neopets fan , you would still love this game . -LRB- By the way , no one would admire someone like Billy 's friends claim they do , it is one person . A snobby person with an unnaturally large ego in fact -RRB-
 You have to buy this game!I 'm on act three and there are four cool acts and colorful characters!It gives you a great view , too!Neopets comes to life in this great video game.I think all your $ is worth spending for this video game ! Overall , I think thisis the best video game ever.Well , that 's my opinion .
 So Billy hows it going ? Your lies coming along well ? Your spelling mistakes are so obvious . I mean come on , `` relly '' ? Everybody knows you only use that like , never ! It 's not even a word ! Oh and by the way , how are Timmy and James ? Getting any more real ? Yeah did n't think so . You know I doubt you even know HOW to type . I bet you have your mom type it and tell her to misspell the words . Oh right ! You do n't even have a computer ! My bad . So tell me how are those spelling lessons coming along ? Oh you failed already ? Wow I thought you would be kicked out the first day because of your `` issues '' . Like not knowing how to spell ` stupid ' -LRB- as you are . -RRB- I mean it 's time to face the facts.Your issues :1 . YOUR SPELLING SUCKS2 . YOUR `` 14 `` 3 . YOU HAVE GIRLFRIENDS4 . YOU DONT PLAY GTA5 . YOUR FRIENDS DONT WORSHIP YOU AS THEY SAY6 . PLUS THAT THEY DONT EXIST7 . IN FACT THEY ARE YOU WITH FAKE IDENTITIES9 . YOU HAVE MAJOR MAJOR BRAGGIN ISSUES -LRB- IF YOU HAD ANYTHING TO BRAG ABOUT -RRB- 10 . EVERYBODY HATES YOUEct . -LRB- as if you knew what that abbreviation/word meant -RRB- So I really hope you 've considered the facts . - The Teens
 the game was in great quality , came within 4 days of order , nice clean sealed with booklet , good buy for your money
 I loved this when i was a kid and eventually sold it at a garage sale ... after playing fable and other similar RPGs i realized that this game was just the same just a little older and more `` Disney , '' if you may . now i 'm a college art student and have fallen in love with the game once more and can still find myself challenged and having fun . buy and enjoy , it stands the test of time .
 The game is so fun and I would say any age would love to play it its a fun relaxing game
 This is a pretty fun game if you like to whack bushes for money -LRB- not the president sorry -RRB- and plants for food or magic . Once in a while you 'll whack enemies or just run away from them . Right now you can buy this game for a cheap price . This game takes a long time to beat . I probably spent over 50 hours playing this game , but I did n't know what to do sometimes . Sometimes I would get frustrated going back and forth . There was this one puzzle that was hard to figure out that I almost stop playing . Getting help online might be helpful . The music is average , but the graphics are good . You can take care of pets , but they eat your food , which gives you health . The pets have supernatural magic abilities to make you luckier or increase your magic , etc. . I found that the lion pet was the most helpful pet , because it did n't run away when you wanted to feed them it slowly increased your health over time . I ca n't beat the final boss though . You have to learn this special move to beat her and I do n't think I ever been able to do it in battle or practice .
 I would just like to write another note on this so-called Billy Henderson . For one thing , Billy claims to have downloaded the game off the Internet , which I do n't believe is possible . Also , how could atleast ten `` other people '' see Billy playing this game on the computers ? And I doubt that `` James '' really beat this game in fifty minutes - if so , atleast it was n't five ! And when `` Timmy '' says , in his terrible grammer , `` Hey you little kids stop writeing reviews about ... '' and so on and so , it makes me wonder how old Billy is , because it 's pretty childish of him to go onto to the computer , whine about a game , brag about his popularity , and make up fake identities just so he can pretend he has a girlfriend and a bunch of friends who worship him . So , that 's just all I want to say.P.S . I want this game !
 We all enjoy this game . My kids are 8 and 10 and serious Neopet fans . Even if you are not , the game is interesting , fun to play and requires some problem solving and planning to get through the levels . Sometimes we all get into it to figure it out !
 I 'm not really a fan of neopets itself , but my sisters had this game and it was the only one I had n't played.I tried it and ended up playing it for 8 hours straight.The graphics are more awesome than I expected and the gameplay was more simple than the instruction booklet made it seem . The instruction booklet looked a little daunting at first because it seemed so thick compared to most games . I skimmed through it so that I would know where things were if I needed help with those particular areas , and jumped right into the game without actually reading it . The game is pretty self-explanatory in most parts , though the map could be labelled better in some parts of the game -LRB- like inside the castle -RRB- I especially liked the small ` quests ' within the game which needed to be completed to advance . I also love the battles in Meridell.If you have played and liked Neoquest and Neoquest II on Neo 's site ... you are going to love this game : -RRB-
 This game rocks !! if you buy it you wont be dissapointed !!! i got it for christmas and i played almost the whole rest of christmas break !!! sometimes i get stuck , but i figure it out and keep on playing !!! this is definitely appropriate for all ages and its the best game for playstation 2 , or at least i think so !!!
 I love this game . My dad and I have been playing it and we are having lots of fun . The worlds are so big and you can go anywhere you want . There are lots of items and upgrades that you can get . Meridell castle is awesome ! Its just fun to run around and do quests and fight evil enemies .
 This game is great for casual to intermediate gamers , though I 'm sure ANY fan of neopets would enjoy the beautiful landscape , simple operations , and dazzlingly intricate story lines that parallel that of neopets.com.I had this game when it first came out -LRB- I even had the first ad I found of it , carefully and lovingly stored in my room -RRB- and LOVED it , though at times it could become tiresome or repetitive , especially on the farm with the Lupe at the beginning . I remember one task in which I spent many hours trying to herd some sheep things into a pen before finally mastering the skill . But the game 's lovely and simple and clean - in graphics , story line , and content . It 's fine for any age with a strong female lead , magic -LRB- always a plus ! -RRB- , good battles that are n't gory or messy , and , well , NEOPETS ! And the petpets are adorable and useful.I did n't get overly far in this game , due to my mother losing it during a move not long after receiving it -LRB- and my fixation on my PS2 digimon game - also a must for me ! - that kept me from returning to it after those stupid sheep upset me . But I DID love it and I 've even asked for it for Christmas , so I promise that I find it worthwhile . It 's fine for kids-it 's clean , acceptable , and has a clear division of right and wrong-but also for adult or teen fans , of which I am the latter , due to the easy , carefree controls and fun plot that may become predictable at times -LRB- it does follow the Neopets plot , after all , but also because it 's rather linear -RRB- but is still energetic , lovely , and appealing to all ages.I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Neopets , RPGs you do n't have to really think about , or an easy , carefree virtual romp.For more serious gamers
 I can not begin to explain how great this game is ! Firstly , it starts off with two our two heroes and main characters
 I love this game , it has been one of my favorites and I can even play it and I am not good with video games.The only down side is it gets dark and my eye sight ca n't see in the dark , we lighted screen and it was better.It is a great family game that our whole family really enjoyed ! We are so glad we got it .
 Just got this game a few days ago . It was an early valentines day present for my daughter and we love it !! she loves action/adventure , RPG games and its hard to find one to really hold her attention but this game does !! We cant really say anything bad about the game . The only thing that she wishes is they would come out with a game that was a little more like the online neopets , with more mini games and such and to actually adopt a pet that you want and to take care of it .
 I have found the game to be very entertaining and just my speed . I am looking forward to finishing it . It was recommended to me by my sister and I have found her opinion to be correct . I would love to find more games like this one .
 Well who cares who Billy is . Is this for reviews or a chat room ? This game is great . We bought it for my 8 year old son , who absolutely loves Neopets . It is a little hard for younger kids , but a great game . Sort of along the lines of Zelda . This is a wholesome and fun game . it will keep you playing for hours . There are many , many things to do outside of the main quest . LOTS of hidden things to find and do as well . Bravo Neopets . It was wonderful to finally be able to walk part of the world of Neopia .
 The Darkest Faerie is awesome ! I 've played Wind Waker and up til now it was my favorite game . Not anymore ! If you do n't have this game yet , put it on your Christmas list !
 I love this game . My dad and I have been playing it and we are having lots of fun . The worlds are so big and you can go anywhere you want . There are lots of items and upgrades that you can get . Meridell castle is awesome ! Its just fun to run around and do quests and fight evil enemies .
 First of all , I love this game ! It is so much fun and it really gets kids intrested in magic and adventure . It is really the type of game for people who read the `` Twitches '' series and the `` Animorph '' series . It is so much fun and adventures that it really brings out the real you ! Also there are some people who think of it as a stupid or as some kid said . `` cheesy '' game . Well here 's the deal with people like that . So they dont like the game . Big deal . That 's their problem . I mean look at the probability of how good this game is ! There is only about maybe 4-5 bad reviews that were made by the same exact people -LRB- including if it says Timmy , or James . Both are the same people . -RRB- . So count how many bad reviews there are and then count how many good reviews there are . Now which one are you going to pick?From - AdviceGiver.P.S . I know now that I have written `` Count the good and bad reviews and see what you get . '' that the people who are obnoxious enough to make more bad reveis are going to make more bad reviews so they can make you not buy this game . So now that you 've read this , just rent the game at a store for now . See if you like it , then you can decide wheather to buy it or not . Cya !
 My older brothar and i have been playing this game its so much fun , cool fun advetures . i really like collecting items and neopoints . my friends at school cant stop talking about how fun it is , sharing secrets and stuff , so coool !
 Now I myself am a neopets fan and was really excited when this game was released . I found out about it in a Disney Adventures magazine . I was imiadietly saving up for this.Now the game has it 's ups and downs though , but I am sure that if you 're a neopets fan you will love this game . Now here are the up 's .1 -RRB- All of the neopets characters from the website come alive in this 3-D adventure .2 -RRB- Challenging puzzles , magic , sword fights .3 -RRB- Tons of action!And now , to my dismay , the downs .1 -RRB- Lack of aim when using the wand . Let 's just face it . Even though it hones in on the enemy it does n't always hit its mark .2 -RRB- Way to many glitches . Once when I was looking for an item in an abbandoned mine shaft using Tormund , the character that uses the sword , I was not watching where I was going and walked into a wall . Literally . It took me a while to get out of there but after I got out I was treated to a 1st person view . What 's wrong with this you might ask . Well 1st person + sword = massive problems attacking .3 -RRB- This may only appeal to parents who are planning on buying this game for their 7 year old son/daughter that 's into neopets . Some of the locations send chills down your spine . Especially the graveyards . They are especially scary when an enemy pops out from around the corner unexpectadly.Well it is a pretty good game if you 're a fan of neopets or zelda .
 I like this game very much except that it can be very hard at some points . Right now , I have to battle this big pirahana thing in the woods . I really want to play as Roberta . The camera can be really confusing . I also do n't like that the land is very strange . I mean like you get lost very often even if you use the map . I really like the motes that make your weapon , or shield stronger . I also like the story . it is very fun and not confusing at all . Overall , I 'd get this game if I were you . The longest you would play before putting on your shelf with all of the dusty ones is about 5 weeks . I 'M A NEOPETS FREAK !
 I recomend this game to any neopets lover -LRB- that has a PS2 of course ! -RRB- This game combines skill with stratagy . It really makes you think . I also recomend this game to any gamer . I think that if someone who has no idea what neopets is , after playing this game they 're going straight to neopets.com to sign up.NOTE TO NEO FANS : My user lookup is nicolehasniceneos
 i had just gotten this game for christmas and it is TONS of fun . i 've been on neopets for 5 years now and i 've been wanting them to come out with a neopets game . i do n't know why everyone else is giving it such bad reviews ... in the game you run around doing quests and stuff . i just started the game and i have n't gotten very far.overall neopets the darkest fearie is an awesome game and a good gift !!! P.S
 First of all I have to say the website -LRB- neopets.com -RRB- and the game are two completely different things . So if you think the website is boring , do not automaticly hate the video game . They are two completely different things ! I like them both exactly the same in my opinion . Neopets the Darkest Faerie is a very fun adventure game , when the website is great because of the virtualpets experiance and role-playing . This is a great game , also would make a great gift ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My daughters and I play this game for hours and have a blast doing it . The relationship between Tor and Roberta is adorable and the game requires Dad to come to the rescue for the dark nights , minions and `` gone bad '' chieftans , but that 's half the fun . I can only hope they are underway in developing DF-II or another adventure for Tor and Roberta . Bravo !!!
 I loved this game it is an excallent brain teaser the costumes and the characters are adorable but sadly the boss characters were not very difficult in this game you play as a knight named Tormund and a sorceress named Roberta they must team up to defeat The Darkest Faerie who has cursed the land of Neopia . Over all I give this game a 4 stars so feel free to try it and enjoy it !
 I thought this game was great ! I think you have to be a neopets fan to truely appretiate this game , and I am one . I just read some of the one star reviews and hardly understand anything they said.I thought the graphics were great and I really enjoyed being able to walk around as one of my favorite Neopets -LRB- lupe -RRB- in the world of Neopia . On the site you can explore Neopia , but not like this . You go to Meridell , Brightvale , Faerieland and Altador.The game is about a young lupe that lives on the farm with his family , who wants to become a knight of Meridell . His father gives him a package to deliver to Meridell and he 's off . But on his way he saves a begger on the side of the road who gives him a neckless that he tells him to never take off . And while he is traveling to Meridell , the darkest faerie breaks out of prison and tries to take over Neopia . Tor -LRB- the lupe -RRB- becomes a knight and it 's up to him and a sorceress with the same neckless to save Neopia . They have to travel throughout four Neopian lands , fight monsters , and save the towns people of everywhere they go . And some neopets they save may not be who they think they are.It takes you on a truly fun and challenging adventure . It took me two weeks to beat and the game went on longer than I expected . I had to use a online guide to get through it , and I did get fusterated at times . And the game does get somewhat scary and towards the middle you always have monsters following you . But it 's not so bad . That 's what makes putting the pieces together so rewarding.You should get this game , especially if you 're a Neopet fan . The places you go are amazing , you get to interact with your favorite Neopets , and there are always surprises !
 I AM NOT A FAN OF NEOPETS FIRST OF ALL . MY LITTLE COUSIN BOUGHT THIS GAME WITH HER BIRTHDAY MONEY AND ASKED ME AND MY BROTHER TO HELP HER BEAT IT AND I WAS AMASED ABOUT HOW GOOD THIS GAME WAS . IF YOU ARE A FAN OF ACTION/ADVENTURE GAMES I RECOMEND THIS GAME IT IS AWESOME.YOU WILL HAVE ALOT OF FUN PLAYING THIS GAME .
 This is a very good game for the first Neopets game . It has an extremely large world , full of secrets and special items . The bosses arent that challenging , but other than that its a pretty good game . I would highly recomend it for Neopets fans , and even if you arent a very big neopets fan , It is somthing neopets fans and non neopets fans can enjoy . The game is full of side quests that are both challenging and sometimes fun . The music is very magical and is similar to medival music on some parts . The music is just perfect for any neopets game . Like I said , I would recomend it , and enjoy !!!
 I am in my mid twenties and endure a bit of teasing from friends about owning this game . Each time I get teased , I turn the game on and my friends change their minds and ask if they can try it.The game has a few glitches here and there , I played through once to find them all , and now I can avoid them easily . I would recommend saving frequently.I can see how this game might be a little scary or intimidating for younger children , and I would recommend parents play through once before letting their children play , or at least supervise the first play-through . I have been a big fan of Zelda for a long time now , and I constantly wish it were available on the PS2 . This game comes pretty close to it though.And keep in mind folks , this game is based on a CHILDREN 'S WEBSITE . If you are disappointed in it for not being adult enough for you then you are expecting something that Neopets has never been.Thumbs up from me !
 This game is very fun . The sword fighting is amazing . It freezes some time but for less than 5 seconds . Really . I love it . these weird kids that only want M games ca n't be any more mature than the paresnts who buy it for them . Those games are for criminals . Neopets is very fun swordfighting . Good vs. Evil.not Grand Theft Auto where all you do is shoot the good guys and be a criminal . Kids that immature should n't get M games .
 Ok i 'd like to say a few words , this billy guy , DONT BELIEVE HIM ! He 's wrong about the animals on Neopia and all that other stuff he says . And someone who says stuff just to make themselves to look like their right and cool get on peoples nerves ! DONT LISTEN TO HIM ! THIS GAME ROCKS!PS . Billy get some spelling classes!This game rocks !
 Billy is not really a 14 year old . I go to school with him and he admitted to em he was lying ! But he wo n't admit it here so I will for him . He is accually an eleven year old who his parents have to approve T games and he ca n't play ANY M games . ANd he has NEVER played GTA . And Billy is n't even his real name . Also he is angry at neopets because his parents wo n't let him do it ! David , out ! And besides the whole Billy thing this game rocks ! It is a MUST buy ! You NEED to buy it it totaly rules !
 I really love Neopets So i asked for this at Christmas.when i got it i freaked out.I am 11 and i was new to video games.this game is challenging at times and you really have to think things through.I went to all the shops and talked to people.there are many new places ; I would not suggest just going to them , ` train ' . get used to the controls and do the smaller tasks first.get motes and things first.stock up on Juppies -LRB- health/life restoring fruit . -RRB- before you go any where.I would suggest trying to get a shield and a squire 's sword as soon as possible.the shield ca n't block every attack , but it helps!when you go through new places , chech your map , keep your sword drawn , and keep a Juppie ` active ' . Trust me , these hints work!Overall this was a great game !
 does anyone know where ice mote is or magic portals in brightvale in one of there shops they say something about magic portals you can power up and they are hard to find has anyone found any yet ?? and if so where ??? also where is ice mote so i can defeat the skeleton thingy to get fyoras rod ??? please some one help meeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!
 i dont know who this make believe person `` billy henderson '' is , but dont believe there fake review , i have not once seen the game lock up , it is so much fun ! my mom and i play it , and enjuy it . so far we have been playing it for over 14 hours and no problems , oh its so cool !!! Hands down the best game for kids my age -LRB- 13 -RRB- this year !!!
 Hey ! It 's me again ! I was the one that said my username was x __ johnnydepp __ x.I have gotten WAY farther into the game -LRB- 3rd act to be exact -RRB- . The game is TONS of fun!You will probebly get stuck on a couple parts but trust me , this game is AWESOME for neopet-freaks like me!I would say you should be 10 or up to play the game JUST BECAUSE its hard at some points.Overall , Neopets the darkest faerie was worth every penny!If you have any questons about the game and if you go on neopets , neomail me and ask me for help ! my username is x __ johnnydepp __ x ! ; -RRB-
 So many cool characters to meet , places to go , and enemies to fight . And just when I think I 'm finished , there 's a whole new place to explore.Sometimes the camera gets stuck , but it doesnt bother me too much .
 I 've been waiting for a neopets game for ages , since i started a couple of years ago.The storyline is supberb , and the graphics are great.I like that you can rotate the camera view at ease , which is something a lot of games dont have.The worlds are vast , and dont take long to load.I 've played this game for hours straight ; something I usually dont do.Overall , this game is great , for neopets lovers 10 + .
 Wow , where to start ? My daughter and I have been playing the neopets game online for about 3 years now and could hardly wait for this game to come out . We did n't / do n't have a ps2 yet but its on layaway right now and the first game we are getting is this one . My daughters best friend loaned us hers to get a little taste of what we were missing and let me say this is one addictive game.The story line is great and the graphis are super . I did have some troubles making my pet look in the direction I wanted him to at first but soon got use to his little quirks . There is ALOT of running around to do in the game . This does n't bother my daugher or me but it does really flustrate her friend who wants things done in 5 minutes . I like how you go on quests and there are alot of neat things you will run into along the way . Not even 15 minutes after I had started playing I had discovered things that she had n't because she didnt take time to look around.All in all I love the game and graphics . I do think that there is always room for improvement and that is why I only gave 4 stars on the overall game rating . Enjoy the game and play it with your parents I am sure that they will like it too .
 My parents bought this for me the other day , what a awesome game , so much fun , my dad and i play together , its the first game he will sit down with me and play ! the demo was great , and the full game is just amazing , huge worlds , fighting , and puzzles . I really like the story too .
 This game is very fun . I got the demo disc from my friend and I think this game is amazing . A lot like the Zelda games . I can not wait until Christmas for it . Do n't listen to that `` Billy '' guy getting worshipped . I bet he is only one person . The fighting is very fun . The puzzles looked cool . I do n't know about the actual game itself but I think the demo disc was amazing .
 this ia an awesome game my stepmom got this for me and i love it although i have not beat the game yet i still love it level 3 is challenging -LRB- thats where im stuck -RRB- the most challengig part on level 3 is when you have to get bogberries for the aprothecary Fautt i foun all the bogberries but i cant get the black bogberries -LRB- they are guarded by a giant snake -RRB- oh and Billy shut your gay mouth
 I have been playing this game since it has been released , it took me awhile , but what a cool game , it can be easy at times , but is that bad ? it is fun , thats good . I just completed this game , wow , i roughly played it for 50 + hours . I enjoyed every minute of it . I am a little older than most , i am 17 and i enjoyed a `` Kids '' game . My little sister loves playing along and watching it with me . I think it is good for kids as well because it helps with reading and is not a scary , bloody , violent game !
 If you are a neopets fan this game is for you . Most people who just get this game out of well the cover looks cool do n't really know or understand the game . Its not ment for people really who do n't play neopets . Its hard to understand if you do n't go on neopets at least once a week . Personaly it takes more luck then skill . Its alot of fun with basic challenges . Your kid will defintly not have a tantrum cause he/she is losing . Its more a fun game then a killing or hard skill needed game . If your kid loves neopets this game is much recommended . If you kid does not I do not recommend buying this game espically if they wannt a tuff game to beat . If they want that wait for the neopets psp game to come out . In ending terms must have for all neopets fans .
 So billy this is what i got to say ... well i should say a bad word but i cant in front of 6 year olds like yourself . Now be a good little boy and go back to your rated G movies and if your bad we 'll strap you in a chair and force you to play NEOPETS THE DARKEST FAERIE . WHICH ROCKS OFF THE ROOF ! People reading this review -LRB- other than Billy and his made up friend Timmy and James -RRB- This product is worth your money.P.S.Do your parents know you watch and play rated R movies and Video games?From the teens .
 Billy stop being such a jerk ! If a fourteen year old had actually been writing the review then whats with the spelling issues ? Why do you got ta be such -LRB- ... -RRB- Be a sport and stop telling people lies.PS . Also get some -LRB- ... -RRB- spelling lessons -LRB- ... -RRB-
 There is no such website as `` freedownloadblegames.com '' You did n't even spell it right ! You got to be careful when lying on the internet , it 's not that hard to google . Get some spelling lessons , heck , get a real life .
 OK , I 'm here to say some stuff about Billy Henderson again . For one thing , his reply to my other note was obviously a complete lie . Place all the evidence that Billy and his so-called `` friends '' share , and watch
 Just to let you know - Billy Henderson , Timmy Kahn , and James Hedbergs are fake names and are three fake identities for the same person . Their terrible spelling and grammar are identical , and I highly doubt that that would happen with three boys , especially ones from the same school . Besides , I also highly doubt `` Timmy '' and `` James '' would worship `` Billy '' the way they do . Honestly , listen to the so-called Timmy call Billy president of the school . And what kind of kid goes onto the computer and whines about a game , bragging about his popularity ? Not the kind of kid I 'd like to know . So , just to let you know.P.S . This game sounds neat !
 To all reviewers , I do not know who this Billy Henderson is but his reviews may be lies . I have words to all reviewers such as Billy and those who wrote bad reviews about him -LRB- and I 'm not saying that everyone did -RRB- . But to Billy
 For heavens sake Billy , shut the -LRB- ... -RRB- up ! Everyone is against you , and with GOOD reason . Admit it , you 're just a dumb first grader who got mad because the game was too difficult for you . I bet you do n't even know how to play Shadow the Hedgehog . The right game for you would be something like Elmo World or Bob the Builder . This game is awsome , but it seems you and your fake friends are too immature to see that . Oh , I am sorry little guy , I forgot , you do n't know the meaning of such BIG words . Immature ... in this case I would say it means that you 're a stupid little butt hole with no life and no friends . Bye bye little butt hole ! : -LRB-
 I really enjoy the heck out of this game . The graphics are great & the sounds are great as well . You get a real sense of high speed . The only fault this game has is that when you take it online to Xbox Live , it is IMPOSSIBLE to race against other humans . There is some kind of programming glitch . However , there is still a very good reason to play Powerdrome on Xbox Live ; all the racers are unlocked for you to play when you host a race online , even if you have not unlocked them yet in career mode . So I play against the AI , which is good AI anyhow , & I feel I get my money 's worth out of the game . The title is so cheap now , nobody seems to own it . I hope they make a new version of Powerdrome for the next-gen consoles , but I really doubt they will . Whatever .
 I got this game for Christmas and thought that it would n't be that good . It turned out to be really fun . You can go over a thousand miles an hour ! It is also realistic because your racer starts smoking when you run into something and it sets on fire and blows up . But there is a repair feature for thatrepairs your racer while you are racing . There is also a boost that helps you get into first place easily . - Clark
 I like to swing the club in Golf and watch the ball go to the green . My son goes with me to the store often to look at golf games.We found Eagle Eye golf at Amazon.com . It was the 1st off world Golf we played . I 'm still trying to figure out how to play it . My son knows it works . I 'll get around in time . I hope golf fans of more open people will enjoy the other visualized golfers .
 this game is very fun but can be diffcult . for one thing the castle levels i think are almost impossiable because fo the booby traps . but it is too easy when you fight on the fields because you can easily demolish everyone . i do have one suggestion that you do two player mode for the campaigns because you can do multiple objects at the same time
 Easily some of the most exciting action games in the past few years are the DYNASTY WARRIORS games from Koei . What the series lacked in storyline surely made up for it with the action packed and longtime playability that you would find in each game . Where else can you kill hundreds or even thousands of enemy soldiers for hours at a time ? And of course , as we ` ved already seen with the series so far , if a series works , companies will capitalize on its success . This is the case for Koei newest title , SAMURAI WARRIORS.One of the most appealing things about the DYNASTY WARRIORS series , other than the constant action , is the historical background of ancient China . Sure , while there is no record of any one person killing 1000 people in a single battle , the game brings some historical references into the game to sprucen up the storyline . The only difference between DYNASTY WARRIORS and the newcomer SAMURAI WARRIORS is that the latter now takes place in feudal Japan . Taking place during the Sengoku period of Japanese history , When the political power of the Ashikaga Shogunate collapsed in the succession dispute of 1467 , the islands of Japan erupted in a series of major wars . This era in Japanese history became known as the Sengoku or `` warring states '' period . SAMURAI WARRIORS explores this dramatic era and combines it with the Tactical Action excitement KOEI has become known for . SAMURAI WARRIORS stars the brave Sanada Yukimura , who leads an elite band of samurai and ninja . Sanada 's journey will take him to the hallowed Japanese battlefields of Okehazama and Kawanakajima and inside the embattled walls of Osaka Castle where he will come face-to-face with gun-toting troops , echelons of ninja , and deadly kunoichi -LRB- female ninja -RRB- . Players can choose the role of Sanada Yukimura or other legendary samurai and ninja . The game will herald the rise of the indispensable ninja , Hattori Hanzo , from the shadows of history , as well as the reemergence of KOEI 's powerful and mysterious Oda Nobunaga . Missions evolve depending on player performance and the tide of battle . Success or failure can affect scenarios in later stages . With 500 variations , the chain of missions is unique with each play , adding depth while heightening the urgency and excitement of combat . Samurai Warriors ' AFS -LRB- auto-formation system -RRB- randomly generates castle levels and conquest routes offering a new experience with each play . -LSB- KOEI -RSB- SAMURAI WARRIORS obviously focuses on the warring nations that combat each other during this time period . But technically , for storyline , that is about as historically accurate as this one gets -LRB- other than a few real-life characters that you will find throughout the game -RRB- . SAMURAI WARRIORS allows you to select from 15 different characters , each with his or her own fighting style and storyline . True , they don ` all differ too much from each other , but they are different enough to warrant playing through more than one of them . Basically , if you ' played any of the DYNASTY WARRIORS games , you 'll feel right at home with SAMURAI WARRIORS . The square button performs most of the attacks you use throughout the game , allowing you to string together combos . By adding in the occasional press of the triangle or circle buttons for your special attacks , you be able to take apart the enemy armies in no time . Of course , the coolest mode found in the game is when two players see who can kill 1000 enemies the quickest.The newest upgrade to SAMURAI WARRIORS is the Officer Mode , which allows you to create your own samurai from several pre-rendered models . After creating your character , you go through a series of tests from your trainer until you are good enough to join a clan and become a full fledged samurai . There are also some new RPG effects added into the game that allow you to upgrade your character ` attack , defense and weaponry.One of the biggest downfalls of the game , just like the DYNASTY WARRIORS games , is the English voice acting . The voice acting was pretty bad before , but now it just seems downright intolerable . Luckily for us , a much better acted Japanese track is available for players . The music is also decidedly more Japanese , more subdued and traditional , than the previous rock tracks that we are used to in the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.I also did n't like the endless castle maze -LRB- which all looked alike hence only 4 stars -RRB- plus the graphics are not as good as Samurai 2 -LRB- which has more color & depth -RRB- SAMURAI WARRIORS is still a perfectly good action game for people who enjoy playing games that do n't require much thought . This is a game that any player can just jump into and have a great time .
 I am a big fan of feudal Japan and was thrilled when Samurai Warriors finally came out . This is a version of the classic Dynasty Warriors set in Japan.If you 've played Dynasty Warriors before , then you know the basic layout . There are many characters to choose from , and each moves through his or her own timeline in feudal Japan -LRB- the 16th century -RRB- when there was great conflict and strife in Japanese history . You 're dealing with Oda Nobunaga and other classic historical figures as they fight for control of Japan.The graphics are really great , with nice sword moves , costumes , backgrounds , horses , and more . You really get the sense that you 're battling your way through a feudal Castle or fighting across plains to achieve your objective.You can build a character up from scratch , going through training and joining a clan . Or you can take a pre-designed character and start through historical missions , building your clan 's honor and prestige.There are the traditional Musou moves where you wipe out entire groups of forces with one series of blows . There are combo attacks , and loyal followers to assist you in your goals . There are the cut-scenes that make the history clear , and the ` over the shoulder ' sad looks as your enemies retreat from the map.While some might say this is just another release of Dynasty Warriors , I really love the Japanese world so much that I gladly bought this immediately on release and we have been playing it ever since . There are enough upgrades - from horse attacks to character development - to make it WELL worth playing . And for me , setting it in a Japanese history instead of a Chinese one is a huge bonus.I highly recommend this for any fan of strategy . With all the unlockables and replaying you can do , plus the multi-player options , you can easily play this game for months !
 I had read a number of reviews claiming that this game was exactly like Dynasty Warriors , except worse . Well , I must confess that because of these , I held out from purchasing this for a long time . However , when I found this title in the bargain bin of a certain large chain store -LRB- for ten bucks -RRB- , I finally said , `` What the hey ? '' and purchased it.Oh , I was not disappointed ... Indeed , Samurai Warriors does have a great deal of similarity with its Dynasty Warrior counterpart . You take control of a character , and hack your way into Japanese history . The time period is the end of the so-called Sengoku , or Warring States , a long and bloody civil war between many participants which ended with the rise of the Tokugawa Shogunate . The game starts with Nobunaga Oda 's attack on the Imagawa , the `` ruling '' clan at the time . Historically , Nobunaga was far outnumbered by the Imagawa , but managed to gain a bit of luck due to a driving rainstorm.The game concentrates on a few battles -LRB- some real , some fictitious -RRB- and a few participants -LRB- initially , only five are available , but ten more can be unlocked , including Nobunaga himself -RRB- . The action moves forward by means of missions which the player may embark on . Succeeding -LRB- or failing -RRB- a mission will open new missions . Furthermore , each person has a scenario and -LRB- at least -RRB- two different endings to find . In general , this game is quite a bit harder than Dynasty Warriors , but I found this pretty fun -LRB- if at times frustrating - the `` Betrayal at Honnuji '' level is a killer even at `` normal '' difficulty -RRB- . Character growth is pretty fun , as they grow depending on how you decide to defeat each level -LRB- or , you can look online to learn how to max out all character stats -RRB- . The graphics are a bit weak for an entry this late into the DW genre , but the gameplay makes up for it , in my opinion . Level 5 weapons are quite difficult to get as well.All in all , I think the game is worth the incredibly cheap price I got it for , and is probably worth three times that . Oh , and one more thing , Nobunaga is n't really all that much like Cao Cao -LRB- Cao Cao was a very skilled diplomat , whereas Nobunaga 's diplomacy came at the tip end of a sword , so to speak -RRB- . But anyway , I found the game well worth the money .
 I seriously recommend everyone to try the Samurai Warriors or Dynasty Warriors games . They are really fun and even more fun on 2 player with a friend .
 I really love video games they are so addictive not to mention so much fun all the credit goes to japan because they always come up with the best animation .
 challenging game to play and build up characters.it has many characters and different weapons . my grandsons would play it all day if i let them
 Alright , anyone familiar with Dynasty Warriors already knows the deal . You 're a warrior from history , pitted against hordes of enemies . For me , this was actually the first `` Warriors '' game I ever played when I had rented it a while back , and I was very quickly hooked.Now , the premise is very simple , and the game itself is simple enough as well . However , after playing some of the other games , I realized how much harder Samurai Warriors is in comparison . The first few stages of any character 's story mode are downright deadly if you 're not careful . And the castle stages , where you must traverse five or six floors , avoiding traps and enemies along the way , are both frustrating and entertaining at the same time.Once you get the hang of the game , it is n't quite as difficult , admittedly . But the missions and multiple endings for each character help to give you new goals as you go along . Not to mention , each character has a fifth weapon , that must be obtained through a specific stage on hard difficulty or higher . So there 's plenty to do , and you can have a friend join in on the chaos.This is one the things that I really enjoy about these games . The co-op mode if just plain fun , and often makes accomplishing missions in each stage easier as well . Another mode I rather enjoy is vs mode , where there are three different ways to go against a friend . First one to kill the enemy commander , first to one thousand kills , and ... I 'm afraid I ca n't remember the third at the moment , my apologies . Point is , it 's a nice way to break up what can sometimes be a monotonous experience.Overall , I adore the game , really . Normally I 'm not fond of hack and slash games , but this one provides enough story and challenge to make it worth my while . Not bad for something I randomly picked up off the rental shelf , I must say . So much so , that I finally decided to purchase it as well . Not to mention , one or two of its sequels .
 I have never played any of Koei 's other games , so I have no idea how this one compares with Dynasty Warriors.Personally , I like this game quite a bit . The controls are n't complicated , the hack-and-slash aspect is awesome for those of us who are of a `` killing first , mission second '' gaming mindset -LRB- like me -RRB- , and gameplay is not impossible , but also not painfully easy . There 's a wide variety of characters -LRB- once you unlock them -RRB- , and the graphics are very lovely.I think some of the character designs could use a little work -LRB- like Kuniochi in her sports bra and cargo shorts , or Oichi in her cutesy jailbait anime girl get-up -RRB- , but all in all , I think the pros outweigh the cons .
 samurai warriors is a hard game . i beat 2 of the stories , yukimura 's and the samurai 's tale . the highest rank is a twenty . you might want to have 2 people when you 're doing story mode . if one of you is a 1 and the other is an 18 you might want have backup . 2 player mode is cool because you go into a mode and just kill everyone in sight . you can also create a charecter . you can have up to 5 people and use them in story mode . you want to be on nobunaga 's because his excircises or easier than the other lords , like shingen . that guy dies for god sake . if you like dynasty warriors you 'll like this .
 This game was definitely ahead of it 's time , units had morale and everything . If you ever wondered where the idea for Rome Total War came from , check out this game although I doubt that today 's PCs will be able to run it . The chariot racing and gladiatorial combat mini-games were amusing also .
 This game is the bomb . I do n't ramble too much , because everything that can be said about this game has been already - see Abandonia 's review for more info . Personally , I wish I knew of more modern games along the lines of Centurion
 I have been playing video games since I can walk . There is nothing better then playing a game in the Arcade . Alas the arcades in North America are almost extinct . This stick brings back that Old school feeling of hitting the joystick and pianoing your inputs as if you were at a Street Fighter cabinet . I am very pleased with this item . Been using it for Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold and Street Fighter the movie and have not drop any inputs . Bring me back to the glory days of the mid 90 's when I was taking people 's allowance as a teen . . This is a must buy if you have a Saturn and play capcom fighters .
 The Saturns flop in the U.S did do 1 thing for gamers some of the hardware & some of the software can found new I bought this baby still in the original packaging there 's nothing wrong with the Saturn controller but Sega released a virtua stick a 3rd party made this stick & for games like virtua fighter 1 & 2 Street Fighter alpha 1 & 2 Street Fighter zero 3 & King of Fighter 97 -LRB- JAP only but get an Action Replay card for them -RRB- Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 Mortal Kombat Trilogy any great fighting game this thing is a plus cause of the joystick . Even Die Hard arcade & Guardian Heroes this is a good controller I do wish they would have picked a better spot for the slow button I mean right under the joystick it 's smaller than I thought but just as responsive as my fighting stick 3 to my PS3 .
 LoY is really solid expansion to Everquest that updates the interfaces , adds a new playable character race , gives you access to in-game maps , doubles your bank capacity , adds an NPC journal that tracks your conversations , and has a really useful tool for handeling your guild . Some of these additions have been available in unauthorized EQ utilites for some time now , but SOE finally listened to the fans and incorporated them into the game itself . EQ is finally shaping up to be the game it should have been all along , and despite the long wait it continues to be the MMORPG to beat . The new playable Frogloks race is a real hoot to try and all in all I 'd have to say it 's a darn fine addition to the game . My only complaint is that the price seems a little high for this expansion considering there 's only a new few additional zones included . If the expansion was several dollars cheaper I 'd have given it five stars .
 SOE is getting better and better at listening to what we as players want and putting in new features . This is a great add on . The new race , the Frogloks , look really cool and have pretty good starting stats . With this expansion you will also get twice the storage in the bank -LRB- 16 total slots -RRB- a slot for your character to store charms , a mapping utility to help you keep your bearings , a journal utility so you wo n't have to keep info about your quests on paper or log files . This is a great addition , especially if you are new to EQ and need a little extra help getting around . The starting city for Frogloks has a lot of in game help . And the NPCs seem to be a little more dynamic in their lives than in other places in EQ .
 Legacy of Ykesha introduces Frogloks as a playable race . They have overrun Grobb , former home of trolls , and renamed it Gukta , Outpost of Marr . Troll-refugees have been accepted in a suburb of Neriak Foreign-Quarter . Notably , this will shift some power on PvP-team servers , planting a Shorty team in the Evil-team 's heartland.Frogloks wo n't displace any races , statistically , but they do make decent Paladins . The females have not been humanized , as were the Vah Shir . As with the Iksar , it 's no great feau paux to pick a female , to get lighter skin colors , and a greater pattern variety.SOE has reactivated all cancelled accounts , for the month of March . They have -LSB- apparently -RSB- enabled YoK expansion -LSB- temporarily -RSB- . They have given you a test-run of the extra bank slots , and will allow you to create a froglok . Charm slots are not enabled unless you 've purchased the expansion , however.With SOE 's , Star Wars Galaxies due for release April 15 , as well as many other close rivals releasing in that time frame , this marks an excellent time to make such a fine offerring.The froglok , Guktan Recruit quests are quite fun . The foundation seems similar to the Tax Collector quest , of South Qeynos fame.However , this is a far greater improvement , sending you to multiple , in-town NPCs , some with very nice rewards -LRB- armor , gold , crafting supplies -RRB- . Some quite lucrative quests have been added , as well . Even the merchant-faction quest has a new twist . You can not just feed an NPC a backpack full of muffins , anymore.It puts a fresh face on the game . The changes , beginning last summer , allow many newbie areas to allow you to generate up to 12-platinum per hour -LRB- N.Qeynos -RRB- . This is quite necessary , since the most basic steed -LSB- horse or lizard -RSB- costs around 10,000-platinum . Many new quests have been added . Older mobs have had additional levels added , so that the same figure you were killing at level 1 still have some red-con versions at level 10 . Combined with the ease-of-travel , with the Plane of Knowledge -LRB- Planes of Power expansion -RRB- , Everquest has become a far more global community .
 it is the best out of all the expansions and then some.the biggest thing that i noticed was the frogloks , they are great begining characters and good for veterines like me . -LRB- just kidding -RRB- . i am a seriose ever quest fan so i give this game 5 count 'em 5 stars so get this Expasion .
 For the Nintendo Wii , let 's face it . 480i is not bad , but when the TV 's get larger in size , you can start to detect the fuzziness of the picture . Getting the component cable bumps it up to 480p , effectively doubling the resolution in one dimension -LRB- though I do n't remember which one -RRB- . While not necessary for Wii Sports , though it does make a difference there , it is pretty sweet upgrade for games such as Zelda -LRB- which is about all I can speak for as of now -RRB- . Obviously , while I recommend this for larger TV 's to remove the grain , on smaller TV 's this just makes the picture quality seem crisp and clear .
 This HD cables are great , they suport the 480p that the wii system has , i connected them to a 1080i HDTV and the work GREAT , it really improves the quality of the gameplay experience on the wii , if you have the console , this is a MUST !
 This component cable works perfectly . The only issue that some users might run into is this
 I bought these because they are far cheaper then most on the market and the quality of the cables is good . With most component cables all 5 cables are split at the same place so you may need audio extensions to reach to your receiver . You can find the cable and female2female connectors you need on amazon for a cheap price.These cables to supply a 480p image and the complaints about pixelation are just by those who do n't understand SD and HD resolution and how games are made . These cables work great and the price is a bargain . A good buy .
 This game is so fun !!! You 'd think a strategy game in the historical time like this would n't be fun but it is !!! You can play is the bad guys or the police . If you play as the police you 'll probably spend more time investigating . If your the bad guys you 'll be shooting and killing alot more . If you ask me this is great !!! Alot of people say this is a bad game but it 's not . There probably just saying that to get you not to buy it . Just get this now it is awsome !!!
 Includes 2 Curious George titles : Curious George Learns Phonics K-1st GradeCurious George Reads , Writes & Spells for 1st & 2nd Grade!Curious George Learns Phonics K-1st Grade : Circus Fun That Teaches Early Reading!Curious George joins the circus in this fun phonics adventure!George is up to his usual antics , sending circus animals flying through the air in dashing acrobatics , laughing at the clowns ' jokes , playing music , and chasing down letters and their sounds . Six games and activities teach children to recognize letters , sounds , and to sound out words as their build basic reading skills . We teach the way children learn . As children learn about letter names , the sounds in language -LRB- phonemic awareness -RRB- , and letter sound associations -LRB- phonics -RRB- , they learn the basic skills of reading and writing . Children explore at their own pace and discover the joy of learning while they play games and activities that teach phonemic awareness and phonics . There are gentle challenges and fun , magical rewards . Features
 The game is awesome , a great game from the 80 's , in my house . Lots of fun and you should get it today if you have a NES ! '
 I grew up with an NES , but never had a chance to play this game until a month ago when I found one in a thrift store . I already had an NES and had been collecting retro games for fun . I played this game and thought it was impressive from the start . It is very simular to contra . The only weaknesses I found was that the variety and amount of guns is limited when compaired to Contra . It has a neat variant , though . To get weapons , you need to find keys that were dropped by fallen enemies . These keys will open chests with otems in them .
 My dad bought me a copy of this game when I was about 12 years old and I have loved it ever since . I recently re-acquired a copy of it and it is still just as awesome . The gameplay is similar to Contra-style NES games , but it is not quite as hard as the actual old-school Contra games . For how cheap it is and all , I would highly recommend it for any NES collection .
 To install under DosBox : create a new folder called c : \ SAVEin DosBox : mount a c : \ SAVE - t floppymount d d :\ - t cdromd : INSTALLbe sure to run `` Make Save Disk '' ! install the gamesTo run a game in DosBox : mount a c : \ SAVE - t floppymount c c : \ wizworxc : cd \ gamenameSTART
 This is the absolute best package if you are looking for nostalgic RPG gaming . SSI set the standard for RPG video games . If you have played one or any of them in the past and enjoyed them , you will enjoy playing them again . If you want to know what the first games were like that began RPG games this is a must buy and play . Be cautioned that you must be familiar or be prepared to familiarize yourself with a `` DOS emulator '' if you do not have a very old PC -LRB- 486 or older required -RRB- . I used DOSBox and received all the technical support and help needed from a community dedicated to vintage gaming . -LSB- ... -RSB- Find this , Buy this , Play this . You will not be disappointed.CAUTION
 I got this controller for xmas and i am glad my mom bought it . All the Xbox controllers that I had before did n't glow in the dark like this one it is sooo coool ... I say they did a great job when they made this one and it was brand new too.Thanks again
 I bought this controller about 1 year ago . It still works perfectly . I like the glowing idea and it works 10x better than the wireless ones of this same brand . The Iglow wireless controllers break after only a few months . The only problem I had was that the right joystick wouldnt work when you clicked it down . For those who play Halo you know that 's the way to zoom in . I took the controller apart and I fooeld around with it and put it back together and it worked perfectly . Very satisfied .
 The controllers were as stated . They work well and the kids love the fact they glow green while playing games . Would recommend for a purchase , the price was right for these .
 This controller is a perfect fit with our gaming gear . The kids love it !
 one of the control panel did not work any more and only I could play two weeks with him .
 Our kids could n't be happer with these two controllers . We had considered wireless ones - but after reading all of the reviews , we decided on these . The price was right - and the kids love the look of them !
 I got this controller for xmas and i am glad my mom bought it . All the Xbox controllers that I had before did n't glow in the dark like this one it is sooo coool ... I say they did a great job when they made this one and it was brand new too.Thanks again
 I bought this controller about 1 year ago . It still works perfectly . I like the glowing idea and it works 10x better than the wireless ones of this same brand . The Iglow wireless controllers break after only a few months . The only problem I had was that the right joystick wouldnt work when you clicked it down . For those who play Halo you know that 's the way to zoom in . I took the controller apart and I fooeld around with it and put it back together and it worked perfectly . Very satisfied .
 The controllers were as stated . They work well and the kids love the fact they glow green while playing games . Would recommend for a purchase , the price was right for these .
 This controller is a perfect fit with our gaming gear . The kids love it !
 one of the control panel did not work any more and only I could play two weeks with him .
 As a fan of the original Alien Shooter game I was really excited when I heard about this new title . The basic game and gameplay mechanics remain the same as before except for a few new additions.In case you have n't played the original Alien Shooter I will briefly go over the gameplay . You basically roam around a level and blast wave after wave of aliens . The pace is sort of like Serious Sam 1 or 2 except faster . The goal is to not only stay alive but to get to a computer and download something , escort and protect someone , blow something up , or retrieve an item . Nothing to original but it is a ton of fun . Things get very frantic and your pulse will quicken as you try to fend off the enemy 's with your favorite weapon . At the end of a big battle there is nothing more satisfying then seeing a sea of red blood and body parts covering every inch of the floor . It never gets old and makes for a great pick up and play game -LRB- levels last 10-20 min on average -RRB- You will always look forward to getting to the next level so you can sell some stuff and buy that new piece of gear you 've been drooling over.To start , the graphics have undergone a major overhaul , check out some screen shots and you 'll see that there are very few games from this genre with graphics as good as this . They are presented in a 3/4 isometric view which gives everything a nice 3d look -LRB- much like Diablo2 . -RRB- The game features levels with great atmosphere , excellent lighting and very nice explosion and gunfire effects . Many of the things in the level are also destructible . The character you play with looks great as well as the wide assortment of alien enemy 's , vehicles , and NPCs.The game now features a huge assortment of weapons which help to keep the game interesting . The weapon system is divided into categories like handguns , shotguns , machine guns/sub-machineguns , rocket launchers/greneade launchers , and power weapons . Each category contains a large variety of weapons -LRB- many are real world weapons while others are purely fictional like the power weapons . -RRB- Much like a RPG game , you will gain experience points as you beat levels and kill off enemy 's of increasing difficulty . Each time you level up you will be granted 5 skill points that you will spend to improve your performance or weapon type skill in any of the many categories . Depending on how you spend these points you will be able to move faster , gain strength , use more powerful weapons , implants , armor , and other useful items.As you play each level you will find cash and even weapons and other items scattered around the level which you can take for free . Your character can equip one gun from each category plus you get set number of squares for storing anything you might pick up . Therefore there is some item management involved as you 'll often need to decide what to keep and what to throw away . You can usually find a item store at the beginning of each level where you will buy , sell , and repair equipment.Another big part of the game is using bio-implants which are chips you install into your body to improve certain stats . You can use 3 of these at any given time and they are available in the store as well as in some levels -LRB- usually hidden . -RRB- These are particularly useful for when you want a new weapon but are a bit short on the needed experience , they 'll give you a boost and you can use that weapon type.Another new feature is the game now has some vehicles and stationary weapons . You 'll always be excited when you find one of these because they are very powerful , fun to use , and finding one generally means you are about to get an entire army of aliens thrown at you . This includes things like an armored jeep with mounted machine gun , a remote controlled laser shooting hover droid , and stationary high caliber chain guns.As for the story , they did try to have a better story in this game then there was in the previous version . Still , the story is the same alien invasion thing we see in a lot of games -LRB- this one is sort of like a Doom/DukeNukem 3D mix -RRB- So it 's mostly ignorable , its only there to give you an excuse to slaughter 1000 's upon 1000 's of enemy 's . The game has pretty decent sound . The guns , vehicles , and enemy 's all sound the way you would imagine them to . You 'll also hear some character voice overs which is a nice touch especially since they are n't to terrible or cheesy . The music is the one thing that could have been much better , I would have really loved a custom mp3 soundtrack feature . Instead you have some techno sounding music that gets faster as the battle heats up and dies down to almost nothing when your no longer fighting.So in the end I think this game is a really great value . Definitely the best PC game I 've ever bought for 20 bucks . I would highly recommend this game to you , despite it 's low budget price it feels like a full priced game . You will admire its high quality and great presentation after only playing for a few minutes . It will be sure to entertain you for a long time . If anything it demands a demo download ! I hope this review has helped you : -RRB-
 This is a 3rd person shooter with RPG type upgrades.This game was offered on ` Steam ' for under $ 10.00 so I took a chance and purchased it ; a good decision.There is nothing fancy here , mediocre graphics , OK sound , BUT the game is fun . Basically it 's just non-stop alien slaughter that results in blood and body parts everywhere.The Pros :1 . -RRB- What makes the game interesting is the large choice of characters , weapons , skills and upgrades -LRB- this also gives the game some replay value -RRB- .2 . -RRB- The game is playable on easy , normal and impossible -LRB- but this is changeable anytime in the game , even mid level -RRB- .3 . -RRB- You get to drive a vehicle with a Gatling gun and also a tank ; both will give new meaning to the words ` weapons of mass destruction ' .4 . -RRB- The game was a definite challenge at times ; it 's basically you alone -LRB- with some minor exceptions -RRB- against hordes of aliens . Because of this , you do need to consider how you will spend your hard earned XPs -LRB- on upgrades and/or skills -RRB- and your money -LRB- on weapons and/or armor -RRB- . The Cons :1 . -RRB- You can have up to 5 lives , but there are no game saves ; so if you die fairly well along in a level -LRB- and in dying , have used up your last life -RRB- , you 'll have to repeat the entire level all over again . Luckily , most of the levels are n't particularly long , however , having said that , there were a couple levels that were a real pain to start over again .2 . -RRB- My character got stuck a couple times where I could n't move and had to restart a level.Conclusion : This is your basic run and gun , not-much-thinking-required , shooter ; but the various weapons and upgrades made this game great fun to play ; plus the price was very reasonable . 5 Stars .
 Very fun , simple , does n't take much thinking . A very relaxing blow them to hell type game .
 In the early to late 90 's there was a computer game series that took raunchy fun in a game to levels that could virtually never be imagined -LRB- of course before the ESRB ratings system was initiated -RRB- and raised the ire of stuffed shirts all around the country . That series was Leisure Suit Larry , where you played as a lounge lizard on a quest to get laid.Now nearly a decade later and the original creators of the LSL series , Sierra , are following in the footsteps of several game companies reinventing classic characters for a new generation of gamers by releasing LSL
 My boyfriend went away to college leaving me in the hell hole of highschool and when I saw this game , I thought it would be be the perfect christmas present for him to distract him from all booty on campus . He is a computer game lover and well , a man , if you know what I mean.My brother had the last Leisure Suit Larry that came out in '97 and our mother threw it away . That was before I could really understand all the humor except for the fact that the pointer was a condom . So Magna Cum Laude -LRB- love the subtitle ! -RRB- was sitting there and my curiosity got the best of me and I had to see what it was all about.I LOVED IT !!! It is completely geared towards men but I could definitely appreciate the humor . I need to go out and buy another one for my boyfriend now ! My mother even finds it funny now that she does n't have to protect our innocence . The minigames get boring but the video interludes are full of fun and sex , what else could you want !
 I was a big fan of the old Al Lowe games , so I was a bit hesitant when I went to but my copy and was told Al Lowe was n't involved . However , after just a couple of hours of playing I can tell you that this game is without a doubt the funniest game I 've played in a long , long time . Also , if you are not a hardcore gamer you 'll should have fun with the minigames , even though they do get a bit repetitive . This game was well worth the $ 30 , some of the stuff that Larry says had me busting a gut . Great game to wind down with after a bad day at work .
 as many others have said , the mini games will get dry after playing them so many times . . eventually you will start to master the game of quarters and figure out ways to get out ... now for all those who have played LSL8 , i know that i was sore that Larry Laffer was not the main character and Al Lowe was also missing ... . however sierra did do a good job on this game in terms of awesome graphics , gameplay , and nudity . -LRB- btw you can hex the file to unlock nude mode early in the game -RRB- ... it is well worth the 30 bucks compared to the newer games out there and i would reccommend this game . . even my g/f made her own save and started playing . . she busted a gut laughing on the jokes because she never played a LSL game ...
 `` Leisure Suit Larry
 funny slap stick game with kiddy humor everyplace . i still had fun playing though . the price is right so i recommend buying it if you have nothing new to play .
 Previous reviewers have noted that the adventure game-play in this game is non-existant . They are correct . There are n't any puzzles or strange problems that need solving , no pixel hunting . It takes a little while to become accustomed to the interface . The control system is funky and involves a lot of keyboard hot keys and little mouse manuevering . In that respect , it is different from the earlier Larry games . I originally disliked it , but it grew on me.It 's better to compare the style of this game to `` Dead Or Alive Beach volleyball . '' A lot of shots of lucious co-eds and a couple of mini-games such as coin tossing , running away from various angry fathers , Deportation employees etc. . It is also in no way shape or form , hard . Even the arcade sequences have the option of being passed over after losing about 5 times . For me , this was fine , because this kind of thing easily annoys and bores me.And now to the game 's strong point , its hilarious plotting . The characters are very well developed and like an interactive `` National Lampoon '' spoof , you run into all kinds of jokes just navigating the game 's many locations . A lot of entertainment alone lies in eavesdropping on the various characters hanging around the campus . For instance , in the library there is a guy that is getting charged about two hundred dollars late fees for checking out 20 some magazines all on the subject of `` tea-bagging '' . The girls all have their various quirks and I found myself playing the conversation mini-game over and over again just to roll my mouse over the red pellets and hear all the outrageous , tacky and downright taste-less things that Larry ends up saying when he makes a mistake and hits a red pellet . -LRB- Each pellet he hits changes the conversation . If he hits the green ones , he 'll be nice . -RRB- I found myself laughing out loud.The girls you 're chasing after are hilarious . I do n't if I said that already , but I 'll say it again . They range from a `` band geek '' to a foreign exchange student who speaks hilariously broken English , and there are tons of them . I 'm thinking at least 12 . I have one final point to touch on . It goes with the maturity level of this game . This game is much more risque than the originals . It features frequent bad language and often goes beyond simply `` hinting '' at things . And while the game is loading , you are often presented with actual photographs of scantily clad women . Sometimes , I felt like I was flipping through play-boy and being a girl , I felt like I should n't be playing this.But this is a really fun game . I actually just got done playing it . I played for about 4 hours because it 's also mildly addictive and a great way to waste time.So do n't just play the game to beat it , because that 's not where the fun is situated . Play around with it , walk around campus and see the sights .
 This game is of course a lot different from the old LSL games . I have all of the LSL games and I could n't pass on the opportunity to have this one of course.Adventure games died a couple of years back when Sierra -LRB- my favorite company in adventure games -RRB- decided they were going into action games and leaving adventure behind . This game can not be called an adventure game as it was like the first LSL games.This being said , I find the game pretty amusing . It 's still in the same spirit that this loser tries as hard as he can to pick up girls . You can only feel sorry for him . The basis is still fun to play with . Like everyone else said , you hae to go through mini-games in order to advance in the game . That is why this is not an adventure game . This is no pick-up and use objects . You do n't really need to think , you just need good hands.The mini-games do sometimes get boring . There are variations of the same game but they all come down to 4 or 5 games overall . The one I like least is the conversations . Like someone already said , you have to play the game to be able to say intelligent things so you sometimes miss the conversation so much you are concentrated on the game . And you miss out on all the animation since you have to look at the game.In spit of that , I think the game is still pretty fun . It brings back a lot of memories of the old LSL games and the fun I had with all the Sierra games . I would just hope that adventure could come back but the attention span of children today is so small that you can not have adventure games like before where you have to think about what to do next ... P.S. With all the technology today , I would have thought that we would have Larry almost looking human and girls looking pretty good . In this game , even though you do see some nudity , it 's still only animation and the girls do n't look or feel real ...
 Well , I bought the game yesterday and played it quite a few hours into the night . The downside was my sucky Intel graphics card barely keeps the screen clear arter the first hour or two . The game did warn me about that beforehand . I tried playing it in a computer window rather than full screen but that lagged it like crazy.Soooooo , for those of you WITH a decent graphics card , here 's my overall report.The mini-games in the overall game itself fall into one of five types :1 -RRB- The conversation game where your game character is a sperm that you have to move around vertically to grab happy faces for Larry to say something nice , while avoiding the red icons that either make him say something stupid or make him more drunk , making the control of the sperm near impossible . This , in my opinion is the most frustrating of the games .2 -RRB- The dancing/trampoline game where ` up ' , ` down ' , ` left '' , ` right ' , and ` button ' icons skim across the bottom of your screen and you have to hit those keys -LRB- ` button ' being the enter/return key -RRB- , in the right order at the right time to win the competition and impress your opponent to gain confidence for Larry -LRB- and sometimes money -RRB- .3 -RRB- The bartending game is much like the previous one only you have the left , right , up , and down icons on the screen in four circles and you have to hit them when they light up .4 -RRB- The ` quarters ' game which , for veteran college residents , plays just like Quarters at your local kegger . I suggest holding the quarter just below the opponents ' neck level and toward the left edge of the glass .5 -RRB- Anyone remember the old video game ` Tapper ' ? Well , it 's in this game too . You 'll either be serving drinks at a bar , handing out flyers , or feeding monkey chow to the monkeys ... quite challenging.There are a LOT of flashback jokes throughout the game . The most disturbing of which being Larry 's fairy godmother looking like Ron Jeremy -LRB- no , it 's not his voice -RRB- . There are several strip versions of most of the games ; however , a ` censored ' sign covers up the privates . You have to go through all of the game before the option of getting rid of those signs is given to you , and even then , you have to get 269 secret tokens in order to activate it.If any of the missions start getting on your nerves , you can ` wimp out ' which takes 4 to 6 tokens away from your stash but it allows you to go to the next mission . In my opinion , of all of Larry 's conquests , Morgan is the toughest group of missions.In Larry 's Black Book , you 'll find his current objectives , conquests , and purchased wardrobes . The wardrobes are very important in later missions , especially the accessories that go with the outfit . No functional value , mind you , but needed to impress the ladies . . uhhh , women ... except Koko.The reason why I 'm explaining all of this is because the morons at Vivendi did n't bother including an instruction manual with the 4 game cds . It took me a long time to figure out how to change larry 's clothes -LRB- third tab in Larry 's Black Book
 I am having a lot of fun with this game.It 's full of raunchy humor , and funnier than many of the `` teen comedies '' that Hollywood had put out in recent years.The `` puzzle '' gameplay of the original is gone , so this is probably more of an action game than an adventure game . Although the gameplay is repetitve , the story takes precedance over the gameplay , and you can even use abundant tokens to skip tough sequences whenever you want.I 've been playing the Xbox version of this game , but the PC version seems to be the version to get . The PC version is cheaper , and it 's probaly more fun to cheat and unlock the additional nudity mode -LRB- a black censorship bar covers the bottoms of the girls who are frequently topless and/or having sex -RRB- and play that way from the start . Playstation 2 owners can also do that with cheats easier than X-box owners can.Since the game is short , and gameplay is n't varied , some people are saying that this game is a rental , but that means that you 'd have to play the console versions which have loading problems that the PC version does n't have . Go ahead and buy this version for PC . It 's a great value and delivers much more entertainment than , say , three genre DVDs.I literally put down the great `` Burnout 3
 I 've enjoyed the quirky humor of previous Larry games , and I 've followed them long enough that I 've become nostalgic . So I was oddly happy to know that another Larry was coming along . This is a different Larry , because this is the first Larry that is n't a creation of Al Lowe . -LRB- Check out his web site at AlLowe.com -RRB- . The absence of Lowe adds a political element to some of the commentary
 `` Mother 's Against Video Game Violence '' eh ? And here I was convinced that Norman Bates killed his mom . I crack up when some self-important fool comes online and tells everybody what human nature is `` supposed to be '' . We 're all supposed to pass this game over because miss high-and-mighty mommie dearest is `` against it '' . HA!I belong to a group too . It 's called `` Adult Gamers Against Mothers Who Want Game Manufacturers To Do Their -LRB- bleep -RRB- ing Job For Them . '' Deal with it ; games have ratings for a reason , the same as DVD 's Films and TV shows - control your kids ! Do n't try to cut the grownups out of their fun because of your delicate sensibilities ! Enough said.This is a fun game * for young adults * who have the maturity to put this stuff in it 's proper perspective . I do n't think it 's better than the O.G. Leisure Suit Larry-but I liked it and I think that people who are not familiar with the original LSL games will love it , so sorry mom-I guess you 'll just have to tell your kids what they can and ca n't play until they are old enough to tell you where to get off.I bet it will really tick her off to learn that `` Leisure Suit Larry
 LSL
 As a teenager I would play the original Leisure Suit Larry games -LRB- all of them -RRB- and I loved them . Then I saw this . I could n't believe it . A LSL game in college !!! I love how much this game shows what college is really about . The graphics are great , and the mini-games are fun , especially the beer pong : -RRB- PARENTS BEWARE
 The game has good dialogue and jokes but the game requires a few mini-games to be played over-and-over to succeed at any task . A big flaw is you look more at a mini-game -LRB- directing your swimming sperm around conversation obstacles -RRB- during dialogue than watching the animation . That same game can be used for entertainment because hitting certain obstacles can lead to a very funny conversation . It 's much like to LSL 's of the past but with better graphics . I 'd give it 7 out of 10 , fun but can be annoying .
 I rented Leisure Suit Larry being as it takes about one week to beat while playing one hour a day . This game was a mediocre game and did n't live up to the others . On the PC version you have to download patches online via google for nudity which is the driving force for most people including myself , but there is nudity in the videos . My mom was watching over my back so I often had to go back and watch the videos when she was n't home . But this is a fun game and can be interesting at times , but the minigames are repetitive !! How many times is it fun to toss a quearter in a cup ? But I definitely would n't buy this game , rent it !! And Nigel -LRB- the guy you can buy the nudity from -RRB- is all over the game . A must rent !!
 The xbox communicator is needed to use the xbox live , due to the fact that with it you can give verbal comands to your teamates , talk to everyone in general , and even mute those who annoy you . Plus you can also use it on other games like tom clancy 's rainbow six 3 , in which you can use the xbox communicator to give verbal commands to your teamates . Also if a friend of yours is in california and you are in new york , and you both go live on the same game , then you can talk to him/her directly on the xbox communicator , HELLO FREE LONG DICSTANCE . Also if you want to be kept anonymous or if you have pnemonia and want no one to hear your voice , you can disguise your voice as a robot , a little boy , a low voice , and with some clever programming the voice of darth vader .
 Ok . It may seem silly to write a review of a gaming headset , but I have reasons for doing so . Granted , there are cheaper off-brand headsets available for the XBox -LRB- the Headcom , for example -RRB- . Do n't get them . They are , to a one , flimsy and easily broken . The only headset worth getting is this one . It 's far more durable , with better reception than the knock-offs . With it , you can discuss strategy , trade tips , or just talk trash with other people on XBox live . When playing team-oriented games -- Rainbow Six , for example -- this is a necessity .
 If you have an Xbox , you have to have Xbox Live . If you have Xbox Live , you have to have this headset . It really is that simple . Playing against other gamers is one thing , but being able to chat with them in real time really does bring gaming to the next level . It is an experence on its own.As for durability , I will admit they can break . I had mine for about a year before it finally cracked . But the internal hardware works fine , the only thing that breaks is the clip . You can easily tape it back on with electrical tape and you 'll never know it was broken.PS
 I 'm starting to get really pissed off with these damn headsets . They have a neat design and everything but man they suck ! The first one 's little clip thingy broke so then I went out and bought another . That one worked fine for about 3 months then started shorting out on me . I have to turn the part that connects into the controller receiver to the exact spot to get it to work . It then got so bad that I had to use 2 hands at all times to just talk to someone -LRB- holding the cable a certain way and pressing it firmly into the receiver -RRB- . I then decided enough and switched back to my broken one . With some tape it looked , almost as good as new . It worked for about a week then the same problem began occuring . The POS started shorting out and would n't would n't work with out some force applied onto it . It is so bad now that I ca n't even communicate to my friends in a game . I am forced to go out and spend 30 more dollars on another one of these pieces of crap now , since the other cheapass headsets make you sound retarded on Live . I guess I should get used to buying a new headsest every few months at this rate . I mean come on , if I 'm gon na spend 30 bucks on your stupid product , at least make it worth it ... * Sigh * ... All done ranting ...
 Okay , well first off this product was very cheaply manufactured . So unless you 're extremely careful it 'll most likely brake on you . Another thing I noticed is that whenever I play online I always get ` dude , your mic is lagging ' or ` fix your headset ' from my fellow online gamers . Then I have to unplugg it and blow on it for it to work better . In my opinion you 're better off buying a third-party headset because the XBox one is very cheaply manufactured . Definetly NOT worth $ 30.00 .
 This works very well . It sends and receives sound well , but does have a problem breaking in one weak area . If your careful there should be no problem .
 This product is good for a while until the connecter breaks and then some people go out and buy another headset and other people use glue and tape , but all i do is take the communicater part that broke off and slide it under the left ear -LRB- the actual thing that goes around your head -RRB- and then snap it back in place . Yea , it does n't stay on your head great , but it does work and thats the way I use it . The only thing that I found that I dont like is that the communicater goes bad after a while . First I have to adjust the cord just right and then after a month of that , it does n't work anymore . This is a good headset for about 6 months till the connection finally breaks
 I have had mine for four months and nothing has gone wrong . All my friends have complained about their head sets from other companies , but this one works really well .
 Yea its fragile , but your not supposed to be throwing it on the ground . LOOK WHERE YOU STEP ! It doesnt have to be heavy duty for something your gon na be keeping at home and that your not gon na be moving at the same time . The only problem i have with this is that it sometimes gets tangled with the controller cable .
 I was looking to replace my broken Xbox 360 headset which lasted me quite a while to be honest.I wanted to order a new headset online as I was sure I could save money compared to in-store prices . I looked around and found this set for a total of about $ 7 . After looking at the volume control -LRB- attachment -RRB- I realized this headset was for the original Xbox and not the Xbox 360 . When buying , I was looking quickly and just saw the seller as Microsoft and a genuine Microsoft product ... did n't even realize they still had original , first Xbox merchandise for sale.Anyways , I left the volume attachment in the bag and plugged in the wire directly into the Xbox 360 controller . It worked . Even though I ca n't control the volume any longer -LRB- since the headset is for the first Xbox and the attachment does n't fit -RRB- , the sound seems clear and just right.Can ' t control the volume on the headset , but it works great with the Xbox 360 . No need to return it , specially for the price .
 I 'm usually skeptic about voice accessories for game consoles . They have a reputation of being overly styled , cumbersome and just uncomfortable . Several products -- including the originalXbox Headset with Communicator -- lived up to these expectations with depressing regularity.Even the so-called `` elite '' headsets , likeXbox Plantronics Gamecon Halo 2 Headset Communicator , do n't really do it for me . I do n't know about you , but I ca n't really stand anything that goes into the ear . -LRB- ick ! -RRB- I had given up on mainstream voice hardware , but then I saw this modelXbox Headset with Communicatorand decided to give it a try . The price is reasonable enough to justify a trial use.To my amazement , it 's incredibly comfortable . The microphone is actually shrouded in foam -LRB- to muffle those staccato P 's and T 's when speaking in the heat of battle -RRB- and the behind-the-neck design is no more uncomfortable than a heavy-duty pair of sunglasses . -LRB- just do n't try to lean back in your chair -RRB- As an insightful bit of design , the neck-piece is a masterpiece . Each side has a soft-rubber strip that gently rests on the backs of the ears . The neck-band is rigid and comfortably grasps the sides of the head . These two features combined make this headgear on-par with my studio-quality stereo headphones in terms of comfort.The controller adapter is standard Microsoft specifications and features a ` mute ' button right on the front , so you can easily talk to someone in the room as you would to someone online . Volume control is on the top and just as accessible.Add to these the ability to switch the earpiece and boom -LRB- detachable -RRB- to the left or the right of the neck-band , and you have a solid performer . Looks cool , too ... it has the ` old-school ' charm of the original Xbox , but in a headset that 's also compatible with the Xbox 360 ; A good find !
 Great sound quality . Microphone is very smooth and adjustable . At first you ca n't even really feel it , but after an hour or two of gameplay it get 's a little uncomfortable around the ear . I have a big head and it fits a little tight so that 's probably why . Be gentle so as not to crack the ear piece connector . If you have no headset , you have to get this one first anyway because it is the only headset-set that comes with the device that plugs into your controller as far as I know .
 This was a great item . My son loves to use it while playing on his x box . It is very convient to have hands free game playing . I would difinitely recomend this item
 OK , you may be inclined to ignore my advice because of my lack of gaming experience , but that will soon change , due exclusively to my experience with Bugdom 2 -LRB- on the Mac -RRB- . The first thing that drags you in is the graphics . The characters are all creative and engaging , and the levels are unique and lush , and just invite exploring.The 2nd most important thing for this 42yo was the skill requirements . I have tried to play so many other games , but fail so miserably at the start that there is no point in continuing . The first level here is moderately challenging for the 1st-time gamer , and the rate of acceleration of your skills as a gamer is paced EXTREMELY well , so that levels that would seem impossible before you stated playing , all seem just as challenging as the last , due to your improvement.In terms of game analysis , here is what worked for me that seems different from other games -1 -RRB- not sci fi or fantasy - engaging characters and environments , but no blood or gore . No overly complex storyline to get in the way of game play .2 -RRB- limited repertoire of `` moves '' never challenges coordination of 29 buttons more than the mind ,3 -RRB- linear game play allows some exploration but never lets you lose the trail or sit there bewildered like I did during my 1st -LRB- and LAST -RRB- 30 minutes of Myst.Because of this game , I have spent hundreds of $ $ trying to replicate the Bugdom 2 experience , via other Pangea games -LRB- Otto Matic , Bugdom 1 -RRB- other `` 3D Platformer '' games -LRB- that 's what this genre is -RRB- for computer , and a host of used games for my new GameCube.Bugdom 2 is in a class by itself , and the number of 1st-time gamers who have rated this game so highly should be a sign to game developers that there is a whole audience out here who would buy more games if they actually made games for us , instead of Mortal Combat IXX , Resident Evil VII and Unreal Tournament MCCXIXMCC
 Great game ! I love the story line , and from playing the 1st game , I became obsessed with insects and went ballistic when I found out that they were making a sequal . This one is n't as fun as the first game because it 's not challenging enough , but I like it just as much .
 No instructions and the character is uncontrolable , after an initial interest my son does n't play this at all nowadays . While Bugdom 1 was an all time winner i dont understand why the people who make this game have made a huge error and the game does not present a challange to a kid or an adult.It 's not the sellers fault at all . Seller has been excellant and delivered in time and in very good packaging !
 The Special Forces pack is a really great deal . You get 3 great classic and addictive games all for just $ 9.99 ! Now im going to talk about the games it includes.Delta Force : An amazing FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- that started the genre . Play as an elite commando to fight terrorism across three continents . Use advanced weaponry to defeat the terrorist scum enemy such as M4A1 rifle , MP5 silenced sub machine gun , or M40A1 sniper rifle . Move your character thru the large environments . Includes free NovaWorld online play , which is okay.Rainbow Six : Based off of the popular Tom Clancy novel , command an elite fighting force to take down terrorists . Assign each team member personalized gear with state of the art weaponry , and plan your assault on the enemy . Great game and a must have.Shadow Force
 all of the games in my pack are perfect !!! the only one i have a problem with is simgolf !! i love playing it a little warning though : simgolf is EXTREMELYaddictive !!! i had to tear myself away from it and when i shut it down it takes FOREVER to just turn it off !! the others have no problems at all they shut down perfectly and sim themeparkis beutiful ! i especcially like how the people can flock and herd themselves into your camera !! they look like they 're about to run you down when your still standing up !!! and simgolf is great to particularely the people and the courses !! the people are fascinating to watch how they 're playing golf ! they actually hit the ball and unlike other simgames they walk around eachother !! and they 're comments are interesting too some of them will cuss about the courses they 'll say `` this course stinks '' only with another word .
 These games are so much fun !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That 's all there is to say ... Just wonderful . And very creative - they think of EVERYTHING !!!!!!!!!!!
 These games are awesome . -LRB- Exept SIM Golf , but just SIM Theme Park is worth buying ! -RRB- Here 's some details about these games in my own words : Sim Theme Park : Create your own theme park and ride it with SIM Theme Park ! -LRB- My favorite game/I recommend it for first-time SIM users / Stars = 5 + -RRB- Sim Coaster : Similar to SIM Theme Park . In this game , you create roller coasters and ride them ! -LRB- I recommend it for SIM users with a little bit of experience / Stars = 4 -RRB- Sim City 3000 : Create and manage your very own city with Sim City 3000 . Build schools , police stations , and even destroy buildings ! Build famous landmarks like the Statue of liberty , White House , etc.It 's all up to you with Sim City 3000 ! -LRB- Bad Graphics/Good Audio , hours of entertainment/I Recommended it for TEENS -LRB- at least 16-18 years of age -RRB- - ADULT USERS because of complicated stuff like loans , financing , etc. / Stars = 31/2 -RRB- Sim Golf : With SIM golf , you can build 18-hole golf parks . -LRB- This game is the HARDEST of all to understand . / Game involves gambling / I Recommended it for Adult users only . / gets boring / Stars = 2 -RRB- Get this great deal today ! You wo n't regret it !
 I had a lot of fun playing this game !! For people who like this kind of game it 's worth it !!
 This game puts you in an episode of L&O. ; The actors voices are used , the script is great and the game flow is good . This is the best of the L&O ; game series.They took out the timing criteria from the previous games so now you can take your time and investigate every clue . Less bugs . More enjoyable . Get the game !
 A good job , and a lot of fun . These games just get better and better!Game play is smooth and intelligent , except for the irritatingly small number of saved game slots . Writing and acting are both topnotch , with three of the actors from the series doing voice work . Graphics are good and have improved dramatically , to the point where the characters ' expressions match the emotion in their voices . Puzzles are mostly well-integrated into the plot ; a few are a little unlikely , but since none of the puzzles are too difficult , I 'm not going to fuss.The time and space constraints that made the first two games so frustrating are completely gone , and you no longer have to choose whether you want to be smart or fast because you ca n't be both . It 's really refreshing to see a game series that takes out the bad and leaves the good stuff -- thanks , guys!Well worth your time whether you 're a fan of the show or not .
 I have been playing adveture games for years and was a big fan of the Law and Order show when the first of these games came out and was really impressed by that game . Of course there were some kinks , which is why I like this game the best in the series.Just like the first two games , this new one does a great job of capturing the feeling of the show . The graphics are realistic and I loved that they use the voices of the actors on the show for the characters . It makes you feel like your in one of the episodes . I just wish they had used Sam Waterson 's character . It took me about 14 hours to finish Justice is Served , mostly because there are more puzzles . -LRB- This game seemed longer than the last two . -RRB- I 've played other mystery/detective computer games before , but I think the Law & Order series is the best of the bunch !!
 I played the first two law and order games , and this one is by far my most favorite . The graphics look really good and I got totally wrapped up in the story . I 'm not really into sports -LRB- ... -RRB- Lots of intresting puzzles and there are many creepy suspects , so I had to keep guessing who really did it . The other detective on the show Ed Green is in the game too , so I liked that he was there . I wished it was easier to figure out how to get search and arrest warrants since I got a little stuck a few times . But I figured out there were some hints and I got help ! ;--RRB- . If you like the show you will really have fun getting to solve a case yourself like I did .
 This has got to be one of the best value buys you can get in adventure gaming . Not only do you get the first game as a bonus -LRB- which is of a good length and quite engrossing in itself -RRB- , you also get a very compelling look into the world of women 's professional tennis and the lengths that parents and promoters will go to in a Law and Order setting.This is the 3rd in the series and it is the longest and most challenging so far . This is the first in the series to have actually stumped me in a few locations and for my first subpoena , I had NO idea what I was doing and made the strongest case get thrown out of court since I only included circumstancial evidence!This will take you 10-15 hours , longer if you dont break down and look at a walkthrough . Even challenge aside , you will walk away well satisfied from a well told story and rigorous , and thorough conclusion . Highly recommended , and an amazing value
 I purchased this game on a whim while actually looking for another software package totally unrelated to games . Since I am a major fan of Law and Order , I decided to try it . I waited a week or more before I had time to look at the game and from then on I was hooked . Since them , I have purchased all 3 Law and Order games and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys mystery games . This game was so engrossing that my entire family was playing it with me for hours.There were some places where you could get stuck for hours , but it made it all the more challenging for me . I am going to wait for a few months and play it again to see if I can do better on my score .
 This was the first Law and Order game that I played and I enjoyed it quite a bit . It came with a bonus copy of Law and Order
 The third of three L&O games this one comes with new features such as the ` Tell me about ... ' feature that allows for a broader questioning phase -LRB- like you have person -LRB- or evidance -RRB- on file that you want to know more about you can ask witnesses about it -RRB- , and does away with the detective strength/weaknesses that was part of the early games . This makes for a smooth , fluent entertaining game that gives you the feeling of being inside the TV show . This is the best game of the three as it has quite a few challenging puzzles , more witnesses and less patches to be downloaded -LRB- !! -RRB- The bonus disks of ` Dead on the Money ' work fine if you already have ` Law and Order II
 I was n't a Law & Order fan until about a year and a half ago when I saw the second L&O game on the shelves of Best Buy . I read the back and was intrigued , considering I did n't even know what the show was about . I dropped the $ 30 for it like a bad habbit . IT WAS AWESOME ! After a weekend of no sleep , I beat the game and bought the first L&O game of the internet . I 've waited a long time for them to make a new one and it 's great and worth every pennie !
 Renegade is by far the best game in this pack . It 's made by the same company that made all the other C&C games only that this is their first time doing a First Person Shooter . The other games are good if you like those types of games . Good buy overall .
 Just E&B and Renegade alone is worth the price , when you consider it comes with a free month of EnB , which is worth 12.99 . -LRB- you can download EnB free off of the EA site , but you wont get a free month -RRB- Renegade is the best when playing online , you can drive almost any vehicle from the original C&C , including aircraft.EnB has lots of patches to download , but that only affects modem ppl badly , and you shouldnt be playing MMORPG 's with a modem .
 Halo killer ? Not so much . The games good , I 'm not going to lie , but w/o 4-person multiplayer , the game is severely lacking . Also , not being able to jump , sux .
 I am not really an all out gamer . I had hours of fun with this game - like 225 hours - I finished the game and hope to see a part two . Being stuck in Iraq , this allowed time to get away , always working towards saving humanity - -LRB- just being corney -RRB- . Hope you enjoy the game - worth the $ 20 i spent .
 the beta does have its flaws -LRB- and many of them -RRB- cuz that is what a beta is for ... to fix the problems of the game -LRB- well the online part -RRB- and ofcourse theres going to be lag ... cuz its a beta ... its a early build
 The title says it all , it was a good game , and a good buy ... Not too much else to say .
 The game came arrived in great condition . The game is very challenging even on Easy setting . Each character has different advantages and disadvantage when you play with one of them . If you chose the guy with the big Mini Gun on story mode you will have a lot more guys to fight since he has the biggest gun . If your the girl you will have to sneak around and do some stealth kills etc. . Great gameplay and campaign !
 This shooter is one of the best on the PS2 , in my opinion it 's one of the best FPS 'S out , its pretty lenghty and contains enough flying bullets for you to duck and take out your revenge against the Helghast army , the AI is pretty good and offers a good challenge , my only complaint is how the bodies get caught in the scenery and keep twitching . Buy it !!
 I 've played quite a few FPS in my day . I 'm a huge Medal of Honor fan . This game is as solid as they come . Immersion . I like being drawn in . Ultimately that is a huge part of what games are about and why we play them . I always felt immersed in Killzone . After playing all giant 11 levels with all 4 different characters I was still itchin ' for more.I 've played quite a bit of Halo , solo and 4 on 4 matches , and I 'll say this.Halo is light and bright and shiny and happy . It has a huge , long story that is great , more content than Killzone , great weapons , unmatchable on and offline multiplayer . It does not , however , have the feel Killzone does . Killzone is gritty and dirty and raw , it draws me right into the game with great sounds , music gfx and gameplay . I felt it was the better of the two because of that . Multiplayer was weak , but all PS multiplayer/online stuff is . I 'm more of a solo gamer anyway when I 'm on a console.Bottom line , this is a great game . Buy it , love it , live it . 50 Gold stars from me.The sequel ca n't come fast enough and all the Killzone titles should be released for the PC.That 's all .
 If you 're looking for a good FPS game with great multiplayer and a great campaign mode . It 's a good , quality game .
 the game is awsome ! , it has a great story line -LRB- most fps dont -RRB- , great graphics , great ali and enemy a.i and battles that will blow your mine !
 XBox has HALO , GameCube has Metroid Prime and PS2 has KillZone.HALO and Metroid Prime are better-But this is an ok sci-fi FPS.if you own a PS2-this is worth getting , if you own an XBox should should HAO , and GCN Met . Prime.i like these , but as i ai n`t a huge Sci-Fi FPS fan-i am not a fan of either 3 games-i am fans of three genres : STEALTH GAMES -LRB- Sneak em Up -RRB- : Sneaking up on your enemies is fun ans only best possible on a PS2 , XBox or GCN as you need a good A.I. for the guards-not to be too low and not to be to high.Games / game series in this genre is : Metal Gear , Splinter Cell , Hitman , The Great Escape PLUS MORE.GENERAL WAR GAMES -LRB- Real military -RRB- : Usually First Person Shooters -LRB- FPS -RRB- , but sometimes Third Person Shooters -LRB- 3PS -RRB- too-these games are set on `` Infantry '' and revolve around your soldier moving through levels-filling objectives and killing enemy soldiers along the way.They are set rather in real past wars.Here are the games and games SERIES of this genre , note some of them have a bit of strategy in them : Medal Of Honor , Call Of Duty and Brothers In Arms are the three WWII shooters.ShellShock : Nam 67 and Men Of Valor are VietNam war games.TACTICAL SHOOTER -LRB- real military/paramilitary -RRB- : These are actually half WAR half STEALTH games as they revolve around a group of soldiers doing tasks and killing enemy soldiers along the way.But the difference is you command your squad , and have to sneak around enemy terretory-thus stealth.You also have hardly any chance of surviving a head on attack as the enemy will slaughter you in seconds.popular games and games-SERIES in this genre are : SOCOM , Ghost Recon , Rainbow Six,Counter-Strike and the Conflict series.And also like WAR games they take place in deifferent wars like real non-fiction ones or modern made-up ones-But most Tact-shooters are set in Modern Warfare for some reason.byeea
 As a few other gamers have mentioned , Killzone definately fulfills the urge and intensity of other FPS games while giving you lots of bang for the buck . Not really much for me to complain about on this one ... Good graphics , Fair opponent A.I , Lengthy story with fairly long missions level by level throughout the campaign and great sound effects . Pretty much all essential elements for a good shooter game are included here . Do n't be so picky and just play it !
 I 've had this game for a while , but I have started playing it again , and this gameis awesome . There is a big variety of weapons that you can use , like the Sniper Rifle , which is definitely one of my favorites . The only downside to this game is that you cant drive vehicles . Other than that this game is a must for the PS2 .
 I bought a PS2 a while back , after tiring of it setting on the shelf collecting dust I decided to make a trip down to the local PX to pick up a decent PS2 game . I usually play the GameCube for great games , and XBOX for decent games that do n't come out on GC -LRB- not too many -RRB- . So I picked up Killzone for PS2 ... The rest is history , this game is stellar , it 's everything people tried to say Halo was , but of course was n't . Later I even bought a CAT5 cable and hooked my PS2 to my Router to play online . The online play is off-the-hook ! Highly recommended game , and inexpensive to boot .
 After watching the amazing and epic intro movie to this game i knew I would be in it till the end . I remember watching a lot of commercials for this game , and I remembered thinking that they looked really cool . Then I just noticed this game sitting in the back row in the movie store . First off this games highlights are definately the graphics , sound , and gameplay . This game has a very easy playability . I loved the first level the most , running through the trenches with Hellgast shooting at you and armed to the teeth with guns is awsome . I did n't like how the story of the Hellghast is n't really tolled that much . From what I put together they somehow got really weak from some kind of sickness on their planet . But then all of the males were hooked up to these tubes and put in these suits and they became really strong , and their leader found out that they make a very powerful army . I still do n't know why the Hellghast keep attacking us . Also some of the levels can get a little repeptetive , their just is n't that much stuff that is different throughout the levels . Although that is n't all of them , the opening level , the level in the mall , and in the jungle is pretty damn cool . I love how almost everything is so realistic . Your player even looks down at their gun when they reload , the guns are amazing . Your squad members are also really helpful , I swear this is the first game where a member of my group actually saved my life a couple of times . So besides the shallow story and somewhat repetetive levels this game is the best war game ever made , so far .
 The game itself was good . There were parts of the game that were good and parts that sucked . I bought this game because I wanted to get refreshed for Killzone 2 . They game has it 's glitch , and one that does n't let you finish a level , and the very annoying frame rate problem.The story is cliche but it is an alright one , when you look at the big picture . The guy said the game was like new , but the case had it 's plastic covering ripped in parts so I needed to get a new case . It kept me informed of the Killzone situation !
 i love this game ever since it came out years ago ... nomatter how many times i play it i always enjoy it ...
 game is a couple years old but has the best graphics for its kind for ps2 and i love it ! i recommend this game !
 I purchased this for my husband and am writing this for him . He just loves it and has played it 2 times now . If you like shooter games , then you would like this one . There are some tricky areas where you are made to think instead of shooting , but that makes it more enjoyable to play .
 After having embarked on a massive Exodus to the planet Helghan , the castaways of your home planet Vecta regroup and re-arm with vengeance in mind.It 's up to you and some `` tough as nails '' squadmates to fend off the massive Helghast onslaught of your home planet with the help of some unique and powerful weaponry . You will fight through cities and jungles , mowing down thousands of Helghast troops along the way . From snowy mountains to gritty battlefields and every enemy and weapon , the whole game is eye candy . The action will be over the top , the journey is almost 20 hours long and every turn is raught with peril.So , the real question is can you handle this much fun ? Ignore the nay-sayers and critics and experience one of the greatest battles the playstation community has ever seen . So hurry up and dive in , cause there 's a world that needs saving .
 Killzone is certainly not the halo killer it was hyped to be before its release . It has glitches , some of which add quite a bit of frustration at times , and some of the sound elements were annoying -LRB- helghan soldiers , anyone ? -RRB- I did however love the cut scenes , the characters , the gritty sci-fi art design , the feel of the gameplay , and the fact that it definitely had an appropriate amount of challenging parts . Not too much variety in the gameplay , you basically always move from point A to point B , intercepting and killing helghast soldiers along the way . Sometimes you will activate switches or set charges , but the main task is move and shoot . The guns were n't amazing , but they get the job done and they fit very nicely into the overall concept of the game and its sci-fi backstory . I 'll delve in shortly to give you a preview of whats passed . In the far future , man has colonized at least two other planets . The two we know of in the story are Vekta and Helghan . At some point , a faction of humans splintered off the fray of colonization into Vekta and settled on Helghan . -LRB- they became known as the helghast -RRB- . The helghast established a militaristic totalitarian regime as a means of jumpstarting economic progress on an otherwise bleak and undesirable planet . They attacked Vekta in were subsequently staved off in the `` first helghan war . '' Power struggles have awarded the new hitler knockoff Scolar Visari as the top brass in helghan after the first war , and the story starts off during a second assault on Vekta under the new Visari regime . You take up arms as against the helghast as a captain named Jan Templar . Three other playable characters and tons of killing await you .
 The PlayStation 2 does n't have a big library of first-person shooters . So , efforts like this Killzone are appreciated . It 's a good game overall , though irregular in several aspects . The art direction is solid , and graphic-wise is really polished , with quality textures and particles , but it has some glitches here and there , like the level of detail of some textures getting stuck in low detail , even if you are near of that particular object . The audio is good , with some really nice tunes , but the sound effects and character voices through the game turn out to be a little repetitive . The IA is probably the most annoying thing on this game
 Firstly , let me start off by saying that by no means is this game perfect . That being said , this game is AWESOME ! I 'll simply start with the pros and cons of the game . I have had this game for almost a year and I still play it on a daily basis . It is that much fun . The graphics and the sound is top notch . You actually feel like you are submersed in a very large scale war . Though the gameplay could be better , it is really not that bad , but I will speak on that later . You have two modes , campaign and battlefield , and both are a blast to play , though I find myself constantly and consistently playing the battlefield mode . This is the only FPS I have played where they have bots -LRB- AI -RRB- for you to fight so its like you are playing against 7 to 14 other players ! Unreal ! The online mode is by far the best feature of the game . There is always , I repeat , always someone online playing.Now for the cons , and this is a short list . There is no jump button in this game or a strafe or a dodge for that matter . For those of you who rely on jumping your way out of a jam you are severely out of luck buddy ! The reload is a real pain too , though it is lifelike . Instead of it being just a quick pop and lock your character will actually take the time to look down and see what he is doing . Same thing when throwing grenades , a real pain when you are in the middle of a gunfight . Best solution , aim carefully and reload after every gunfight ! Happy killings !
 This is one of the coolest games ive played and i really ca n't wait for the second one !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Yeah , sometimes the AI is stupid and sometimes the game does n't move as fast as some people would like . But to me , KILLZONE is FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- GOLD . It reminds me of the first TENCHU game . People said it was rough and unpolished , but it turned out to be one of the most amazing gameplay experiences I 've ever had . The TENCHU series went downhill from there with analog controls and never lived up to the original . So do n't wait for the second KILLZONE hoping there will be big improvements . You may be missing out . Do n't listen to professional or jaded Amazon critics . People are just too picky . There are too many game geeks who do n't like certain games because they do n't live up to the expectations of some other game . Be fair . I do n't care if KILLZONE is a HALO killer . IT 'S NOT . And I do n't care if this game pushes the PS2 to the limits of the hardware . IT DOES . To me , it 's all about the gameplay . And I have n't been this immersed in a FPS since playing MEDAL OF HONOR FRONTLINE . THIS GAME SMOKES AND IT LOOKS HEAVY METAL PSYCHO !! BUT BE PREPARED TO DIE A FEW TIMES.I still play FRONTLINE so it took me a little time to get a handle on the controls . All movement for KILLZONE , like RED FACTION , is done via both analog sticks including side-to-side movement , which is actually more intuitive than the shoulder buttons utilized by FRONTLINE . After some practice with the controls all hell broke loose and those Helghast troops were dropping like flies . Occasionally I throw a grenade when I mean to sidestep enemy fire . Oops . One of the BEST features is the SENSITIVITY SETTING for X and Y axis , or up-and-down and side-to-side movement , which can be adjusted ingame in the ADVANCED SETTINGS during PAUSE . When I first started playing I had to set the SENSITIVITY very low , but as my learning curve improved I continued to raise the SENSITIVITY during gameplay . VERY NICE . ADVANCED SETTINGS are not in the MAIN MENU and are not fully explained in the MANUAL . For example
 I along with probably 10 thousand others are beta testing this game right now , and I 'm here to tell you it kicks butt . It 's been dubbed the `` Halo-Killer '' , but that name does n't do it justice . It 's simply not comparable to Halo . Killzone is a FPS , which I 'm sure you already know the storyline so I wo n't get into that . The weapons range from regular handguns to machine guns to missle launchers . When you fire off any of these there 's this realism to it , the sound , the kick of the gun , it 's just brilliant . This game is very gritty . The colors are n't bright and obnoxious , they actually make you feel like you 're in a possible warzone . The control is tight , comparable to other FPS.The one thing me and many others have commented about already is how severly addictive this game is . Get online , join an ISA team or Helghast team and just try to put the controller down . Wether you 're in a deathmatch or another form of play , you simply ca n't stop playing . So good . I 'll definitely pick this up when it comes for PS2 , and I advise you do the same if your a FPS gamer .
 well I 've been reading up on this game for six months now and its definatley not the disappointment from guerrilla that shellshock '67 was ... I think some of the reviews for this game need to relax and do n't think there should even be a comparison to Halo ... its like comparing Halo with a game like Red Faction ... yeah they 're futuristic but this game is far from being as mechanized ... and if you go out and rent this and are n't impressed I do n't know what to say ... if there are limitiations to the game its due to the platform and what they have to work with ... I am a huge fan of the early Medal of Honor series and all of the Socom series and if you like those you will love this game ... it is dark and definatley gritty , the AI at times is a bit lazy but they can also be very tricky , they will regroup and attack you on both flanks if your not careful ... I picked up the game last night and by the end of the night my teeth were grinding from all the lead I had been pulling .
 Having seen the average reviews in the various game magazines -LRB- both on-line and in print -RRB- , I was not expecting too much , though I felt compelled to check it out because of the incredible art design that was evident in the demo . I was led to believe that this game occasionally looked pretty good , but the game-play was pretty standard as far as FPS 's go . I 'm in my mid-thirties , and started playing FPS 's when Castle Wolfenstein came out so many years ago . Having only played a little of both Halo and Halo 2 -LRB- both of which do not particularly interest me -RRB- , I ca n't make a fair comparison , so I wo n't bother . I only played the game on `` Hard '' , and I recommend turning off `` auto-reload '' in your options . I did not play Killzone long enough on-line to make a fair assessment , so I 'll only cover the single-player game.To begin , the art design is simply incredible , and is easily among the best that I 've ever seen in a game . The level of detail is simply astounding , and the rich environments really create a sense of time and place . It seems that an awful lot of effort was put into thinking about how everything in the environment has a logical place in this virtual universe . On the downside , the presentation of this environment is marred by an unsteady frame-rate -LRB- 10-15 fps as a guess in some cases -RRB- and plenty of fogging - neither of which significantly affect the game-play . I found the game-play to be rather innovative precisely because of two things
 This was unexpected . I had been reading about this game for some time , and I did n't know it was coming out before the end of the year . Now I also have a xbox and yes I did pick up halo 2 . I was a bit upset with halo 2 . It did n't feel like much was changed . I pay a lot of attention to the story of the game , and halo 2 was a little bit of a repeat . With killzone I got what I was looking for . There are frantic fights on every level of this game . A lot of skill and patience are needed . Each playable character -LRB- 4 total -RRB- has a different style . One is the basic soldier . The only woman is good with percision and accuracy . Another is a crazy all-out-war nut with high powered wepons that rip through the enemys , and the last is a spy that use the enemys wepons with higher accuracy . All in all , I love this game . I dont have a network adapter , so I ca n't participate in the online experience , But another thing this game has that halo does n't is the ability to play bots , or A.I. so if you want to play one of the many multiplayer games , you dont need to have another person . Just play it . You 'll see what I 'm talking about
 Killzone is a futuristic first person shooter , where you are defending the civilized world from an attack of angry mutant rebels.This is very mmuch a combinations of WW2 trench warfare combined with spaceships and advanced weaponry . You start out in a brown-grey combat zone , hiding behind bunkers and shooting away at the incoming attackers . The game does a good job of really immersing you in this world . The sounds of war are all around you , the moke and blasts obscure your vision . You duck down as you reload , and your hands shake as you shoot . Bullets actually hurt you , compared to games where you seem to have a Terminator-like ability to absorb barrages without harm.Your environment has a good eye to detail - and is about as detailed as the PS2 can handle . Bushes have leaves , barbed wire has spikes . The people you meet really do seem like realistic individuals . The smoke clouds and fog are quite impressive . Yes , it 's not photo-realistic , but you quickly get drawn into the world that surrounds you.The AI is reasonably good . Sure , the characters make some stupid decisions sometimes , but people do that in real life too . If the computer actually played every enemy as a top-notch super intelligent , super fast being , humans would rarely have a chance to win :-RRB- If your side was full of super-strategic people , why would they need you ? Even with their faults , your squadmates each have their own strengths and weaknesses and it 's up to you to deploy them properly.There are a ton of details in the game . When you climb a ladder , you can actually look around from where you are and it feels like you are at that spot . When you reload , you actually look down at what you are doing.For those looking for a quick-fix arcade blaster , this game might not be a great fit . It is grey and dingy , not bright and colorful . Aiming takes skill , not button mashing . You have to be strategic and look for appropriate cover to take out your enemy , you typically ca n't just run-and-blast and expect to survive . Also , the language is pretty foul . These are hard core soldiers who are n't very PC.But if you 're willing to put in the time and build up your skills , and if you 're looking for a serious combat simulation that rewards patience and planning , you really should give Killzone a try . I know many people who are completely addicted !
 I can not belive the reviews this is getting . its the best shooter out there to me , along with Halo 2 . The US is an xbox country , but just because a game tried to stand up to halo doesnt mean that everyone needs to rip on it without playing it , or just playing the demo -LRB- which i hear is sucky -RRB- RENT THE GAME AT BLOCK BUSTER OR SOMEWHERE ELSE . Thats what i did , and it was worth every god damn penny . for my review i list pros and consCons-The game isnt the gigantic war i expected.-AI can be sloppy,-your team mates do kill people , but stay back sometimes doing nothing until you go out farther into the battle-sometimes there are glitches , but not oftenPros-The game is really kick ass with enough action to leave you trembling-there are no plasma gay rays or ion cannons , there are loud , gritty bullet loading guns that kick serious ass-The AI can actually can get pretty good if you set the game on hard mode . I actually stopped and thought , `` wow , why dont other games have AI like this ? '' They move in on you as a team , and also provide covering fire , and if you shoot at them they try to take cover as best they can.-The game is MUCH more realistic than halo , you get a sense of war and tragedy when you walk through the levels-The graphics are the best ive seen in the november game season so far.-the sound is INCREDIBLEMost people who played the demo have reviewed this game , but i bought it and its great . dont let all the bad reviews mislead you , rent it , check it out , and decide . Halo is fun , but to me , its xbox 's only game , PS2 has Socom , Metal Gear , GTA , KillZone , and many other games that are really good , all the xbox fans who are writing bad reviews can just go back to the colorful midget alien shooter hole they call halo .
 Considering this is called a Halo-killer by people who never even played the game before it came out , I 'll start by reviewing both games , starting with Halo 2 . Halo 2 was a letdown in many ways
 Be sure to understand that Killzone is not a Halo clone . Killzone is about a handful of average soldiers being forced into working as a team as they fight through a war-torn world , often engaging in street warfare just to get to the next location.The game begins after the Helghan invasion of of Vetka . ISA forces have been vainly in heavy combat on Vetka , but the powerful Helghan forces has left a brutal impact on the populace . The game begins with the players taking on the role of Captain Jan Templar , who fights his way back to where General Vaughton is stationed . The General sends Templar on a mission to rescue a spy , and during the process of said mission , Templar picks up three additional playable team members . From this point , this mini-squad must take on missions in reaction to the events that play out in the story.Over the first few areas , you 're only in control of the standard trooper , Templar , but as you pick up more allies , you 'll get your choice of team member at the beginning of each mission . The four team members play differently and have various bonuses and detriments . Luger has heat vision , Hakha can sneak up on Helghast , while Rico is the all around heavy gunner who can take additional punishment . The action in Killzone is broken up into levels , which are further separated into sublevels . While each level features the occasional checkpoint , players can only save at the end of each stage . Rather than a seamless gameworld , Killzone 's stages are broken up by lengthy load screens.The core gameplay of Killzone is your standard FPS fare , though you will find more of the game will be spent fighting behind cover to minimize your damage . A lot of running from cover to cover should be expected . To this effect , you have a sprint button that will lower your weapon and allow you to run a short distance . You 'll have primary and secondary fire -LRB- on most weapons -RRB- and even grenades to your disposal . If you get in close , you can perform a melee attack to disarm and take out your opponent.While there is no ability to jump , you will find the occasional barrier that you can leap over . Along your path , you 'll often find gun and cannon emplacements . With the tap of a button , you can use that firepower to your own . But , considering the legions of Helghast that come after you , the most heavy ammo you can drop , the better.While Killzone does feature a variety of weapons , there is some imbalance in terms of stopping power . With only three weapons a player can have on hand , it wo n't take long for players to figure out what they should keep on hand . The assault rifle is pretty solid , but never has enough ammo . On the other hand , the Helghast assault rifle takes way too many bullets to drop an enemy . The shotgun has a long reload time , which almost negates it 's usefulness . Of course , there 's heavy ordinance to be found and abused , including grenade launchers and a rocket launcher.Along with the main story are both online and standard multiplayer modes . Both provide extra enjoyment , but are dependent on the quality of your opponents . Fortunately , there 's more of an arcade-like element to the multiplayer , allows for faster , more furious gunbattles . Of course , you can always try to play it more like the story missions , but with so many good weapons being spawned , why bother?Visually , Killzone has a wonderful art direction that works to deliver a solid and believable gameworld . The Helghast are successfully presented as an intimidating Nazi/Jin-Roh hybrid that the player must push on through . The game world does a fine job at setting up real world locations , whether they be war ravaged streets , a park , a swamp or soldier-infested docks . Levels are laid out in such a way that most of the scenarios provide both challenge and a certain level of intensity . From a technical standpoint , though , Killzone is pushing the PS2 for all it can get and still could use more power . While there is a lot of minor details , the limited color palette and repetitive and low-res textures wash out many locations and even leave some areas feeling quite repetitive . You 'll also find a serious lack of enemy variety will leave you feeling like you 're killing the same foes over and over again . I have to wonder if Killzone was on a brawnier unit , would the levels have more visual detail and larger ? Would there be more enemy types and would the draw distance be longer?The audio portion proves to be a solid augment to the visual portion . Music is nicely done and works with the futuristic military theme of the story . Sound effects have a good bit of variety and range , especially in the gun sounds and explosions . In the story sequences , the voice cast -LRB- including Kal Webber , Tom Clarke Hill and Brian Cox -RRB- does a good job with the script they 're given . During gameplay , though , their comments are limited and can get old pretty fast . Even worse is that the Helghast have even fewer comments , so killing them by the score is n't made better by the the repetitious comments.Is Killzone a bad game ? Not really . There is certainly a good time to be had here , but it really depends on what you have available to you . If you have access to a PC or Xbox , Killzone pales in comparison to other titles already available . If all you have is a PS2 , then Killzone is likely one of the best games the genre will offer you right now . With a little more power for the engine and more refinement , this could have been a great game , but there is still a good time to be had here .
 I was a skeptic about the hype of Killzones `` Halo Killer '' campaign . But I can see why . Killzone has very realistic gameplay -LRB- It would have been niceto jump -RRB- With dust , Debree and jaw dropping effects.The AI of the game wasnt quite as advanced as the legendary Halos though , as in level 3 I would always see the same pattern so I would draw it out to see what would happen . This game was suprisingly Dark , unlike Halo , This game really got me juming with enemies popping up from out of nowhere , and just staring into those yellow eyes in the darkness , I only got this feeling on the `` Sacred Icon and `` Oracle '' levels of Halo 2 and `` The Maw '' of the classic Halo.Killzone is a war game of a diffrent breed , t is to be respected , even if it isnt quite the '' Halo killer '' it said it was .
 Killzone is an awesome game that Im glad I bought . If your reading reviews on major game sites like `` gamespot '' then disregard them . Gamespot is known for reviewing games based on their feelings , not the actual game . Also Gamespot is payed big bucks by Microsoft to glamourize Halo and downplay Killzone . But dont let that stop you from enjoying Killzone which is a kick-butt game for the PS2.Killzone definately feels like a battlezone . The wind blowing in the background , the grey skies , the war torn fields , just explain that this is a warzone , not some colorful green play land -LRB- like Halo -RRB- . I havent played too much of the single-player , but Ive put about 6 + hours into playing online . If your into deathmatch games , then dont even bother reading reviews about Killzone to determine whether you wan na buy it or not ... JUST GET UP AND GO TO THE STORE NOW ! Killzone is an excellent online game if your into deathmatch type of stuff.The weapons also seem like actual weapons . Guns actually feel heavy , and nasty . Unlike the plastic cap guns that plague Halo , the weapons in Killzone actually feel like big pieces of equipment that fire good old fashioned lead . Also some of the weapons are very unique -LRB- triple barrelled rocket launcher anyone ? -RRB- . Overall this is an excellent game if your a PS2 owner and your looking for a first person shooter to play . Also if you have PS2 Online -LRB- Broadband -RRB- and love deathmatch games , then no questions about it , get your butt to the store and pick up this game ! See ya in the KillZone !
 This game is by far the best FPS that i have ever played . And after being forced to play the overrated game halo , I can say that it is the halo killer.The gun selection is very nicely varied so you can play how you want to , the graphics and particle-effects bring out the best in the PS2 's Emotion chip -LRB- best of all it doesnt have that glossy look that halo has -RRB- Killzone looks and feels as though you are there , And thats what makes good gameplay and graphics .
 It arrived on time , it was packaged perfect for the product , it was in great shape and we enjoy it .
 Cd came fast it was not bad for being a use game need to replaced the old one i have .
 Great game ! Lots of action , and the software written into the game actually seems to learn your moves after time . Be ready to think fast and move faster !
 This is the first installment of the Killzone franchise and ive been into Killzone since the first one . I dont know why people reviewed this game as a three star and horrible . The whole thing about the game bieng laggy and the AI 's bieng random is all a lie . The AI 's are wonderful . You never know what to expect . The multiplayer is very fun . I stayed up last night till two in the morning playing this and i currently have 3 copies of it just in case lol .
 yes , i said it , halo 2 killer . the game play -LRB- u have a choice between 4 characters with different abilitys and weapons -RRB- , the graphics -LRB- absolutly beautiful -RRB- , the sound -LRB- good enough for me -RRB- , all 5 stars . some problems with invisible walls , but it did n't bother me . i can see the the PS2 pulling away from the competion -LRB- X-BOX -RRB- with games like killzone . the PS2 has such a gigantic library of tiles and the games seem to be getting better , the graphics for killzone are breath taking and incredible . the PS2 is pushing the envelope and raising the standards , i see the X-BOX going the way of the DREAMCAST . MICROSOFT must be losing sleep over the KILLZONE game . killzone makes the first HALO -LRB- reminds me of PERFECT DARK fps -RRB- look like it could belong to the NINTENDO gentra . if u have an X-BOX , sell it , and get yourself a PS2 along with this game , it is truely amazing . people who give this game a bad review should try playing it first!PS ... u CAN use the anti-aircraft guns ! SWEET
 This is the Halo Killer because Killzone is better than Halo 2 . Xbox is jelousy of ps2 because it is better . SOG 4 Life
 well looks like xbox will have to face a new challenge with killzone and which halo will lose because the game is so realistic and who cares if you ca n't jump and when a person who loves halo and plays this game they will not be able to jmp well to bad you need to learn ok in war you will never jump or you ass will get killed so in this game you will have to use the objects to protect you and which i have done the impossible in the game world becuz i have turned 10 halo 1 and 2 fans into KILLZONE fans beat that halo or xbox looks like ps2 will kill xbox with killzone so get the game oh you will be scared becuz the halgust will be every were so dont get scared becuz the will kill you fast so get KILLZONE
 THE BEST GAME EVER PLAYED ! THIS GAME IS THE BOMB . I LOVEEVERYTHING ABOUT IT ! THERE 'S NOTHING I DO N'T LIKE ABOUT IT ... IT 'S AWESOME .
 I reviewed this game back in '04 you might have seen it IT SUCKS !!! IT SUCKS !!! IT REALLY REALLY SUCKS !!! well anyway i played it a secund time and well ... I changed my mind .1 . STORYLINE futuristic war where gas-mask-wearin Helgast Invade good guy ISA 's territory and a huge war erupts yeah blah blah same old same old ... anyway storyline 's not so shakey .2 . GRAPHICS Well ... where do i begin with the graphics oh ... yeah ... umm ... they suck ehehe ... 3 . SOUND Muffuled , the Helgast sound like British guys and well , dammit I like the brits .4 . CHARACTER DESIGN Its pretty good except for one thing I just ca n't figure out ... . why IS EVERYONE BALD !!!! G0D !!! its like they 've all gone through kemo-theropy or are they all just goin for the shaved swimmer look JEEZ !!! ok ... ok ... calm down `` sigh '' . ok .5 . ENVIROMENT The only thing I dont like about 'em is that their too dark and ... gothicy .6 . WEAPONS Now here is were the game kinda shines , the guns look cool and futuristic and have some niiiice firing options but , there is a down side to 'em THE RELOAD TIMES ARE SOOOO LONG AND CINIMATIC !!! Well over all if u like FPS mabe you should tri it .
 I 'M TIRED OF HEARING THAT THIS IS NOT A HALO KILLER . APART FROM BEING BOTH FPS 's , THERE LITTLE SIMILARITY BETWEEN THE TWO ... IN TERMS OF LOOKS AND GAMEPLAY . KILLZONE IS GRITTY & REALISTIC IN GRAPHICS , SOUND AND WEAPONRY -LRB- THERE ARE NO LASERS HERE . -RRB- CONTROLS ARE SPOT ON , ENEMIES ARE TOUGH AND MAKE USE OF COVER AND SUPRESSIVE FIRE TO MAKE YOU THINK B/4 RUNNING AND GUNNING , AND RELOAD TIME IS ADEQUATE -LRB- 3-4 SECS -RRB- . HOW LONG DO YOU THINK IT 'LL TAKE U TO CHANGE MAGS FOR AN M60 IN REAL LIFE ? ... UPWARDS OF 10 SECS . THE FOCUS HERE IS REALISM , PEOPLE . I AGREE , THERE COULD BE MORE GAMEPLAY OPTIONS SUCH AS VEHICLES , CO-OP MODE AND MAYBE EVEN AIRCRAFT FOR BOMBING RAIDS , BUT THAT 'S SOMETHING FOR `` KILLZONE 2 '' . THE PS2 WAS PUSHED 2 THE LIMIT FOR THIS ONE , HENCE SOME NPC TWITCH . EVEN BUNGIE LEARNED FROM MISTAKES OF THE ORIGINAL HALO . THIS GAME IS NOT 4 YOU IF U WENT WITH THE HYPE AND LISTENED TO PEOPLE WHO KNOW NOTHING ABOUT GAMES -LRB- TOMMY TALLARICO -RRB- . IT 'S FOR PRO FPS PLAYERS AND FANS OF THE GENRE WILL APPRECIATE GUERILLA 'S EFFORT . WE WAIT FOR KILLZONE 2 ON THE PS3 THIS TIME .
 I only played it once , but it was cool ! You have to play this game . It is short , but who cares ? It is much better than Far Cry . -LSB- if have played far cry -RSB- . So by this game today !!
 Dude dont freakin rip on the damn game if you havent even played it thoroughly yet its been out for a day and dont compare it to a beta because they fix it after that so dont be a fag
 I am a thirteen year old who just pre-ordered Killzone and recieved a demo of it . All I can say is that it is awesome . The graphics are amazing and already beat out anything on X-Box . The gameplay is superb and extraordinarily intense . The Helghast 's A.I. is the best I 've ever seen . Buy this game , it 's an insant classic .
 I think this Game is suppose to be better and I was reading about this game in a magazine once and This is suppose to bea great game for the PS2 for those who are fans of First Person Shooter Games and What read in the magazine once they where trying to see which FPS Game is better Either Halo 2 , Metroid Prime 2 Echoes , or Killzone . So I think Killzone is better than Halo 2 and Metroid and This is all I have to say .
 Thats right im a kid playing killzone eheheh ... -LRB- its not really that violent -RRB- yeah well this game is pretty good ive been playing 4 about two weeks now and about three days ago i deiceded i was ready to try some online play i set it to be 4 against me at first all i had was the basic isa rifle and i was having to run away alot -LRB- but i was wounding them -RRB- but once i got my hands on a sniper rifle ha ... ha . . i got em all -LRB- but i did take some fire -RRB- and from what i heard em saying on there head sets that they bareley saw me eheheh . . wich brings me to the the weapons the isa rifle is good at long ranges with the greanade launchers but i prefer the halghast main assult rifle that shotgun shell has come in handy many many times there are more weapons but i cant name them all u DONT want to be playing against a vetran player with a sniper rifle a shot gun and the mighty sqaud cannon with an rpg round that happened to me once i held out 4 awile with a pistal and the isa rifle but was eventaully beat so i enjoy playing this game off and online so if u have a ps2 u should buy this game oh and i have an x box and halo 1 and 2 and well this is better well or at least kz is better
 Killzone looks like it is going to be a great fps game for ps2.This is the kind of game that weve been waiting for !!! Stunniing graphics , great sound , online , and smart ai ... hey it may even rival halo .
 This game is so freaking awesome , I dont even know where to begin . I mean , I bought this game I 'd say about a year ago off some guy on here for a decent price cuz my friend said that its one of the best games for the PS2 . I was like , w/e , ok and bought it . When I got it , he came over and we started playing the battlefield -LRB- multiplayer -RRB- version of the game and at first I did n't like the controls cuz i was used to cod . After about a week of playing with the bots -LRB- You can basically face computers like Doom and Quake 3 . And I had the controls down and I called him over . I beat him ! I basically no lifed this game for about a month because it was the summer and I friggin love this game . Now , I have beat the campain several times over , but now that I 'm a sophmore , I ca n't always have time to play it . I always find time to though , and it 's wellll worth it , believe me . This game was number 1 i think for like several months at this time , and I and as well as many other people can see why too . I play this game multiplayer with bots with my friends all the time . So much , that i 've had to buy like 2 new controllers because of it . Killzone is one of the funnest games I have ever played and I just hope that I influenced you to go and buy this game , believe me , it 's well worth you 're money.P.S . I really did n't say much about the campaign , but believe me , this game has such an awesome story line , you 'll want to play it on every difficullty and over and over again . HOPE I HELPED .
 its koo . aiming is a little 2 sensitive 4 me . cant wait 2 play k2 !
 Killzone has to be one of the finer first person shooter games of 2004 . It is in my book . You start off as Templar , a Rapid Reaction Force -LRB- RRF -RRB- member , and later on in the game you gain a shadow marshal , an ISA regular , and a field operative , whose names are Luger , Rico , and Hakha . You can choose to play as any one of those four people . Your enemies are the nasty Helghasts . The game does start off kind of slow but it gets better .
 this is probally the best fp shooter i 've played i do n't know about you but i think it is only on the ps2 though i do n't think this is a halo killer but really when number 2 comes out i know it will bye then !!! only thing that sucks is that theres no jumping !!!!!! and the sniper is hard to shoot when its moving soo much but overall its fun the multiplayer is wicked !!! graphics 10/10sound 8.3 / 10gameplay 9.5 / 10overall 9.3 its fun as hell , the graphic are wicked and the gameplay but the sound is alittle off !!!!
 The best FPS game I 've played so far . The battle grounds are AWSOME !!! The weapons in this game do a lot of damage to the enemy and are freakin fun to use . I recommend this game to any FPS fans and war game freaks . The graphics are good but could use some work . Overall this game is pretty sweet . I think that there should be a KillZone II . It probably wo n't be as good as the original but will still be fun .
 this game is awsome . I would highly recomend this to anyone that likes first person shooter games .
 Killzone , the game that was dubbed the Halo-Killer of PS2 . Well let me say it lives up to it . There is very little bad I can say about this game , in fact it 's very nearly perfect.The one thing that took me by suprise was how the game kept giving and did n't just lapse off after the second or third level and then start up again at the end -LRB- Medal of Honour -RRB- . There are plenty of original events that keep happening and you never know what 's going to happen next.On top of this , the graphics are so good it actually beats the Xbox hands down.The entire graphical experience is so gritty and realistic.Even the sounds of the gun 's firing sounds like your firing an actual gun right there in your bedroom.There are no ridiculous bright glowing colours that look more like a disco than a game , or a constant green colour that seems to cover everything because the makers thought it looked cool -LRB- cough Halo 2 cough -RRB- . It 's all well thought out.Having played a variety of FPS now , espeicially given I bought an Xbox last year and they seem to be all they 've got on there , I can tell you that this is the best one you will find . Nothing even comes close , so back off Halo , the new King is crowned .
 killzone is probably the greatest PS2 FPS game ever , only tying with Timesplitters 2 . The graphics are nice and tight . Multiplayer is amazing . 12 players online or 2 player co-op . i dont have a network adaptor so cant play online .
 as if the graphic 's are not enough to make u buy it , ill tell you ... buy it . The single player is even better than online . Ive had this game for about 36 hours ive only slept for 5 , go figure .
 First of all , people need to stop making this game out to be a halo killer . The 2 games are different . Killzone is more realistic than halo . The sounds , enviroment , and control . There are some graphic bugs and some slowdown , but that 's because the game pushed the PS2 to the limit.Some people did n't like the game because of the weapon accuracy . The weapons control and accuracy is realistic , because in real life you ca n't hit the same point over and over again with a machine gun and this is coming from a military guy . The enemy in this game is smart . the hide , regroup and use military tactics on you . If you are a PS2 owner and a FPS fan this game is a must buy .
 I bought this game the day it came out , and well its no halo killer but.The graphic 's are sweat , and the detail is well made.Plus the gameplay is great . I love how its 16 players online and has lots of 2 player modes offline . The reason i gave it a four out of five is ? Its not co-op , thats one reason why its not a halo killer . Another reason is that there are no vehicles , and last reason is its nothing we have n't seen before , and no 4 player offline , but all in all its a well design great ps2 shooter game . you got to play it sometime .
 Are you 2 people sure you were playing Killzone ??? True , although not a Halo Killer -LRB- admitted even by OPM -RRB- , it does n't take much away from the game itself . It 's a great game , with gorgeous graphics . The AI does have some qwerks , although all-in-all the Helghast are tough opponents . If this game is being referred to as anything , it is that it 's what Rising Sun SHOULD have been ! PS2 fan boys tricking the public ?? Haha , I do n't think so . You are the ones tricking the public . Although it could be improved -LRB- name one game that COULD N'T be improved ! -RRB- it is an excellent game that all PS2 owners should at least try out . It 's got a great online mode also . Summin ' it all up , Killzone is NOT a Halo -LRB- or Halo 2 -RRB- killer by any means . The biggest problem is that the engine pushes the PS2 a little to far sometimes . It IS , however , a fun , entertaining game that I HIGHLY recomend checking out . Ignore people that say you will be terribly dissapointed - you wo n't .
 I still am finding it hard to believe this game came out 2004 . I am pretty much reviewing strictly gameplay and online - not the story or comparing it to halo , especially not comparing it to , basing it on or even thinking abouthalo on this review because lets face it halo is a great game but this ... this is of a completely different species of game in fact a rare dying breed . NO HYPE HAS BIASED THIS REVIEW SO REMEMBER THAT ! Now let me start off by saying this game is one of the building blocks for the FPS 's you see now
 I never thought that this would be the Halo killer and I still had fun with it . Some people always tell me they had to shot the badguys 50 times to kill them . I laugh cause I think that they have to be terrible shots I shot at leats 5 to 8 times with the guys and only 1 to 4 with the female . The story was awsome cause it was like WWII in the future on steroids . And the ending og the games was good cause they did not end it with some sappy happy ending like some games do . If you played halo and you think that you will hate this game do n't play it cause it seems that you already made up your mind about hating this game before you played it . But if you did not play halo and you are a FPS shooter junkie than yeah by all means get this game and blast away .
 killzone is just like any other first person shooter -LRB- fps -RRB- . good guys vs. the bad guys . however , killzone throws some things into it that is definitely worth your time . the atmosphere is great , and they have little things that make it seem like you really are in a warzone . for one , you can let a grenade `` cook '' , or hold it in your hand for up to five seconds before it detonates -LRB- i hold mine for 3 , or else it explodes too close to me and i die -RRB- . another thing is that when you run , reload , etc. the camera shakes . nothing big , but it just makes it seem like you are really there in a battle , fighting for your life . it really adds to the experience , and makes the multiplayer f*cking INTENSE . another good thing about killzone is the multiplayer . all the games nowadays all expect the person to be connected to the internet and whatever , but killzone gives you bots to mess around with -LRB- and Sony isnt exactly known for its superb online gaming -RRB- . so if your bored and looking for a game that will last you a good few months -LRB- hell , i was addicted for 5 -RRB- then pick this game up -LRB- and at $ 20 , this is a steal -RRB- . the holiday season is coming up , this is a great gift for any hardcore gamer out there.WARNING
 This game is awesome . Sure it looks a little gray and dull , but what military shooter dose n't these days . -LRB- The Outfit excluded -RRB- Fans of Halo beware though because this game is more realistic . Also , be careful , parents , this game has lots of cursing.PROS
 this is a great game for PS2 owners who cant play Halo , i have halo pc and its hard to tell which is better its a great game though even if u have and xbox and PS2 its worth it
 I first played this game in a OPM demo months ago , and I finnaly got it a few days ago . This game is not a Halo-killer but it may be to some people . I wo n't even get into the story because you probably already heard it . This game has a gritty , reallistic fealing that Halo does n't have . Some people veiw that as bad graphics , i see it a just a different style . All of the guns in Killzone are really cool , some cooler than Halo guns . The AI is also great , ussually . The only problems I saw were my teammates huddled up instead of shooting the enemies . The only oter problems were graphical , the PS2 ca n't make everything perfect at all times , so occasionally you will walk into a completely untextured wall and it will texturize in front of you . Dispite what the kids reveiws say , this game ai n't that tough . Som parts you die at but usually because there 's a guy behind you that you ca n't see . One thing this game has that Halo does n't is awesome reloading and meelee animations . The camera moves around as you stuff a clip into your gun and as you beat the guy 's skull into a pulp . It just feels so real , unlike Halo.Pros : - Gritty , realistic graphics-Awesome guns-Cool story-Great reloading and melee ` sCons : - Occasonal AI glitches-Graphic glitches-A few parts you could get lost at -LRB- until you find a ladder -RRB- Overall this is a great game , one of the best FPS-ers on the PS2 and any system . And that 's coming from someone who owns all systems ans both Halo 's . The only thing this game needs is destructable enviornments . This game should be in the top ten FPS spots , maybe at # 4 ...
 I 've played a bunch of FPS on PS2 starting with Red Faction , Red Faction 2 , Project Snowblind , Star Wars
 This game is a great deal of fun . Having played a ton of FPS ' , this game is easily the best i 've ever seen . When i say i 've played a ton , i mean a ton , Doom 1 and 2 , Marathon 2 when it first came out , Duke Nukem , Medal of Honor for ps1 and ps2 , castle wolfenstein , both old and new , red faction 1 and 2 , and of course , halo , not halo 2 , yet . Anyway , like i said , this game is the best fps i 've played . It is the most realistic shooter on the market . the detail is amazing . you can see so much . if you get close enough to an ISA grunt , you can see the lines of his face , the bump marks on his newly-shaven head , even the grim , `` i-really-don ` t-want-to-be-here-but-i 'll - fight-because-i-have-to '' look on his face . the level design is superb , they are all very unique and offer up many challenges . i love how people complain about no jumping . think about it . let 's assume you weigh around 160 pounds , your armor-suit is another 40 , your multiple guns are probably another 30 combined , more for heavier guns , all your ammo is another 20 . . that 's around 250 pounds !!! try jumping with all that weight , most people just use jumping as a cheap way to dodge bullets anyway . if you ca n't climb over an obstacle in this game , then you either are n't meant to pass it , or there 's an alternate route . the weapons are also great . the accuracy is totally realistic . having spent time on the firing range , i know from personal experience that you do n't always hit the spot you were aiming for . this is n't really because you 're a bad shot , guns just have a certain degree of inaccuracy to them . the hardest gun to us IS the sniper rifle , but it just takes some practice , and you 'll be doing just fine . i had a lot of trouble with it too , having enjoyed the extreme ease of use that sniper rifles in other games had , like red faction and medal of honor , but once you get used to it , it 's a breeze . i love the squad members that you get over the course of the game , each one very distinct in his or her own way . they praise you for headshots , and they put you down for bad accuracy . they are generally a smart bunch , though they do tend to do annoying things , like stand there and get shot when the enemy is hiding behind an obstacle . the enemies are great . i love the way they scream during a gunfight . i never had any problems with this galss wall people talk about , but i did notice that whole face thing . sometimes , your ISA buddies ' faces will be much less deatiled , usually when you turn around to face them , but the game catches up pretty quickly and puts the full detail back in . i also never had a problem with slow frame rates , i 'm not saying the problem is n't there , i most likely did n't notice . that 's another thing , this games really sucks you in , unless you like halo , but your opinion is likely biased because you 're just looking for flaws in the game anyway . it is a shame that there were no vehicles , but i really did n't have a point in the game when i though , '' boy , i could really use a warthog right about now . '' overall , i 'd give it a 9 , very nice , but with a few bugs . none of the bugs really impede gameplay for me , but heay , if i gave it a 10 , i 'd just get yelled at by the halo lovers for giving it the same score they 'd give their favorite , halo . thanks a bunch , and enjoy
 Whether Killzone Beats Halo is your opinion . I , for one , think Killzone blows halo out of the water , and sends halo crying its self to sleep at night . My friend thinks Killzone is a 4 whereas halo is a 5 . Again , whether this game beats halo is for you to decide , and only you . If someone likes Halo more , let them play Halo . If someone likes Killzone more , let them play Killzone . Now , Here is my OPINION . This game is amazing . From the very first encounter with the Helghast , i was i immersed in a world of trouble . The AI of the Helghast is out of this world . They utilize tactics that are used in real world wars . They flank , they nade , they flee , they fire , and it is amazing.Many people have commented on how the sniping in this game is difficult . I have one question for them . How much expierience do they have behind a sniper rifle ? What are they comparing it to ? Socom 2 ? Because i am yet to see a game where sniping is as difficult as it is in reality , and this game is the closest i have ever seen . Socom 2 , and games like that make sniping look like a way to be `` cool '' In reality , you need concealment , Accuracy , precision , A STEADY HAND -LRB- kinda compares to the sniping in killzone doesnt it -RRB- , patience , and perservierence.Everything is authentic about this game . When you fire the gun , you feel the kick , and you see the burst . It is realistic . When you crouch , your entire upper body moves . Try crouching without moving your chest in reality . Dont lie to yourself . When you reload , your aimer moves . Try reloading a gun , and keeping the sites dead on target . Dont lie to yourself.The graphics are amazing . Everything is clear , and precise . I hear people complain about how the details sometimes dont load . This happens occasionaly on character models , and that is it.One thing killzone has that Halo doesnt have it variety . In halo , there is no stealth option . In Killzone , you can be `` Luger '' a stealth assassin . You can be `` Rico '' A Cocky chain-gunner . You can be `` Hahka '' , A wise helghast trator . You can also be `` Templar '' , the leader of the pack , armed with a full armament of ISA assault equipment . Halo has no stealth . It is all the same.The only one thing i dont like about this game is some of the online . Online , you can ONLY play with a server meant for 16 . The maps are small , so this eliminates any tactics , sneaking , stealth , anything is removed . When creating a game , you cant select how many people you want to allow in . This game is best meant for lan partys and alike.The only thing i think games need to be judged on is a buy/dont buy scale , and this game ranks a Buy x 2 . It IS that good .
 I just got a PS2 , I am far behind the times . I got this as a rental , as I was at my inlaws for Christmas , and did n't have anything but my old PS games . I was quite impressed with the story line , graphics , and game play . The weapons are right on , and I love the sound effects -LRB- especially the hollow clink of a gun fired grenade landing close by . nice warning , duck !! -RRB- I have played Halo 2 online recently , I like these weapons much better.But the coup de grace , the multiplayer levels , available offline , but set up as if they were on line . The bots are smart and tough , the levels have all the weapons -LRB- would n't mind being able to select only certain types -RRB- , and you get endless playability from it . The best part of this is , you can make it as easy or tough as you want . So , as you get better , you can make your enemies tougher.Excellent game , I am looking to make this my first buy .
 This game is amazing from start to finish . Does it have problems ? Yes , there are graphical glitches -LRB- few -RRB- but nothing that detracts from the game experience and that is the important thing . The gameplay , story , and cinematic quality are all top notch . The thing that really struck me about it was that the levels got progressively better and better as the game went on , and that 's no small feat considering how good the game starts out . The story impressed me because it 's a very normal story . There 's a few twists , but everything is feasable , you 're not one man trying to stop an alien invasion by yourself . You 're one part of an effort to accomplish a very specific task . I do n't think I 'm giving anything away by saying that the war is not over at the end of the game.I 've had 3 or 4 friends purchase this , and none of them are big FPS fans , but they were blown away by it . I ca n't say enough about this game . Just go out and buy it now and I 'll see you online ! -LRB- BEWARE
 This is the best FPS exclusive to the PS2 that one can buy . By far the best . But is that saying very much?Alright , I know I gave it 4 stars ; that 's because it is a very intense , very addictive game . Also , it has very many positive points , such as its high-speed action , well set atmosphere , and the panic inducing screaming that is always going on.Now this was no Halo killer , for this game had its flaws . The graphics were not up to snuff with the latest PS2 releases , the audio fuzzes out , and the AI is ... well ... not smart.There were a couple of things missing too . Having them would have made the game a bit extra special.The good points
 Killzone has so far been an exciting experience in story mode . The game is very straightforward and the team members operate relatively well alongside you . I love how teamates get picked off in ambushes or in the firefight , and how enemies come from multiple angles of attack , some running and some shooting from behind pillars or boxes . There are some elements that I think could be improved , but for the most part the game is a very good example of a ` war ' experience if you ask me.The atmosphere is incredible . I have n't played other ps2 fps 's but this is the type of atmosphere I like . Postmodern and dank . There is smoke dirt and rubble all over the place and enemies are placed in tactical positions to make a ` killzone ' of advancing ISA and will call in reinforcements if they get shot up even . There are some little thigns I see that I think could be improved but for the most part it all works great.One problem I 've noticed is how the helghast get killed a lot more often than the ISA . I personally think the battles should be fairly even with maybe the helghast overtaking positions instead of ISA taking over all positions in their advance . In reality the ISA in this small a number would not have a prayer against the helgast since the H 's have similar weapons and air superiority and so forth , but this is a video game so I guess they hvae to give the player somewhat of an edge . Another thing I noticed is why does the energy keep getting replenished?This game does seem very realistic . You ca n't jump in the game , but as far as I know the soldiers would carry 50 + pounds of guns + supplies on them so there would be little use in jumping.There are n't any automobiles to use so that kindof sucks , but being in an urban area I guess its harder to move around . One thing I noticed though is that APCs or tanks seem to only shoot machine gun fire . They should definitely shoot some tank rounds too!I dont know why people say this game is only a 6.5 or whatever ... . Maybe the grim atmosphere does n't go over too well with americans , but it 's a very well made game and if they had a couple more months they might 've ironed out all of the kinks in the game but its still very good . I 'd definitely give it a 9 , and the guns are awesome . I have n't played halo but I think this will give halo a run for its money . Its gritty and comes off looking like some sort of anime ' movie about a war , and it ROCKS
 This game is different than other FPS . It 's realistic . If you are part of the crowd that loves the fast-pace , John Wo-style , kangaroo-corp jumping ... this will not be a game for you . If you ca n't stand rockets being used like normal rounds or jumping around to avoid getting hit , you will love this game . If you find HALO cheesy , then you will love this game . Killzone is n't a HALO competitor . It 's a HALO alternative . Personally , I find HALO silly and cartoonish which is why I gave this game such high marks . The focus of this game is capital G grit.FPS all have their basis from Doom/Quake . Because of that , the same tactics that were used -LRB- and over used IMHO -RRB- were utilized and even added on . The end result of this is HALO . A game that while is popular , I feel , has embraced everything negative about FPS . Jump avoidance is not just some trick to do but a manditory part of the game , especially in multi-player . I put HALO under the same auspice of lasertag . If you ever played the new lasertag games , there are those people that dodge their detectors from getting hit instead of themselves . The end result is a person/squad that wins but looks stupid doing so and is an incredibly cheesy way of doing it.Killzone is different . Killzone is a military game . Do n't expect the same things to apply in Killzone as you would from other FPS , like HALO . As others here have said , in-game strategy is necessary . Charging in to a group of enemies is a sure fire way to die instead of a way to impress/shock your opposition with your online agility/button-pushing . If HALO is the lasertag of FPS , Killzone is paintball . Mixing more realism into the game vs being snazzy with flare.So if you love HALO over all other FPS ... you will despise Killzone . It 's OK , not all FPS are the same and the HALO focus is night and day different than Killzone . If you feel that HALO misses the mark of FPS , get Killzone .
 Okay , first and foremost I have not played Halo so I am not going to label KZ as a `` Halo Killer '' . Here is what I like
 Well , I realize this game is certainly dated for a number of reasons , but I 'm still going to review it fairly based on the year it came out and the dated PS2 platform.I did n't get in to the Killzone series until Killzone 2 . It was such a breath of fresh air in the exhausted FPS genre that I had to go back to its roots . The original Killzone is just as wonderful ! While it certainly is focused around being a gun-toting soldier blasting everything in sight , it has enough story line and character development to keep me interested and really feel like I want to follow this war against the Helghast to the end.The missions are lengthy enough and the load times -LRB- are n't you glad we 've gotten away from those for the most part ? -RRB- all that bad . The only real issue I 've run into is about half way through the game . There have been several times the game has completely locked up while loading and I have to reset the PS2 . This has happened maybe 5 or 6 times , which can be frustrating without frequent save points/checkpoints , but it has not deterred me from completing the game.All good things take time , and the continuation of the series has proven that it 's well worth the wait . If you 're like me and feel like you really want to play through the entire series , I recommend picking this up and taking the few bugs with a grain of salt . It 's hours of fun !
 I 'll make one thing clear . Before this game , I mostly could n't stand first-person shooters . They make me dizzy . In fact , I 'm was n't a fan of shooter games at all.Killzone has aptly destroyed these opinions with the precision of a well-aimed bullet.The game is not intense all the time . I personally like that . You get some spaces to regroup , to strategize , to come up with approaches for something , rather than being forced to rush in blindly , guns-a-flinging , hoping you win -LRB- although , if you prefer that style of gaming , I think you 'll find Rico rather fun -RRB- . The graphics are great . The story is fairly solid , if sometimes intentionally predictable , and the levels are varied and rather interactive -LRB- no one just shoots through things like glass - the bullets have to break them first -RRB- . The weapons systems all handle well , and there 's enough variety to satisfy anyone 's fighting tactics.My favorite part of the game , though , is the characters . The four main playables are a riot together , a remarkably dysfunctional group whose conflicts , personalities , and discussions with each other make them much more fun to play than just flat hero characters . Whether you want to be the leader , sniper , human tank , or spy-in-action type , the game has something for you . You might find yourself imitating the personalities of the character you play - it 's just too tempting , and they 're just too fun ! Needless to say , this game would n't be the same without the character development and great voice acting . You get attached to the characters and just keep coming back for more . I 'm personally a major Hakha fan - my brother loves to run over the enemies as Rico.The only setback is one glitch on the beachhead level -LRB- in Campaign Mode -RRB- that apparently refuses to let people win the level if they jump over the last sandbag bunker to get the approaching enemies . Stay behind the bunker , and you should be fine . It 's one glitch in such an otherwise awesome game , not enough for me to reduce the rating .
 THIS GAME IS CRAP !!!! Ps2 can never handle `` real '' graphics like the powerful xbox !
 Although Killzone is a very entertaining game , it can never live up to the perfection that is HALO . Killzone is it 's own game and it deserves a better fate , then to be compared to an instant classic from the X Box . The story behind Killzine is engaging ; the levels get progressively harder which I find refreshing and challenging ; and the action is superbly realistic . There are however a few snafus that ultimately detract from my rating . Walls will jump out of nowhere , the AI leaves something to be desired . For the most part the actions are fine . My problem comes from the repetitious phrases the Helghast spout . In HALO and HALO 2 your enemies and brothers in arms both have hundreds of different lines of dialogue , which not only add to the stories richness , but make you laugh your a ** off . Another thing that bothers me is the inablity to jump or navigate certain terrain . In the swamp level I got stuck behind a tree stump and I have to restart the entire level . I was pi ** ed.Overall Killzone is a decent FPS . The length of the game makes it worth purchasing , as there are around 11 levels , which each level containing 3-4 sub - missions . With an engaging backstory and a compliment of 4 well rounded characters , Killzone would make any PS2 owner a happy one .
 I had high expecatations for this game and was really looking forward to it . I heard very mixed reviews on it at first so I decided on renting it . After beating the game and putting in 5 hours on multiplayer my conclusion is it was disappointing and a few more months of working the tweaks out could of really helped.PROS-Awesome movie scenes-Impressive sound-Cool looking enemies-Secondary fire on weapons is nice-Levels look fantastic-Enemies are relatively smart , they go for cover and wait for you to stop shooting to come out and they will run from grenades-Very realistic overall with sprinting and reloading time/animationCONS-Some missions can be a little confusing and you have no objectives map-Way to many shots to kill , even with headshots it takes several-4 playable characters is cool with their own unique weapons , but it does n't really matter because you run out of ammo for their weapons and there is little ammo for them in the level so you have to end up using helghast weapons instead 90 % of the time-Multiplayer is just a big run and gun and all you end up using is rocket launchers/explosives to kill people which leads to lots of camping which is a problem-In deathmatch people will spawn right behind you , which will drive you crazy-Overall lack of variety in weapons-Enemies have the same accuracy whether they are in your face or all the way across the screen-Can ' t drive vehicles-Overall graphics are good , but frame rates can get choppy and sometimes the enemies just disappear-Little variety in enemies you fightRENT IT FIRST !!! RENT IT FIRST !!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This game is just about the Halo of the PS2 s if you like Halo you will love this game . If you have never played Halo and do n't have an xbox , pick up a copy of killzone . Personaly this is the best PS2 game I have ever played .
 I first heard about Killzone about a year ago . The game -LRB- originally called Kin -RRB- was being developed by the Dutch programming team called Guerrilla Games . The game had been in development for over 4 years . And now after what seemed like an eternity , Killzone has arrived . The result is a very good game , with a few problems.In Killzone you are one of four ISA soldiers attempting to fend off an assault by the Helghast . The Helghast are a splinter faction of an Earth colony who have become hardened by harsh conditions on thier newley settled planet . The Helghast army then launches a war of agression on the ISA forces.The first thing that strikes you about this game are it 's visuals . It truley is a visually stunning game . The opening cutscene shows you immediatley that this game was meticulously engineered . There 's alot of attention to detail . Eventhough Killzone is set in the not too distant future -LRB- approximatley 100 years or so -RRB- it 's not outrageously futuristic . Many locations and buildings have a very modern feel to them . There are a few graphical glitches here and there . The framerate does drop off slightly and there are some issues with some event triggers . One of the other problems is the enemy A.I. is prone to bouts of what I 'd call `` vapor lock '' . At times the Helghast will stand around waiting for an event trigger . A few shots will get thier attention . What I also like is the character design of the Helghast . They are very reminiscent of the soldiers in the anime film Jin Roh . The game 's sound is also very good . ISA and Helghast weapons have very distinct sounds to them . Also the Helghast will curse you as they try to take you down . There 's also shattering glass , footsteps changing on various surfaces . This is a good sounding game.The gameplay is rather good . The game is a first person shooter but the action never really descends into a static pattern of `` walk , shoot , reload , flip lever , crouch '' . The missions are very linear in nature . Then again what first person shooter is n't ? There are different mission objectives and the Helghast are very tactical in nature . There are times where you 'll be pinned down and have to find cover . The Helghast are no easy win . They will fight fiercely and often regroup and take cover . The various environments -LRB- ranging from jungles to city streets -RRB- provide alot of cover for your squadmates . After a few missions you are joined by 3 other playable characters . Although you are part of a squad , this game is not Rainbow Six or SOCOM . Your squad does back you up , but they are n't commandable . The playable characters range in skills and use of weapons . Luger is the stealth specialist , Templar is the jack of all trades . Rico is the heavy weapons man . And Hakaha is the spy . The controls also vary for each character . Luger is more agile while Rico is slow and plodding . The controls are also laid out very well . You wo n't find yourself fumbling for any buttons . The learning curve I 'd say is about 45 minutes.With no Network Adaptor I was unable to try the online modes . There are however several different offline `` Battlefield '' modes . These modes range from Assault to Deathmatch , using computer controlled A.I. teammates and enemeys . The offline modes are surpisingly fun as well . There are also a few `` Extras '' . War Scenes will show you a game environment with the Helghast and ISA fighting it out . The game trailer is included as well as the opening intro so you can play it at any time you like.So , now you 're probably saying `` Yeah but I heard this game was supposed to be as good as Halo '' . Well , I really did n't like Halo . So I ca n't compare Killzone to it . And I 'd suggest that you do n't either -LRB- if anything this game has more in common wtih Medal of Honor than Halo -RRB- . But this is a good game in it 's own right . Once you 're a few levels deep you 'll find the game quite immersive and addictive . At times I think it 's almost too ambitious for the PS2 and might have made a good launch game for the PS3 . What we have here is a very good game , from a fledgling developer despite what some would call `` hardware limitations '' . If Guerrilla can iron out some of the wrinkles then they 'll have a real winner on thier hands . If you 're still unsure I 'd suggest you give it a rental first .
 this game is awsome . I noticed some slowdown but when people play they do n't care about the framerate the color palete they just wan na have fun playing the game . the graphics are awsome probably the best in any PS2 game . It 's set in the future buts its more real future no lasers and that fantasy stuff its like a more futuristic look on a weapon . The default controls are good i stuck with them . The weapons in the game are awsome and futuristic looking as i said before . Over all this game is awsome it may not be the halo killer we were expecting but its pretty dang good .
 I would like to pose a question . This game is called the Halo killer . But why is Halo a great game ? The graphics are solid yes and easy on the eyes , but surely not jawdropping . The AI is does not compare to most decent games . The storyline line is nothing new , man vs. alien . The weaponry is limited , and the guns are n't in any way new . Machine gun , pistol sniper , ray gun , the most innovative is the fuel rod cannon which is like a plasma grenade launcer . There is nothing in this game that has not been done before . So Killzone will not be a Halo Killer . It will be a Halo flatten , attach a nuke and throw it off a cliff-er . Killzone has unrivaled graphics with never before realism . Bigger guns will slow you down , and it takes a bigger person to have bigger guns , I ask to see one game that has done that before . Yet that is only skimming the suface , by the way this is the son of Sherry Bucholtz so yeah peace out
 ! AhThis game is exelent great graphic and full of action.Thumbs up .
 I do n't know where to start off but this game 's campaign mode was really confusing and there was no jump button . Being a fan of FPS , it was hard to adapt to this game in the beginning . The story is OK , similar to other generic FPS games . But do n't expect much since the ps2 's hardware was not as powerful as the xbox hardware @ this time . However , I played the Multiplayer mode online and it was really amazing especially for an old game . The game did n't lag a bit , and it was really balance with awesome weapons . If you wanted play multiplayer only , then this is a must buy . But if you 're like me who wants Online Multiplayer and a Good Campaign mode , Then this might not be the game for you .
 this game was fun and relistic great gameplay and great 2player , everthing was awsome in this game the story mode was fun and the stages are great , awsome game .
 This is like my favorite video game ever ! Everything in the game looks really good for a video game . The controls are really easy to use once you get used to them and if you do n't like seeing tons of blood and guts in your games it 's perfect . My favorite weapon in this game is the Sniper rifle , it 's so cool !! : D
 This Game is one of the best shoters for the playstation 2 , the online is awesome so as the campain . I Love It !
 In my opinion , KillZone is the PS2 's equivalent to N64 's OO7 GoldenEye -LRB- in terms of awesomeness anyway , though it is not completely analogous . -RRB- Arsenal : It has a good variety of weapons for different purposes . The ISA assault rifle is better at distance shots with more accuracy and a M40 grenade launcher for removing multiple targets . The Helghast assault rifle is better for close quarters combat and has a built in shotgun . There are machine guns for suppression fire and sniper rifles for picking off the enemy.Storyline : The background is that there is an interplanetary conflict due to the Helghast leader 's desire to be a Space Nazi . For this game , the conflict takes place on one of the ISA 's planets , Vekta . Currently I 've not completed the campaign , only have gotten through the swamp and reached the ISA fortress . It is as immersing of a storyline as GoldenEye was to me.Gameplay : In the campaign , you complete the various objectives provided using the weapons you like , basically . Also , as you progress through the levels you unlock the ability to play different characters . Templar you start with . Luger you meet next , at the end of the second level . Then Rico , then Hakha . Templar carries standard weapons , ISA assault rifle and pistol . Luger has thermal imaging googles , a sniper pistol which fires semi auto or full auto and a knife . Rico has a suppression rifle , automatic pistol and regular pistol . Hakha only has a Helghast rifle and a knife to start with.For multiplayer , you do n't have these characters , you only have the option of being an ISA or a Helghast soldier . That does n't affect much though , since you can use all the same weapons as the characters . Multiplayer has a fair bit of options to select from to customize gameplay , and it was helpful when learning the controls and how the AI behaves and learning the weapons . Starting out in the campaign without a little practice in multiplayer was somewhat discouraging for me when I first had started to play , but as you know more about the controls , weapons , and AI behavior , the game becomes quite enjoyable.Also , if you are n't careful you will learn from experience . If you are too close to a Helghast soldier , the will kill you with a shotgun . Laser beams across doorways and in between crates are explosive traps . As you progress , the enemy start having heavier armor and using explosives against you more often . Such like this aid in keeping you on guard.Moral Issues : The profanity is a bit much , though it is probably realistic in terms of how some soldiers converse . Templar is somewhat bothersome to Luger in regard to a previous relationship with her . And of course , loads and loads of constant violence , which you should expect if you are considering buying a FPS game .
 When I first played this game , I was getting fragged everytime I turned around . After many deaths and lots of mistakes I can safely say this is one of the best FPS I have ever played . Each time you play it 's just a little bit different , enough to keep you on your toes . Even after you have beaten the game it continues to be fun , never underestimate the enemy , cause they will try to find a way to frag you if you let them . All out fun , especially in the assault mode . Matter of fact , I have got it on pause and when I get home , it 's on . Sadly I can only guess what the new killzone for PS3 is like , but eventyually I will find out . !!??
 I first heard of this game right after Killzone 2 came out , so after reading all the great comments on that game I decided to look for this games , and let me tell you it is great , the story is awesome , characters well defined , the dialogues are pretty good , the graphics , for my taste are a bit rough around the edges , even for PS2 standards , but that is just me . The game play is a perfect 10 out of 10 , Once the game begins you are thrown in the middle of battle , so you pretty much have to learn right away the control setting because you need to start running like crazy , the AI is a bit slow , in this case your partners sometimes block your path , but is no big problem , at least for me , and also in some levels you need to advance at the same time as your partners otherwise you can not advance . The fun factor is perfect , you get to use a lot of weapons with different capabilities . So if you are in to first person shooters , this game is great , especially for 20 dollars , it is a pretty good deal.Play on !!!!!
 I have to say Killzone is a pretty good game . It has enough content packed in the game to keep you busy for weeks or months . The campaign is decent and has good length to it . But , occasionally the game will freeze up in spots but its just a mere second here and there . The weapon selection is pretty good also . I found the best part of the campaign was the story . When I find the story good or interesting the developers had to do something right because most in game stories turn me off . The CGI scenes are excellent ! The online is still up and running in 2009 ! That part of the game was a surprise to me as I am 5 years later to the party with this one . Also all of the online modes and match types you can play offline as what you would see in games like Perfect Dark , Timesplitters 2 where you can set up your bots , weapon types , maps and rules . Overall if they do cancel the online someday you can still play it offline against bots so this game is well worth picking up . The graphics are really pushing the PS2 hardware even though it was initially released years ago . The guns look fantastic . Character models of your enemies move kind awkward but that gives you that much more of a reason to mow em down with your guns.Bottom line is if you want a good game for your ps2 this is easily a good game to pick up . It falls short in some areas but those portions of the game are easy to look past .
 This game is a lot of fun . You do need to get used to the slow pace , but once you do , it 's a lot of fun . I have n't beaten it yet , but I think I am close to the end . The story is not bad , though the gameplay for me is a lot more interesting than the story .
 if your ps2 is online enabled this game is well worth $ 40.00 . the campaign is fun but there is a lack of weapons to choose from and you can only carry 2 . but online its like 007 on steroids and is freakin sweeeeet !
 KILLZONE IT THE BEST GAME FOR FUN AND ACTION GO GET IT ITS FKN CAZY GAMEBIGGEST PS2 FAN !!!!
 killzone is the best game i have ever played.The graphics are amazing.The computer ai is great.The levels are great because with different people there are different objectives.You should really get this game
 My Name is Roy and I 'm writting on an old account from when I was nine , that 's why my mom 's name is there . I 'm a 14 year old boy . I own both an Xbox and PS2 I also owned a Gamecube.Killzone is not a `` Halo Killer '' . Killzone is a good game but it ca n't beat Halo 2 because Killzone was rushed and they did n't polish it enough , I mean the game could 've been so much more.They developers left out vehichular combat -LRB- Huge disadvantage -RRB- , they left out a jump button -LRB- another disadvantage -RRB- , and when you bump into crate they do n't move , and the AI are n't as smart as the AI in Halo 2 -LRB- especially on Legendary -RRB- . Halo 2 has blood splatter effects that Killzone just does n't have . The sniper rifle in Killzone kills enemies with one shot even if you shoot them in the leg or anyware for that matter , in Halos 1-2 the sniper rifle gets a one hit kill only if you get a headshot . The weapons in Halo 2 are more based on effectivness against certain enemies such as a shotgun against an `` Elite '' and a Fuel rod cannon against a `` Hunter '' , and a charged plasma pistol shot to deplete energy shields , the weapons in Halo are just more useful and handy than the ones in Killzone . The cutscenes in Killzone look better than than some the cutscenes in Halo 2 because in Halo 2 I 've seen people just come out of nowhere in cutscenes and the cutscencs are just plain smoother than Halo 2 , as are all the cinematics.The death physics in Killzone are very over done . When you kill an enemy using a gun they somtimes flip backwards , and land in very unrealistic positions . Note that I was only using the normal semi-automatic gun . When using the knife there is n't any blood on the knife when you slit their throut , no blood on the knife or the ground . Also after you 've killed your enemies , some of the bodies disappear , this negates the fealing of being on a battlefield covered with enemy bodies . You 'll have a problem with the controls the first time you play the game if your 're not used to Fps games . It took me about 30 minutes to master the controls , but you can customize the controls through the options menu if you want . This might make the game controls more confusing though . The characters have different styles of fighting , Luger utilizes stealth and a silenced semi-automatic pistol with a , such as sniper rifles and a powerful sniper pistol . Rico utilizes heavy weapons such as his chain gun with rocket launcher . It will take some time to master each style of fighting , so if you have the demo play it as much as you can to master the styles . If you want to use a silenced shot from Luger 's Pistol press the R2 button and if you want to use the scope on the sniper rifle press the right anolog stick.All in all Killzones a good game but Halo 2 is better.Better luck next game .
 This game is so much fun , I ca n't seem to put it down . I have been looking for a Halo `` like '' game for the PS2 and I found it with KillZone . Yes , the PS2 specs are dated but this game looks superb . I have n't ran into any choppy game play yet , but I do hear the PS2 DVD drive working overtime . If you played Halo 2 then you will love this game . I do think that Halo is a better game , but since you ca n't play it on the PS2 , KillZone is your answer . Halo 3 may have some tough competitiion with PS3 and Killzone 2 .
 My freind David has this game and he says it is very fun so every week I go to his house and we play it when I first played it on his PS2 I went to the store after got a used sample went home poped it into my PS2 and played until my fingers were sore mom says it is good to play that game and dad says it is good to kill I killed so meany people in the game that I beat my own record in survival now I do n't get killed very often so you got to command your crew kill and roadkill your enimeis and capture your enemy sometimes you hafe to sacrifice one of your crew members so the enemy dose n't get the infermation to trace you and sometimes you hafe to kill weird and scary creatures to upgrade your weapons you can always go back to the base to heal get info on what you are suspost to do give your weapons more amo change armor practice your aim in the training room and my favroit play with the big and small monsters you collected at each planet you viseted so if you have a PS2 get this I got it for just 8/99 $ you wont be sorry grab it its great now !!!
 Killzone is the best first player shotter game ive played in years , and you can be sure of it , ive played a lot of em , it totally rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the closest Playstation could ever get to a franchise like Gears of War or Halo . It is a fun , action packed , and has a great story line with a great plot . The graphics do n't compare with Xbox , but PS2 has never boasted that it as better at processing graphics than Xbox . I can not wait for the new version set to launch on the PS3 which will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- fix some of this games bugs and push that cell processer to it 's limits . Killzone 2 may very well be the saving grace for the PS3.Onto some of the bugs . Sometimes the graphics do n't load correctly , the game was designed for a machine that could handle more and the PS2 just could n't keep up . The graphics are not the greatest but graphics do not make a game . Some levels will have you dumbfounded trying to find your way around , although the maps can be linear , they have openendness in them to some extent and that open endness can lead to you finding yourself doing circles for an hour while trying to quickly finish the game . The game is short , but because of the ability to play as four charecters nearing the end , and then go back and play as all of them for any level , it really makes for some good replay . Each charecter is unique in many ways , they all have their own personality , their own specialitys , and their own faults . Also certain charecters take different routes through the levels . For example , play as the rogue charecter and unlock all of the secret areas because she is the only one small enough to crawl into them . Multyplayer could use some work , although fun sometimes the objectives of the different game types are unclear . Online multiplayer has not been tryed by myself but from what I hear Playstation online -LRB- even with the PS3 -RRB- is kind of a joke compared to Xbox Live .
 some people are saying this game has the best graphics . dont be fooled , i felt that the graphics were at best , mediocre . but , i am a ig stckler on graphics , so im a little biased . but what it lacks for in graphics , it makes up for in sheer fun . i felt that this game could be up there with halo and such . now here me out . i felt that it really captured what its like to be on the battle field . you are running , bullwets flying by . when you pull out a gun , you open and cock and do all the things you normally do . when you prime a grenade , you can let it `` cook '' -LRB- let it sit for about 3 seconds so your victims have less time to run -RRB- or throw it right away . but you can see your hands on screen at all times . when i played killzone , i became very immersed in it and the hours melted away.PLEASE NOTE : this game doesnt have a lot of violence , save tiny splatters of blood that dissapear when you shot someone . however , it does have strong lanuage -LRB- while playing and during cut scenes -RRB- so parent buyers , beware
 This game is great , but then again , I do n't play over the internet . Two player mode sucks , but as far as single player campaigns go , I think this is one of the best ps2 shooter games . The bad guys definately make the game , and the story is n't completely horrible . I spent $ 15 for it , and it was worth every penny .
 I bought Killzone about a month ago and I must admit , I was n't too sure what to expect . When I finally got around to starting the game I was impressed by the cool FMV sequences and awesome graphics . The only problem I encountered was the controls which at first were very difficult to get used to , and occasionally I still make mess-ups , especially since my brother has a profile with seperate controls . In other words , sometimes I want to reload and I end up blowing myself to s *** with a grenade . But that aside , `` Killzone , '' for PS2 is still an awesome experience ... The game begins with a chilling FMV cutscene showing the Invasion rally of the Helghast and the beginning of the invasion . You then start the real game as Cpt . Jan Templar , a member of the ISA Rapid Reaction Force -LRB- R.R.F -RRB- , a group created to be the first line of defence in case of an emergency . Anyway , you begin in the trenches of the planet Vekta and this level also serves as a kind of tutorial for the player i.e it teaches you how to sprint , duck , fire , throw and cook grenades etc. . Templar is not the only character you will be able to use , and later on you will encounter three other characters . The first of these characters is Luger , a Shadow Marshall -LRB- or assassin if you prefer -RRB- capable of high speed and the ability to get into areas other characters can not . The second is Rico , an obnoxious , arrogant Heavy Weapons specialist and an ISA regular , capable of withstanding heavy fire and carrying extra ammo for heavy weapons . Finally there 's Col. Hakha , a half-Helghast , half-human spy who is able to use enemy weapons with great effect and carry extra ammo for Helghast type weapons . Every character has their own weapons and special abilities , which ensures you 'll never get bored . 5/5 for character variety.There are also 16 different weapons in the game , from the smallest pistol carrying 7 rounds , to the mighty Squad Cannon , an anti-tank weapon capable of firing 1 or 2 round bursts . You 'll come into contact with every weapon during gameplay and will soon be able to learn which weapons best suit your situation and which best suit you . A rocket launcher for example is a much better long distance weapon for heavy troops rather than a light machinegun -LRB- L.M.G -RRB- . Ammo is never really a problem and there will always be some kind of weapon for you to use . 5/5 for carried weapons.The storyline is not highly original but the overall concept and execution of the game is fantastic . You 'll explore many different environments icluding swamps , cities , snowy mountains and wild jungles ; all beautifully rendered with great ambient lighting . There will be various vehicles for you to destroy , but unfortunately you can not utilise any , which would automatically have put the fun rating up to 5 stars . You can utilise some mounted machineguns however , so for mounted and vehicular weapons , `` Killzone , '' gets 2/5 . I also recommend you play this game on the hard difficulty setting since you 'll get the full challenge of the game that way . And honestly , hard is n't really that hard , so easy and normal should be a cakewalk for even newcomers to shoot-em-ups on PS2 . 4/5 difficulty for the hard setting and 1/5 for the easy setting.The multiplayer on the game is pretty good and there are various modes of gameplay including Deathmatch , Team Deathmatch , Assault , and Defend and Destroy . There are also about 8 different multiplayer maps of contrasting size , settings and configurations , and the best maps are `` Southern Hills , '' `` Beach Head , '' `` Canyon Crossing , '' and `` Park Terminal . '' You can also play with a friend and up to 14 bots on either easy , normal or hard difficulty . 4.5 / 5 for the multiplayer option.So despite the confusing controls and inability to weild tanks and APC 's etc. . This game is a fanstastic purchase . It 's not the best shoot-em-up ever , but it 's certainly a strong competitor . If you like a gripping game full of action , thrills and a variety of weapons , characters and environments , then `` Killzone , '' is for you . Overall Killzone gets a solid 4/5 stars and should last you a fair amount of time . So buy it today , you wo n't regret it !
 Overall , this is a great game - definately worth getting . It never gets too frustrating and it 's just right for gameplay -LRB- it is n't too easy and not too hard -RRB- . It has many different levels to play and will provide hours and hours of quality gameplay . I have n't seen any problems with the A.I system , enemies usually hide behind corners and pop out to shoot and quickly go back to hide again . They are very aware of their surroundings , no matter how far you are from them , they can hear the bullets and will return fire , that is great artificial intelligence compared to most other games.The two flaws that do ruin the game are very minor , one being that there are n't enough checkpoints in the game . there is nothing worse than having gone through 80 % of a level only to die right before you get to the end and you have to start the whole mission over . Some levels offer checkpoints while others do n't , there should be at least one for every level - at least at the halfway point . The second flaw is the graphics . Every now and again you will see dead bodies laying on the floor with the feet twitching rapidly , you will even see your own character 's feet do that . Other times you will see an enemy 's body through the wall and sometimes you can see a part of the ground move left to right while just inches away the other side of the ground is perfectly still.The good definately outweighs the bad for this game , the flaws are very minor and the gameplay is excellent . If you want a game that will last you longer than a couple of weeks than pick this game up . It 's worth the money .
 Unlike most of the reviewers here , I 'm not gon na waste my time on Halo comparisons , or how this game is advertised as a `` Halo killer . '' I 'll leave that lameness to the console fanboys . Besides , I find online FPS entries like Counterstrike to be superior anyway . . but that 's a topic for another review . I will say that Killzone is generally a pretty solid FPS , one of the best PS2 entries , and a worthy addition to the genre.First off , BIG points for atmosphere and some very awesome graphics , dialogue , and cut scenes . Killzone is the proper model for the feel of a military combat game -- gritty , harrowing , and savage . Even the more beautiful locales are rugged , dimly lit , and grainy , stained with the trademark signs of bombardment . Each of the 11 Campaign environs and 6 Team Arenas are HUGE , which makes exploring them a great deal of fun . The gore and explicit language are also wholly appropriate ; keep this one away from the tots.Your enemies are a breed of super-soldier known as Helghast -- faceless , merciless , and replete with orange goggles -LRB- that glow back at you ominously from the shadows -RRB- , gas masks , black combat suits , and huge menacing weapons , these enemies are truly frightening and disturbingly REAL and take some obvious cues from WWI-styled trench warfare in tactics and appearance . A very smart and capable foe -LRB- with some exceptions . . I 'll get to that in a second -RRB- that will slay you without mercy if you make the mistake of foolishly rushing guns ablaze into their lines . A fully engaged brain is required to survive in Killzone , and trust me , staying cool is n't easy when you 're under a barrage of gunfire , grenades , and enemy troops coming at you eight-ways-till-Sunday . Points also go to the weapons model . The vast majority of the guns are all of the heavy-duty bullet-firing variety with secondary functions that include shotgun , grenade launcher , and missle launcher . You can also smack your opponents around with the butt of your weapon or knife if melee is your thing -LRB- though short-range battles are ill-advised in this game , lest you end up with a face full of lead -RRB- . Recoil is prominent , aim needs to be steadied -LRB- especially with sniper rifle -RRB- , reloads take precious time , ammo is not plentiful , and there are no shortcuts taken for the user 's convenience . It all makes for a pretty realistic experience , and it 's also way fun in multiplayer -LRB- though I 've yet to try online play -RRB- . Not without a few flaws , however . There 's that much-hated `` invisible wall '' effect that seems to constantly plague games of this nature . There 's some weird inconsistencies with the AI , on both sides . The Helghast will take cover from your grenades and team up to flank you or pick you off , but in the midst of combat will often become motionless targets . On the ISA side , your teammates will often take turns as either ineffectual meat shields or forget to back you up . The Helghast also seem to take more than a goodly number of hits to kill with guns -LRB- sure they 're super-soldiers , but JESUS . . a whole clip of assault rifle bullets should do more damage than that -RRB- but will be felled almost instantly with a couple knife stabs . Strange . Voiceovers are occassionally annoying , as both sides tend to frequently repeat lines ad nauseum -LRB- though the gruff roars of the Helghast sound especially intimidating -RRB- . Finally , the autosave function is a pain in the arse , often causing you to lose vast amounts of progress if you die midway into a mission . Argh.Minor quibbles aside , this is essential for FPS lovers and PS2 owners . Go get it .
 The best game i ever played . I was litarlly on the edge of my seat . I accualy fell off . There was so much gunfire , I had my neighbors at my door . I really recomend it to anyone at the ages of 12 and up .
 FIrst if you are looking for a `` Halo-Killer '' then forget it and go buy an XBox and Halo 2 , I am alitte tired of every reviewer comparing every other FPS to Halo and then trashing a game because its not Halo . Get over it ; Halo is great for what it is , but personally I do n't want every shooter to behave exactly like Halo `` Killlzone '' is a very , very credible shooter for PS2 , which is a platform that has been sorely lacking in the genre . It of course looks great . Best graphics I have seen on the graphically inferior PS2 . It makes you wonder why other games ca n't get the same performance out of their games . On larger screens you do see a bit of pixelating and minor flickering on the edges , especially when running through hallways . BUt ey what are going to do with a five year old chipset?The controls are solid and fairly straight forward . At times the controls are a bit cluttered but no more or less so than Halo . THere is a great assortment of weaponry you 'd expect . All and all I find the guns more realistic and easier to fire and aim then in Halo.My only real complaint is that enemy A.I. and the diffficulties of levels are wildly uneven . You can shoot the same guy five times with a shotgun to bring him down . WHile you can bring the guy next to him down in one shot.But the enemy A.I. does not spoil the game . If you are looking for a kickass shooter for PS2 ignore the reviewers complaining that they did n't get a knock off of Halo for Playstation 2 and pick up a copy of Killzone .
 I bought Killzone and have been playing it for a few days now and I have to say this is an excellent gritty game . I love the fact that there is a delay for reloads . You use real weapons in a gritty and realistic battlefield . The dialogue is good . I am having a lot of fun with this game ! I highly recommend it . You will not be disappointed .
 Killzone
 First of all , I am not one of those people that play war games or shooting type games -- but I think that this game may have just converted me . This is one of the best games in this genre that I 've played and is well worth the money . I thought that the story line -LRB- which followed a group of soliers -RRB- was interesting and the levels were challenging . It was tough to get coordinated at first with the controls , but once you get it , you got it , and the game moves uphill from there . My favorite part of the game , though , was the multiplayer mode . Forget the storyline and get some of your buddies to play that ! I can play that for hours -LRB- but the dual screen can get confusing -RRB- . I highly recommend this game .
 Killzone is , without a doubt , one of the best FPS 's on any console today . The graphics are great , the weapons are powerful , the sound is completely amazing ! This game truly has it all . Many people believe that this game was over-hyped and was expected too much from . In a way , they 're right , but this is still a dang fine shooter . I own both Halo and Halo 2 , but to me , this game blows both of them away in terms of gameplay . I mean , come on if not for its astounding multiplayer online and off , would Halo really be all that great ? To Me , a great game accels in all areas , not just one and this game succeeds in every way possible . I 'll break it down like this : Graphics -LRB- 9/10 -RRB-
 Killzone is an awesome game that Im glad I bought . If your reading reviews on major game sites like `` gamespot '' then disregard them . Gamespot is known for reviewing games based on their feelings , not the actual game . Also Gamespot is payed big bucks by Microsoft to glamourize Halo and downplay Killzone . But dont let that stop you from enjoying Killzone which is a kick-butt game for the PS2.Killzone definately feels like a battlezone . The wind blowing in the background , the grey skies , the war torn fields , just explain that this is a warzone , not some colorful green play land -LRB- like Halo -RRB- . I havent played too much of the single-player , but Ive put about 6 + hours into playing online . If your into deathmatch games , then dont even bother reading reviews about Killzone to determine whether you wan na buy it or not ... JUST GET UP AND GO TO THE STORE NOW ! Killzone is an excellent online game if your into deathmatch type of stuff.The weapons also seem like actual weapons . Guns actually feel heavy , and nasty . Unlike the plastic cap guns that plague Halo , the weapons in Killzone actually feel like big pieces of equipment that fire good old fashioned lead . Also some of the weapons are very unique -LRB- triple barrelled rocket launcher anyone ? -RRB- . Overall this is an excellent game if your a PS2 owner and your looking for a first person shooter to play . Also if you have PS2 Online -LRB- Broadband -RRB- and love deathmatch games , then no questions about it , get your butt to the store and pick up this game ! See ya in the KillZone !
 ok i rented killzone and have been playin for 3 days now and i will review by features.graphics
 This game is most certainly the best First Person Shooter the PS2 has ever seen to date . But it 's difficult to tell if it lives up to the hype and the title `` Halo Killer '' which Sony has bestowed upon it . It definitely has that certain gritty feel and frantic pace that Halo does n't quite hit . It feels as though you are in a war , whereas Halo feels like you 're on an alien world shooting aliens . So I would say both games accomplish their goal quite nicely . It 's also difficult to give this game a fair rating since I have to base my judgements upon the beta test and many of the gripes I had about the game -LRB- in particular the shabby Hit Detection which forced you to unload entire clips into a single enemy without him dying -RRB- the developers have assured would be fixed in the final version . But DO NOT pick up this game expecting Halo . Its a different game in its own rate and it is certainly an acquired taste . It is n't quite as fun as HALO but it has that certain aspect that just draws you in and gets you addicted . The graphics are truly amazing and the sound is fantastic . With an epic soundtrack and excellent sound effects for weapons . The gameplay however could be downright frustrating sometimes . Whether it be the game freezing , the sound glitches that caused the sound to stop working , or the absolutely horrible hit detection that forces you to unload all your ammo into your opponent to no avail ; this game had me banging my head against the wall . Its also a bit awkward running in circles shooting someone then stopping to reload , since neither of us have a melee attack . I did play the beta version however , and the developers said that all these and more would be corrected come final release . I did n't really like it when I first started playing it , but after awhile I really warmed up to it and I am most certainly hooked . I will buy this game the day it comes out , but I know what I 'm getting into . If you 're a fan of the FPS and a PS2 owner , then this game deserves a place in your library . However , if you 're just a casual gamer and only play an FPS every so often , you might want to play it first so you have a feel for it . GRAPHICS-10 ; SOUND-10 ; GAMEPLAY-6 -LRB- It was the beta after all -RRB-
 Killzone looks like its going to be the greatest -LRB- and most grim -RRB- FPS on PS2 to date . The graphics blow away all other competition in the genre on PS2 ; the game looks so beautiful and detailed that I can hardly believe how they could have pushed the PS2 so far as to give it a comparison to the graphics in the Xbox shooters . The game also features a grim and harsh look that grips the reality of a war-torn city better than any game i 've seen . A grainy filter has also been added to the look , giving it a great feel . Although i have n't heard much , the music is dramatic and occaisonally , depressing , which fits just fine . The ability to play as four different characters should also give it great replay value . Not much has been said about the online capabilities , but it sounds like it will have a strong sense of cooperative stealth combat one one hand , and hectic multiplayer deathmatch on the other , resulting in a choice for the people who like sneaky assassination , or giant bullet storms . Although it wont offer alot new to the genre , Killzone will definitely offer enough to redefine the way PS2 FPS ' are done in the future .
 This is Cindies son again , with my eyes on KILLZONE . Set in a harsh war environment , KILLZONE is far more than a standard shooter . It envolves some of the most stable minded people to play it . If not , you may end up dying quite a few times than needed to . OK , basic story ... Helghast invade Earth , you -LRB- -LRB- Jan Templar , Rico Valasquez , Lugar , or Gregor Hakha -RRB- -RRB- fight against them . You may win or not . I dont know , and I really dont care . The second one and hopefully third is on its way , we may know then if no ... I 'm fine killing masked Helghans.GREAT GAME , WELL WORTH $ 20 , AND WELL WORTH YOUR TIME . But be prepared to actually play the game . This isnt some game of PAC-MAN where your done in half an hour , this is fending off one of the most brutal races on Earth . Have patience , you 'll get there ...
 Killzone , another FPS title for the console market exceeded my expectations in both graphics and gameplay . Granted the game has it weaknessess such as werid death animation and a couple of framerate issues here and there but what is clear is that the game really makes the PS2 engine work overtime in both presentation and gameplay.I would even say that parts of the game are very photo realistic and there were times in the game i just looked at a wall , a passage way or even the floor beneth me to admire how real it looked.From the moment you hit the warzone you are fully immersied in what is going on and you will be fully pumped for what comes after you have seen the elborate , overpowering but short intro which presents the simple premise of the helgast wanting to take over other colonised worlds in a grand royal battle that will leave the entire human race shellshocked . The whole game is set on one of these colonised planet call Vecta . The majority of the game takes place on this planet and really that is all there is too the story line besides some double crossing and inter-politics . But who cares ???? If you want an elborate storyline go for a RPG . As first person shooter go this game rocks and really delivers gameplay that both casual and hardcore gamers can enjoy . The abilty to choose a difficulty level will asssist with your enjoyment of the game and the degree in which AI react . The Helgast on easy are fairly easy and can be knocked down pretty quickly but still , use of cover and the abiltity to re-load at the correct time is crucial . On the normal and harder difficulty levels you will truely notice the abilties of the AI to format thier stance based on your action including falling back , re-grouping , utilising cover , avoiding grenada and flanking.Voices can become repeative with the same quotes being used over and over again but i tend to ignore this due to the excellence in gameplay . Furthermore im a huge Halo fan and really though PS2 would never come close to that hit but Killzone is pretty dam close . In my personal judgement Halo and Halo 2 still provide a far greater storyline and intiutive gameplay but Killzone is its own experience that delivers.Yeah the reload annimation though impressive can be a bit of a bother at time in a rapid fire fight but this just makes you need to create strategies in which you can run to cover re-load and then attack again . Effective and makes sure you can never just run in gun and think you will get out . You wil need to plot and plan yah fire fights and this is alot of fun to do.The guns are great and i must saying after deciating a portion of my life to Halo it was nice to play with some decent milatary like guns instead of lazers.The game could have used a bit longer to process and develop . A longer more engrossing storyline would have been great and to move the field of combat to other planets or ship may have given the game a more epic quality but for what is it im not complaining to much and it does leave room for a sequal which id buy outrite.Overall i would have to say if you are a FPS fan or a gaming fan in general Killzone is a good night in and a good purchase . The game is not the longest but then i fall on to the side of debate that states i would rather play a short game that excels in what it does than play a 40 hours marathorn that has only about half of the decent gameplay . Furthermore with four playable characters , each with different skills leading to a different path through levels , it has good replay value and the sheer fun of gameplay will bring you back to play certain missions again.Killzone is enjoyable from start to finish !!!!!! Rent it or buy it but makes sure u get to see it !!!!!!!
 - The Graphics are exceptional for a PS2 based game , but not perfect with some issues pertaining to wall joints.-Play is extremely linear in first few levels of campaign mode . The game pretty much holds your hand and tells you where to go.-As you progress you obtain 4 different classes of warrior to play.-Enemy AI is not too bright at times but they are way smarter than your IAS grunts . Expect your line of fire to be walked through a few times.-My main gripe consists of the lack of mobility . You can not freely climb , jump , or go prone . There are sections where you can climb a ladder or hurdle a low ledge when the game prompts you with the option.-Some banter gets repedative but it helps when the enimies are throwing grenades or attacking in the larger open spaces.-Even with these limitations the various network modes and fairly extensive campaign length makes this FPS a keeper.-The wide range of weapons make this a very fun game to play . The Helgast weapons are also varied and useful.-You can alter the sensitivity of the Joysticks to fit your fine motor skills . -LRB- Or my lack of -RRB- - BEWARE this game is not for children due to language content . The gore is almost non present but there is blood splater.-Just as fun SOCOM I or II , Red Faction , or Ghost Recon with a simpler mission system.-Rent it and then decide but if you love FPS games this will fit well in your collection.-Comparing PS2 games to XBOX games is a waist of time . Its known that the XBOX is more powerful system . But since I only own a PS2 this is my `` HALO '' if it equals the gameplay or not .
 I ca n't believe how much people are putting this game down . I really do n't get it . The criticisms seemed ill-informed at best.First to graphics and sound
 I wo n't repeat what 's been written before about this game . I just wanted to say that KILL ZONE , right out of the box , is a frustrating game -- like all the other games that require BOTH analog sticks to move the character . -LRB- I think that all game developers that make such games should be tarred and feathered . -RRB- However , KILL ZONE players should know that with the CODEBREAKER cheating device you can input a code that will allow you to move the character using only the left analog stick , like in HALO . IMO , being able to move the character with only one analog stick improves the game immeasurably , by allowing you to play more intuitively , without having to think about every move you make . Only then , can you fully enjoy the wonderful ambient sounds of buzzing insects , whizzing bullets and distant firefights ; and the jaw-dropping visuals of misty fog , wind-blown snow , and exploding glass . In this instance , using a cheat code makes the game MUCH better . -LRB- it 's not my fault that the game was rushed to market before it was fine tuned . -RRB- Finally , it 's been said that the character voice acting can be annoying at times . This is true what with such oft-repeated witty remarks as , `` What ARE you waiting for ? '' or , `` Do you need my eyeglasses ? '' But you need n't be bugged by your comrades ' insults
 First of all i ` m not a PS2 fangirl , I just happen to play KillZone , HALO 1 and METROID PRIME at a friends house , who plays games like these.First of all i wondered why HALO is so hyped-and believe it or not the game is `` KRAPPER THAN HELLL '' , its so boring and gae its not evan that funny.Metroid Prime is ok but gets pretty boring fast.i played the un-known KillZone and that was quite fun!In my opion KZ owns Ho and MP!I have all three systems , and play games like Metal Gear Solid , Far Cry , Resident evil , Silent Hill and of coasre Mario and Half Life -LRB- AND LOAD OF OTHA GAMES -RRB- KillZone is impressive but i do n`t plan on having it as i am busy with other PS2 , XBox and GameCube games.Maybe one day i ` ll see it cheap and gobble it up but not 4 now.C-YAHH
 Killzone is nicely detailed , the graphics are very good and it 's got a sophisticated European feel to it , but several issues significantly reduce its playability .1 . Sluggish controls . It 's like you 're trying to move in chest-deep water . Everything moves slowly .2 . Enemies are stupid , yet difficult to kill .3 . Members of your squad just get in the way -- excess baggage . Get out of my way ! I 'm trying to play a video game , here!I wanted to play a good game , but this has n't turned out to be even a halfway decent game . I ca n't recommend it .
 First off this game is great , the action is intance , fast past peas , and fun . The graphics push the PS2to the pimit , wtich may explain why some people complained about frame rate . I , my self have not had such problems . Infact the only porblem i had was i got stuck in a log once and couldnt get my self out . I 've got 'n stuck a few other time in boxes and other crap but managed to get out . other then geting stuff a few time I 've had not problems with this game I love ploaying it . The game play is not just run 'n gun using cover is accentual to staying alive and you enemys dont wiat for you to come to them ; they like to shoot alot . This is not to say that the enemys are perfect warriors but they do provide a challange , for the most part . every once in a wile you get a guy whos just standing around in the middle of a firefight but I love killed those guys , I mean its a free kill come on . The persentation is well done , and the cut seances are well done . The story is welldone for a shooter and the game is peased well . Over all this game was and is worth every penny i spent on it , and besides at least this game doesnt have a `` little shop of horrors '' plant in it -LRB- for you morons out there that was a shot a HALO 2 -RRB- . -LRB- Please forgive me if I spelled anything wrong -RRB-
 While there was a big hype over killzone being the next halo and the halo of PS2 it really wasnt . First off although the graphics arent anywhere near as good as halo they arent completely terrible . The sound is was amazing every single aspect of it , the weapons sound good and the way it was designed is interesting . The enviroment looks very gritty a quality that leads to that dirty guerrilla warfare type war zone . The fact that u are fighting human enemies is interesting as well with some comment made every time an enemy shows up that can get very repetetive . The fact that the entire screen moves on every detail also leads to a more realistic war feel and it did have something in great amount that halo 2 only contained very little of which was very disappointing . Killzone had alot of city fighting which i was looking forward to in halo 2 but halo only had one short level of it , most people prefer halo but many people hated halo 2 , me being one , and I thought i had more fun with this game than i did with halo 2
 PS2 1st person shooters never work well . That is why we have PC game cards like an ATI Radeon pro pushing 256mb . Second of all by the time a good 1st person shooter has finally developed for the PS2 usually PC graphics have doubled . The XBOX did it well when it got HALO out . This is the best the PS2 has offer in terms of 1st person high quality shooters . For all essential purposes it is like the team levels in HL2 running on a high end 64bit graphics card . How is that for the PS2 ? Great considering that the box is very dated but is still great for sport sims , button bashers and survival horror -LRB- where it rules over the PC -RRB- . For those who do not have a PC and want to play a 1st person shooter , then Killzone is really the only option.The story is like the resistance levels on HL2 with squads following you around as you take on various battle zones . The camera has lots of running zooms , good quality recoil effects and a camera jump type of reload . The battles come fast and furious as various staged set pieces take place and the enemy pops up for a big killzone , however all the set pieces are different so it is quite easy to pass the game . A good high quality 1st person shooter for the PS2 is the result.I gave the PS2 SWAT game 2 stars . This was miles better than that terrible effort . 4 sold stars for a 1st person PS2 shooter says a lot . This is really your only option and probably your last one considering how dated the system is getting.Comparing it to a new 1st person PC shooter is simply a moot point these days . The PS2 is old .
 this is a great game and i 'd like to say the the ps2 is more superior than x box or gamecube and this is a good game.the a.i is n't that good but hopefully they will fix that in killzone 2 the sound is great and i 'd like atleast one veichle , to me it doesnt matter if they would put a veichle in but i 'd like one
 review of a beta tester . it is an awesome game , better then halo/halo2 i played it . and take my word for it . it is a must have .
 This game is basically one of the best FPS games I have ever played . Of course , considering I 'm Sony all the way , I never could get into Halo or any of that junk , so I played the game considered to be the `` Halo-killer . '' Well lem me ' tell you , ` Master Chief ' would NOT be able to hold his own against Templar and his group of cold-blooded Helghast executioners . :-RRB- I give this game a 5 out of 5 in ANY department ... with one exception . I noticed a lil ' bit of a sluggish frame rate at some points , but it lasted a mere two seconds and is gone before you know it . Still one of my favorite games out there ! :D `` Get in the Zone , the KILLzone . ''
 This is a very fun game and I would recommend it for individuals who like fps 's . My copy of the game had glithes , but nothing serious .
 Killzone is an overall excellent FPS that puts you into the dark and gritty world of future combat . It feels like ` Medal of Honor ' mixed with ` Children of Men ' mixed with ` Star Wars ' . The characters look excellent and the voice-acting is solid , with a wide array of foul language and dirty deeds . The combat is nothing extraordinary , but it overwhelms the senses such as true combat would . You have a choice between four different combantants as you progress , each with unique weapons and characteristics . You can attack stealthily , bombard the frontlines with machine gun fire or run and gun a la Rambo style . You get a sniper rifle -LRB- which simulates the steadiness of a sniper well , but will no doubt upset a few who are so used to simple zoom and boom action -RRB- , you can pick up your rivals weapons , or simply use the ever-so-awesome timed grenades , which will allow you to time your explosion exactly how you need it . The story of Killzone is dark and twisted and actually has some interesting plot twists , so you do n't feel as though you 're mindlessly blowing away through level after level . The levels themselves are fairly linear , but dark and interesting to look at . Some elements of the environment can be used to defeat your foes -LRB- i.e. explosive barrels , etc. -RRB- and at times , you 'll feel outnumbered and hopeless . You 'll get to blow up tanks , boats , helicopters and more with shoulder fired RPGs.If I had any complaints about this game it would be the following
 I REALLY ENJOY FIRST PERSON SHOOTERS AND THIS GAME IS THE BEST I HAVE PLAYED ON THE PS2 . IT IS A STEAL IN THIS PRICE RANGE .
 ill be honest with you , when i saw this game on the shelves i immediatley wanted to buy it . i had never heard anything about it , but the soldier on the cover looked really cool and i assumed you would play as him . however i was dissapointed because it turned out that was the model for the bad guys . but that was the only really big dissapointment for me.This game has the best graphics ive seen on a ps2 rivaling final fantasy . also the levels , which are dark and gray with dust in the air , really bring a feel of planetary blitzkrieg . The characters all look cool and have plenty of polygons . the problem were the textures which were really bland and weird . one complaint i had about the engine was the ragdoll physics . when you shoot someone theyre supposed to recoil into the direction they got shot , instead the ragdoll physics are a bit messed up and the bad guys will just jerk into some random direction . but that isnt the worst part , the worst part is that once the bad guy has been shot and is done jerking and dead it will freeze into some pose , even if its against a wall , and stay there , and it ruins the immersion that the level design helps create . its a small but noticable problem and should have been dealt with in beta testing.the enemy AI is interesting . what ive noticed is that it will immediatly take cover , and continously move out of your line of sight like a real soldier would . And it also works as a team with its squad , moving and taking cover . But thats it . it will take cover , and move forward and shoot . it wont try to flank you , or throw a grenade at you to get you out of your hiding spot or try to set a trap . so in the end , the AI is ok , but it is still sufficient to be a threat , and it 's still fun to play against.the story in this game reminds me a lot of world war two . in this game the helghast -LRB- the bad guys -RRB- had just lost a war against earth and were left to ruins . they were poor and needed a strong leader . and a leader did emerge , and secretley built a strong army and is now launching a blitzkrieg against a planet . so its very world war two themed.after about 1 hour into the game , you will get the first of three new characters that you can choose to play as . when you get them all you can select to play as templar , the leader that doesnt pick sides , luger the sexy female assasin who once dated templar , rico the machine gun carrying tough guy , and helgar a half helghast half human guy that can pass off as a helghast soldier . all very cliche characters . it doesnt really matter who you are because they all pretty much follow the same path , there really wouldnt have been a difference if you only could play as templar . but its nice to see the people put an extra effort and allow you to play as other people.the coolest aspect in the game for me and for many people is probably the camera . whenever you run , the camera wobbles to side as it should . when ever you reload the camera moves as your head would to look at what your doing , whenever you do anything really , the camera will also move in respect to whats happening . it gives a feeling that you really are there and that helps with the immersion the game creates so well.the way i feel about this game is that it is like halo . a linear game with challenging ai , good graphics -LRB- for a ps2 -RRB- , and a great atmosphere . but the problem with it was that it didnt go beyond what was expected , so this game is great for fps fans , especially ones who want squad based battles since there are so few games like it . i would recommend this game to people whom have ps2s and want a good fps , i would also recommend this game for people who want to explore the fps genre as this is a good example of a classic first person shooter .
 I just recently purchased one of the the new designed ps2 's and i could n't make up my mind on a great game , i looked at this game having already played it and thought to my self how much fun it would be to storm the beachhead multiplayer level like a futuristis D-Day or maybe raid the southern hills against ugly Helghast grunts . This game indeed has it all , it makes you feel like your in an actuall warzone . With the reload action , gritty color on the screen and the kicks from the guns and grenade throws ! , this game can be VERY addictive . And just think of how fun the online play will be , who 's side will you be on ? the vengeful Helghast or the human ISA ? i have to register my ps2 , buy a mem . card , and maybe a voice headset and i 'm ready . And i garuntee i will not be able to put my controller down . Oh and i ca n't spend all of my time comparing this game to Halo because they are two diff . games , Halo is more futuristic vehicle oriented game while in Killzone you feel like your in the actual warzone . The games can size up to eachother in a way . This is an awesome FPS and i reccomend this to any hardcore PS2 fan !!!!!
 Omg i cant belive those people in those professional sites that say this games is not a halo killer cuz it is !!! Halo is one of those shooters where you shoot aliens to death and ... yeah but killzone has a good story line , graphics that are almost as computer quality and ther realism is so real its like really being in the war . The thing that makes this game so good is it 's gameplay . who cares if it has framerate issues sometimes and who cares if it has some bad graphics -LRB- some times ... -RRB- . I 'd rather have a game with realism and gameplay rather than a game that the people at game spot and some other places said was good . God ! would everyone just jump off a cliff just cuz some professionals did?ok anyway heres a list of pros and conspros : * great graphics -LRB- especially up close -RRB- * REALISM !!! this game is so real !!! there are too many games where you get shot a billion times and you dont die and there are WAY too many games where the ai just stands in the open for you to kill them . not with kill zone the helghast run awayand take cover if you kill a few of their squad and when you least expect it , they come out of cover and start shooting you . * sound
 I rented this game some time ago because of all the hype . I thought the action and the graphics where good -LRB- I 'm not one of these cry babies that is never satisfied with graphics being not good enough -RRB- . However , I made it through the game somewhat quickly . Thegame could have been a little more challenging . Nevertheless , it was entertaining for the least . Kind of like futuristic nazis . Maybe a sequel would be better .
 This game is epic and it spawned the best series of shooter game . The only thing i hate about this game is you HAVE to play as the bad guys , If you actually read the story about killzone you learn why the hellghast are all angry and want their planet back . The isa forced them off of vekta and made them move to the hellish iradiated planet hellghan but the people adapted and became hellghast . And they try to take back their planet vekta from the isa around 150 years later , i would have liked to play as hellghast rather than the greedy cocky isa .
 Regardless of anyone else 's opinion , this game to me will ALWAYS be on top the list for my favorite FPS of all time . I ca n't even recall how many hours I used to spend playing this game non-stop . I could write an article explaining why its the best , but I feel you have to actually play it first to get a feel for the gameplay because it 's unique and unlike any other FPS out there . I highly recommend anyone looking for a great ps2 game , this is DEFINITELY the choice to go for . I would buy a ps2 again specifically just to play this game , I love it that much haha This game in my opinion is nothing less or short of legendary ! Not to mention the maps are brilliant , and that the Campaign has 4 different characters to play & / or choose from .
 I got the game for my brother and he love it . he plays it all the time now with his friends . and from what i have seen it looks like a really good game .
 This was a great game , and not just for the story - there is also justsomething exciting about running into scores of bullets , and spitting outplenty of your own , in a futuristic war . I liked this especially for thereplayability , what with four characters to choose from and all!Five stars all the way !
 Hi there , i recently bought this game and i must say it like it alot , BUT i have a problem with this game during play , that voice that is always shouting when an enemy or someone gets hit , is sooooooooo darn annoying , could you guys please replace that for with something more calm , it is too rough a voice and it distracts you during game play , it sounds like something for the 80 's horror movies.thanks Vidsta .
 if you have a big boy in your life -LRB- a grown man -RRB- then this is the best game for them . . it is a little graphic but my kids love watching daddy kick butt
 This game is extremely fun and addictive , get ready to be locked in until you finish . The features and graphics are great and the sound is clear . You have many options of play and a definite must have for anyone who likes first player shooter games .
 Ecellent game , even for the PS2 . I have Killzone 2 and think it 's better than Call of Duty Modrn Warfare . Not sure why I did ' t pick this game up before . Thanks for the fast delivery and great price . Very nice !
 This game paved the way for most first person shooters currently being released . It really drives home the idea of playing as a warrior of the future that is understandably more powerful and intimidating . I played through it twice when I first bought it , simply because I did n't feel like I 'd fully scratched the itch brought on by playing it . That and I wanted a chance to take things in I missed the first go-round . The multi-player is also some of the best the PS2 has to offer . So , if you 've exhausted all of the newer games available to you that make this one feel slightly dated , rest assured this is a nice throwback that is guaranteed to satisfy .
 Hey everybody , just so you know , im a halo fan . I used to think that halo and halo 2 has the best graphics , but then I saw killzone . At first I thought it was a halo -LRB- ... -RRB- and it would really suck . But then I played the demo , whatched some gameplay and cinematic footage and looked at some pics . That game is nothing like halo . I have to sadfully admit that this game is better than halo . IT has better , more realistic graphics , sound , the gameplay is awesome , there is a really cool wide variety of realistic weapons . AND IT DOSNT GET BORING !
 I have played numerous war games , and/or strategy , all of which have violence as a main theme in their ventures . But by far , the most simplistic and easy to use is Killzone . A few years have passed since this game was originally released , giving it some shelf-life for others searching for compliments to it . The visuals are stunning in some areas and could use improvement in others , depending on your television and connections of course . But what is most inspiring about the game are the use of weapons and control features . No double button excesses here , just straight forward one button manipulations . The best way to enjoy it 's overall appeal is to enter battlefield mode , whereby familiarization with all weapons and button configuration can be attained and enhanced for optimum use . Some inconsistencies exist in the game , but once your experience with the computer 's reaction time , and random strategy advantage , has adjusted itself , then you can see the true worth of this game . It will always , if allowed , have you aware of your surroundings that contribute to your advantage or disadvantage against it . Campaign mode offers the story line and all character assesments , arguing that most games have good story lines , this is more of a basic element to the game and seems to define it quite independent . Depending on your view , I do n't see it as good versus evil , more of aligining teams in an effort to learn strategic placement and adjusting for unintended outcomes . Moreover , the by far best experience is online play , which I personally recommend for everyone that is utilizing the online features with most games.All in all this game is a must for serious game enthusiasts . Have yet to enjoy the latest installment in this series , Killzone
 Hey friends , it 's the Reverend again with a spotlight on Killzone.Killzone takes you on a military thrill-ride in the far future of mankind . Interstellar travel and technological improvements in terms of terra-forming have made planetary civilization in distant regions of space possible . We have finally reached the stars!But fortunately things do n't go as planned with a bunch of Hippies merrily smoking pot on Alpha Centauri 3 or Wikka-witches happily celebrating the discovery of `` Mother earth II '' as you might think.Nope , ladies and gentlemen , there 's no peace in this universe . There 's a whole war out there , to be precise . I said
 Folks , forget about the whole `` halo killer '' contoversy . Having played both halo2 and Killzone , I can tell you that these are two VERY different kinds of games . It all depends on what your expectations are . While Halo 2 provides gamers with a pretty , surrealistic game experience , Killzone sends us to a future that is far more eerie , somber and frightening ... and in doing so , gives us a glimpse of what combat in the future might really be like . And to many of us , this is precisely what makes it so appealing.Instead of fantasy fireams and dazzling laser beams , Killzone puts your hands on a variety of powerful , forboding weapons so realistic you can practically smell cordite . And while some complain that the weapons are hard to handle or take too long to reload , these are details that make the game closer to real combat -LRB- just ask any veteran ! -RRB- Problems that critics cite about Killzone are simply overcome with strategy and practice . Think the Helgast are too hard to kill ? Then aim for headshots , set ambushes , and use explosives at every opportunity ! Even with the bevy of impressive weapons at my disposal in Killzone , I have stacked the biggest bodycounts just by using an assault rifle with its built in grenade launcher . Killzone does n't make winning easier for simple minds ... but it rewards those who use cover , strategy and ruthlessness to win.In short , Killzone consumes more of my time than any other game before it ... and those who have taken the time to explore the multiplayer modes offered know what I speak of . Since picking this game up last year , I have logged over 250 hours on the battlefields and I am still challenged by every game . Its the the best $ 50 I 've spent in ages.Killzone is , to be precise , a console game that has my highest recommendation . In my opinion , it has been shamefully overlooked and underestimated by most of the game awards and reviews done on the subject -LRB- hear that G4 TV ?! -RRB- Juts play the game , and decide for yourself . As for me , I can only hope that Killzone 2 sticks to the same vision of a dark , dingy and nightmarish future that makes its predecessor so compelling and fun .
 all i can say is that this game rocks ! i love the weapons , the maps , the storyline everything ! also these are some of the best graphics ive seen on the ps2 yet . definately a revolutionary fps engine built for the ps2 . buy this game now !
 I wo n't go as far as to declare this the HALO killer , but I will say that this game has been long overdue for the PS2 . KILLZONE is a game that graphically makes me proud , I mean lets face it , the XBOX just has better graphics all around . But KILLZONE makes up for the difference . This game is gritty , dark , and really puts you into the chaos of war . The graphics again are amazing . I ca n't wait to get the complete version of the game this week . For the PS2 , this game kills all of the competition .
 Labeled as a Halo 2 killer . I do n't know about that ... but from the brief demo KillZone looks like a very solid FPS , probably the best on PS2 which is n't saying too much I know . Killzones levels seemed to portray a decayed urban style , with some major firepower at your disposal . Right off the back killZone felt like a more dramatic and violent game than Halo . A more realistic feeling of warfare and casualties came to mind .
 I am also a beta tester . This game is going to be one of the best PS2 titles ever . The game is simply outstanding and from what I have read , it 's going to have top notch levels , enemies , and features . The online competition for a FPS is better than anything I have played on a console -LRB- MoH , Socom 2 -RRB- .
 Killzone ROCKSI really do n't know WTF the other reviewer was talking about -LRB- getting hit with the shotgun 3 times ? -RRB- A lot of the time -LRB- except for in single player -RRB- it takes LESS than one hit to be killed with the Shotgun . Ill cut the personal crap and do good OLe pros and cons.PROS-Absolutely Great Single player-good single player videos -LRB- especially when compared to Halo 2 -RRB- - Lots of good multiplayer levels-Awesome detailed single player levels -LRB- bullet/explosion holes everywhere , sprypaint , backround effect , dead people , ect . . -RRB- - Interesting and FUN guns -LRB- Shotgun can fire THREE 12 g. shots at once ! -RRB- - Great enemy AI -LRB- especially for a PS2 game -RRB- - AWESOME melee atacks in single player -LRB- different atacks trigured on different sides -RRB- -LRB- You 'd have to see em - try the knife ! -RRB-
 This game really is THE premier game for thePS2 . It leads all fields in gameplay , graphics and most of all , fun.Alright , First of all this game is just an all out frag-fest . And it 's one of the better ones at that . Ofcourse as any educated buyer , you already know the story , but I 'll tell you a little about the game it 's self . All throughout the game I noticed striking similarities between killzone and Wars that had happened before . For instance , there 's a hefty dose of Trench warfare that can be considered a rehash of WWI . Also there 's gritty urban combat , which can be seen as WWII . and then there 's soe Jungle warfare , which could be taken as a juiced up futuristic version of the Vietnam War . It 's actually really cool . Knd of lick a campaign of the Wars America 's fought in.The Graphics Are great . The whole game looks like film footage from a war . There is a grainy overlay that makes everything hazy and there is a sort of dinginess about the game . Also all of the environments are detailed and bring out the best that the PS2 has to offer ; from brightly lit rooms to debris ridden subway tunnels , this game 's graphics brings even the all-mighty X-BOX to it 's knees . Explosions look amazing , and a thick smoke hangs over the blast area for some time after the blast , making for some frantic moments of blind shooting . Killzone has some of the best particle effects I 've ever seen , meaning that every bullet hits and couses a plume of smoke , blood or bits of concrete to be thrown up into the air . It 's great to see bullets fly towards you and hit a patch of ground in front of you , sending dirt into your face , that makes for some frantic moments of scrambling for any cover you can find . Also the Weapons look amazing . From the M86 silenced weapon Lugar carries around , to Templar 's M84 , the weapon designs and graphics really are a sight to behold . The scopes reflect in certain lights and the guns are so well rendered they actually look real . This comes in handy when you see the enemies ' menacing , glowing eyes , in a dark and damp boiler room or a steemy jungle , because you feel like you have to right tools for the job.Which brings me to my next point , all of the character layouts are great . The Helghast -LRB- Your enemy -RRB- is a hulking menace , that dons an oxygen mask and has glowing orange goggles . They really do scare you when you first incounter them ; Which in turn makes it that much more fulfilling to pump one of the bug-eyed suckers full of lead.Also , when these guys drop , they fall hard , their bodies twisting and contorting , which really does add to the realism . Also , bodies are thrown in the opposite direction of a grenade blast or rocket explosion , causeing their riddled corpses to slump over metal railings or Slam into a concrete wall and be thrown to the ground . It really is cool to see the helghast bodies litter a room , it 's strangly exciting to see what will happen to a helghast trooper if you throw that grenade by them , or hit them in the stomach with a high-powered shotgun slug . The Character models and brilliant physics make this game a real treat for the eye . Also , a welcomed innovation is that an enemy soldier 's body will lay in the same location throughout your romp through the game , they do n't dissapear like they do in countless other games . To me , there is no greater joy in this game , then to walk around the room and admire the work you 've preformed on 20-30 Helghan bodies.The sound effects in this game really set it apart . From Grenade explosions to the crackle of gunfire , everything sounds realistic , adding to the thrill of `` opening up '' on a Helghast platoon . My only gripe would be that the Helghast troops repeat some of the same phrases over and over . So frequently , in-fact , that it is not uncommon to hear the same phrase screamed more than once . But still , it does add to the realism of the game , because in those frantic moments when you 're surrounded by Helghast , it does n't matter what they 're screaming , it 's still frightining.The gameplay of this game is superb . From the function of weapons to the enemy AI , this game is top notch . The enemies will engage , take cover and throw grenades when appropriate , making even the most comon troops a challenge to take out . The Helghast will work together and give covering fire for their pinned down comrades , they 'll ambush you in a hot , sticky jungle , they 'll do pretty much anything that a normal person would do , which really does make them a worthy adversary . The controls are easy to learn and make the game fun to play . The addition of a 3 button engage button is smart . Meaning that you tap L1 to throw a grenade , spit out a hail of bullets with R1 and then use your secondary weapon with R2 , it 's a brilliant scheme that allows you to always be in the middle of the action , and allows quick access to every weapon in your arsenal.Of course , you can only carry 3 weapons at a time , so deciding when to get rid of that Hish-Magnification Sniper rifle in exchange for the No Magnification M42 Machine gun can be a challenge in itself , The whole game has kind of an action-reaction relationship . From Wheather or not to pick up the Heavy Machine-gun instead of keep your sniper rifle , to decideing shich enemy to take out first , each decision makes for a seperate reaction , good or bad , you just have to suck it up and live with it.This game 's single player is extrarodinary , but the multiplayer aspect of Killzone is where it really shines . There 's nothing more fun than Running around on a gritty beach , taking out enemies or sprinting back to a base with a supply pack , with bullets whizzing past your head . The online is fun too , it 's pretty much the same , but there 's 16 REAL people in a map at once . It 's honestly all out insanity . My only complaint about the Multiplayer is that there are very few multiplayer maps , but still , the maps that exist , are THE BEST multiplayer maps I 've ever played on.Now it 's time for a little `` Attacking '' I like the way the Reloading and Grenade tossing animations are . It gives a nice touch to an already realistic game , and it makes it makes the game really look like it 's title , a First Person Shooter . Here 's a Summary of the game : Gameplay
 Ok , here 's the layout on Killzone . It takes place in the near future where 2 groups of people are warring , the ISA and the Helghast . You play the leader of an ISA commando squad . You fight through 11 levels of intense action set in jungles , urban cities , and forests . Killzone is a mission based squad shooter . You can take command with any of the 4 characters in your team before you start each level . With 26 weapons at your disposal , the ability to command your team -LRB- via headset -RRB- , a 2 player co-op mode , and 12 player online vs , this looks to be the best fps on the ps2 -LRB- and way better than Halo -RRB- . The graphics are visually stunning and some of the best there are . There are multiple ways to complete each level , depending on the character you choose to play out of your team . Nope , no goofy aliens , your fighting humans and robots . And , if your key team member gets taken out , then you have to start the level over again . Well that 's Killzone for ya ' . So far that 's pretty much all that Sony has released . I 'll write more once I get more info .
 So close to perfection , if only it was n't for those graphical glitches , and the rare but present frame rate problem , the game could 've been EXCELLENT but it turn out GREAT , all flaws taken into consideration , I think is a must have for FPS lovers .
 I already had Killzone and I bought it again because I wanted to get into it again and play online . Good story , nice range of characters and good replay value .
 This game is a lot of fun . Sure , the story could have been better , big deal ! Games should n't be defined by their plots . That 's what movies are for . I love this game . When I first bought it , I could n't put it down . This game makes me want to buy a PS3 just so i can get the sequel . If you enjoy First Person Shooters , then this is for you .
 i have played this game before but it is great to buy . i really like this game and i recommed it for everyone over 17 becouse there is some fowl words .
 The storyline is fairly hokey , IMHO . But is that why we lay down money for first-person shooter games ? No way . This game delivers the goods , in a way that many FPS games do n't . That is , there is plenty of strategy involved , down to what weapons you use , and when.In other games , the weapons are simply a matter of aesthetics - -LRB- do you like to blow stuff up ? Or blow somebody 's head off ? -RRB- In this game , the situation you 're in dictates which weapon the player will use . Facing a massive onslaught on Helgast ? Better have a grenade launcher . Are you in a shootout with a single enemy in a tight spot ? The pistol comes in handy.And you 'd better find cover . Otherwise , you are dead . In many FPS games , cover is optional , but in this game it 's a matter of life and death.Moreover , you have a choice of characters . Again , this is n't just a matter of whim . There was actually one point in the gane where I HAD TO SWITCH characters to make any progress . That 's because some characters are made for stealth , whereas others are made to withstand a massive onslaught . The wrong character at the wrong time can actually make life harder.An intriguing game , with plenty of bang for the buck .
 if u ask me , this is better than halo . Halo feels more cartooney to me . I dont like halo i think it is a horrible franchise but ... Killzone is morerealistic and the graphics look like PS3 ! theyr amazing and no frame rate issues in it.Plus the combat is intense and fierce . Dont let the costumes fool u . The enemy soldiers can take a lot of hits and takes a lot of strategy involved to kill thes guys . It made me feel that i was in saving private ryan buy it .
 After having played killzone I can honestly say I enjoyed the experience more than I enjoyed Halo 2 . If I knew then what I know now about Killzone I would definitely buy it again . Killzone is not without flaws though . It suffers from obvious texture pop in -LRB- a problem also found in Halo 2 -RRB- and enemies have a bad habit of saying the same things over and over again . With that said it is a cinematic game with a welcome level of realism not found in many fps 's . In the end I look forward to playing Killzone 2 .
 i put 5 's for it all for the fact if you have played the past atv games you knwo the 3rd one has ot be just as great . i mean come on they speeded up gameplay . total of 34 diffrent freestyle tricks a new garage mode hell yeah i ca n't wait for it at allplus nwo u can ahev up to 6 riders in 1 room so that is a major plus over the 4 that was in atv 2
 ATV Offroad fury is n't to much different then the first one . Just new stunts , new tracks , new cars . The game is not out yet obviously but it has racing fans saving their money . Even though I have the first game the third one is worth the buy . Let me point out a few good things .1 . The stunts look so cool -LRB- Dont try them at home or anywhere else ! -RRB- 2 . The backround music is never badHere is the only thing thats bad .1 . It 's kind of like a repeat of the first one except for better.That 's all that I know about the game but I am finding out more !
 Excelente producto y embalaje . El tiempo en llegar a Venezuela y entrega depende de la Aduana Venezolana . El tiempo de entrega en Miami se cumple segun lo indican al hacer la compra .
 Great game for my 6 yearold grandson he loves it . He likes the option of golf carts or even monster trucks . he plays it for hours
 Great game , with a pretty good soundtrack , it was always a childhood favorite and I as happy to get it back on my shelf ! The whole series is enjoyable .
 This is a very fun game overall.The Graphics are VERY good . Everything is clear and easy to see -LRB- Except for on the `` Training '' level . -RRB- Also , the effects are just about as realistic as you can get on the Playstation 2 system.The gameplay is pretty frustrating at first , if you 're used to playing ATV 2 , but once you get used to it it is REALLY fun.The soundtrack is very good , there was only a few songs I did n't care for ... Of course , that 's just personal preference.The thing I like best about this game is the fact that all of the features are easy to use.I like everything about this game except for two things
 ATV Offroad fury is n't to much different then the first one . Just new stunts , new tracks , new cars . The game is not out yet obviously but it has racing fans saving their money . Even though I have the first game the third one is worth the buy . Let me point out a few good things .1 . The stunts look so cool -LRB- Dont try them at home or anywhere else ! -RRB- 2 . The backround music is never badHere is the only thing thats bad .1 . It 's kind of like a repeat of the first one except for better.That 's all that I know about the game but I am finding out more !
 Fantastic game!Before this was released I was real worried about Rainbow not making the third instalment . Thank god the new company did a great job of it though ! The customisation options are neat , everything on your bike can be changed from the paintwork right down to tweaking the shocks . The tracks themselves are a big improvement on the last game , more of them , and a better variety of locations . You had the train in the last game , in this one you 've got aeroplanes , blimps , and tanks ! Not that you can ride them of course!So there you have it , do n't listen to those complaining about the lack of real manufacturers . All it is , is a name after all . The bikes themselves look very detailed to make up for this , you can actually see the chassis and the rider up close in this game compared to the last one . Almost like an XBOX game graphically on PS2 ! And best of all , the ATVs handle just like the old Fury2 I 've been playing for years !
 I got this game about 2 years ago . I play it all the time . Its graphics kik the other 2 offroad fury 's butts . theres alot more to custom ize like tires and exhaust to boost your acceleration and speed . There are lots of different kinds of terrian too . It is also lots of fun , if you cant wait to get the special fury quad , to get a gameshark or codebreaker to put on cheats . also just a little hint ... . if u have atv offroad fury 2 and 3 on the same memory card you get a special quad called the g-ride .
 This is my favorite atv game and it still is today . I dont know why everyone gives this game a one star . It has excellent graphics great sound and the tracks r either real or very creative . The graphics r so good that they could be no better today for the ps2 . There r many more things to do on this one than the older ones like painting ur atv , choose gear and what color u want the gear , costom sticker on the atv or the gear and where u want to put them , exaust , tires , nerf bars , and bumpers . There r allot more atvs and gear to choose from than the older ones too . There is a waypoint editor so u can make ur own track wherever u want . There is allot more places to go to on it and there is allot more mini games for multiplayer . There is so many trophys to unlock on it and that unlocks the atvs and gear . This is a very good game for the ps2 .
 This is a great game for ps2 . They took what was so great about ATV2 and added some mini games and some extras that put this game over the top . This is the best ATV offroad fury game yet and I definitely recommend this to anyone with a ps2 .
 This game is cool beacuse u can go to a level that where your driving around on a 4 wheeler while the forest is burning and there some mud and alot of water . You can get cool 4 wheelers but the bad thing is that the best 4 wheeleru can buy is like alot lot like 755 thousand credits i tihnk i dunno but its alot and itll take me a while even tho i finshed alot of races and alot of freestyle levels im not even close to enough to buy the best 4 wheeler in the game . Overall its the best 4 wheeleing game ive ever played . There are plenty of levels in carrer mode . The races arent too hard . You have a large choice of mufflers , 4 wheelers , gloves , suites , gogles , tires , mini games and many more . In freeride there are cool levels theres ones where your at an army base theres another where your all around puddles and alot more amazing inviorments . Most of all THERE ARE PLENTY OF JUMPS . There are good songs . The only thing i didnt like was the graphics when your in the menu but the graphics when your racing and stuff are amazing . its not to hard to bust out tricks . I 'd reccomend this game for a person into racing and exitment . Another thing is is that its not realy good for a person just buying a playstation 2 but overall one of the best games ive play on playstation 2 .
 This game is better than Jak 2 bcause of the Vraity of guns . Also for the cool cars.The way you swich cities are pretty cool , but the new powers are were it 's at . I gives Jak3 a 10/10
 Jak 3 is the most awesome game . Even though it took me three days , its a really cool game . I like how you can use vehicle turbos . I also like the new weapon upgrade for the peace maker gun . The best was the last one . The new flighing light Jak is cool . And I really did like the dark Jak blast attack.Overall the gun I liked the best was the Vulcan Fury . That was the best machine gun ever . I 'll say it again , Jak 3 ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 No wonder you hate this game if you like pokemon -LRB- viewer below mine -RRB- . Pokemon is for 5 year olds . Anyway this is the best game ever , with 12 guns , light and dark jak , great story line and a new city from the second one . Great job naughty dog .
 Jak3 is awesome ! There 's so much you can do . Unlike jak2 , in jak 3 it is more than just one big city . It 's two big cities and a Huge area of wasteland . If your gon na say that Ratchet and Clank
 Jak3 is one of the best games I 've ever played . I find it is a great way to wrap up the Jak and Daxter series . Lots of new guns -LRB- 12 in all -RRB- , new vehicles , and now along with dark jak , they have light jak . This game has it all . Lots of action , plenty of missions , and new characters too . If your a big fan of action/adventure games , then this game is a must .
 So , let 's see , i just beat Jak 3 today and I have to say , I found myself lacking that certain special feeling of happiness . When I beat Jak II , I got this overwhelming feeling of confidence . I had beaten a kick-ass platformer . The sequel would be even better ... right ? Well , not exactly . Do n't get me wrong , the game kicks major ass , but it just does n't leave as much of an impression as the first or second . And ... well ... let 's just say the Precursors are n't all they 're cracked up to be , and the game leaves many questions about the Precursors and Mar unanswered.Now for the pros . The ability to transform into both Light Jak and Dark Jak at will is great . People do n't freak out when you go Dark , and you can change back into Jak at will . Best of all , you can transform into either Dark or Light Jak without filling the meters fully , meaning even if you collect one dark or light eco ball , you 'll still be able to transform . There are more Dark Powers , including invisibility . You get many nice light powers as well , including the ability to heal yourself , create shields , and best of all , fly . You can trasform into Light Jak and glide about the rooftops whenever you feel like it . It 's complete and total freedom.The ending , although not as satisfying as the past two games , is still very satisfying . I ca n't wait for Jak 4 . They even say at the end that many adventures lie ahead . So , what , another two years ? So what ? I 've got plenty of Precursor Orbs to find , and that should tide me over quite nicely . See ya in my review of Jak 4 !!
 I just got this game and it is so good . The plot now is that Jak has been banished to the wasteland for life because of his `` friendship `` with Krew . Daxter and Pecker decide to join him . I 'd tell you more but you could just buy the game and see for yourself.Here are the best things about this game :1 . The graphics are the best I 've ever seen .2 . Instead of the Hover cars you get incredible dune buggies that have guns with unlimted ammo .3 . The mystery of the precursers will finally be solved .4 . Dark Jak is back with new and old moves .5 . All new light Jak .6 . Earl is back and part robot .7 . Each gun has upgraded modes .8 . New leaper lizards -LRB- kind of like the one in the first Jak and Daxter -RRB- .9 . You get to fight Sig .10 . The game has enough so you do n't get bored or finish in two seconds.I have ` nt finished the game yet so I 'll update this when I do .
 Jak 3 is the sequel of jak 1 & 2 . In this game , there are 12 guns and 11 vechiles . the guns are needle gun , single shot , bounce shot , gun pod , shotgun , 360 radius shot , grenade launher , mini gun , laser gun , EMP gun , anti gravity gun , and nuclear missle launcher . Halo 2 , San Andreas , and Tony Hawk are all good games , but jak 3 is going to be better . If you like guns , flying cars , and action , you MUST get this game !!!!
 Jak 3 is a game to go down in the history books ! I 've read all about it in magazines and it is going to be awsome . Now Jak has a light eco to balance out his dark eco . The light eco has healing powers and whatnot , but do n't worry , you can still turn into the rampaging dark Jak . And with Daxter and Pecker along you know it is going to be hilarious ! It 's a must buy !
 you should really play it it is awsome i loved it but it was hard destroying the hellcat cruisers THE END
 If you love Jak 1 and 2 you will fall in love Jak 3 , it left off after part 2 . I really recommend it , it 's a awesome game
 I only bought the game again because my copies of the trilogy were stolen a while back and I kept having nostalgic moments of the games , but I 'm so glad I re-bought them . Since they arrived , which was 2 days before the estimate , I 've replayed em like 4 times . FYI to all those who buy this , the default sticks are inverted so it takes a while to get used to unless you figure out they can be changed to inverted -LRB- which is normal mode in every other game -RRB- .
 This game 's great too . I got the 1st 2 Jak & Daxter games & hope they continue this series . 5 stars : -RRB-
 I started out playing Jak 2 , then Jak and Daxter , and now Jak 3 . All amazing games . I liked Jak and Daxter especially because it is soo much less dark than 2 , and 3 . But even though , they still very good .
 The game is good , it has action , races , guns ... I loved the cars you get to drive in the dessert and the new guns were amazing ! -LRB- Often thought about how great they would have been in the second game , Lol -RRB- But there was a thing I did not like at all
 The game itself is fun but there are some missions that 'll make you break a controller plus missions tend to get a bit reppettitive . Overall a good buy .
 if your interested at all in buying this game you should , its better then jak 1 or 2 . I think alot of people were disapointed at how hard jak 2 was sometimes and were expecting the same thing from jak 3 but were then astonished that it was still hard enough to enjoy it but it wasn ` st to hard . Also the weapons are better because you get 3 atachments to each gun and for the peace maker you get an atachment that 's a nuke . Also the story line is intense and it makes want to play on not just for the sake of killing metal heads but because you want to know more and at the endyou find out who the precursors are and better yet who jaks dad is . And something that you may want to do if you get this game is well you might want to save up precosurs becaus you ac buy gun upgrades under the extra 's menu . So any one who wants to should really buy this game .
 I love this game.one thing I loved about this game is you get to be daxter , but only on some missions . I also like you get more than 4 guns , you get 12 guns . each gun gets 2 up grades , like you get a gun then it up grades then the last up grade.you meet more people to.i think it is better than jak 2 . If you can find this game under $ 20.00 you sould get it
 At first I easily got into the flow of the game . I found myself dying less and less because I figured out each mission had certain ` snags ' that could be overcome if I learned to look out for them . Like in the car races , I learned to take the lead early , then outpace all the others steadily . And with the weapons , earning secrets made them more powerful . Earning secrets was a fun twist . The game had helpful hints on how to control Jak and the moves are pretty standard -- jump , swing on pole , etc. . I liked the jumping of the cars . The cars we 're probably my favorite part . Driving through the wasteland is very realistic and functional . Also there was a hoverboard , like a skateboard which I got used to controlling after training . It came in handy sometimes.I liked the city challenges and the fact that there was always some way to earn needed gems by killing random enemies.Overall it was fun ! I finished in about 2 weeks . A definite classic . I will look forward to Jak on PS3
 When I purchased this game from Amazon , I was stoked to play this game as soon as I had received it . I like how the game involves more scenic variety as opposed to the Jak 2 setting in the dark and ominous Haven City . The storyline is great and I am impressed how Naughty Dog kept the plot interesting by having the player guess who the Precursors are and who Mar is . The gameply is basically the same as the previous games but I still recommend this game to those who love action and adventure .
 The next jak game will be a racing Game called JAK X COMBAT RACING . It will be on PS2.There is also a game featuring Daxter for PSP .
 Fun , lots of vehicles , tough challenges , and a lot of surprises . Italso has a long story line that goes with the first two games .
 This game is the most fun game i EVER played . . I 've played the two last ones and this IS THE BEST.These are the reasons why u should buy this game . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Fun Game-play not too hard not too easy . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Awesome graphics -LRB- Excellent Artifical Intelligence -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- A hand full of different weapons -LRB- Weapons have mods -RRB- . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Very good fighting tec . . -LRB- Dark Jak and Light Jak -RRB- -LRB- 5 -RRB- Perfect Story , very detailed and interesting . * To understand the story i suggest playing the prior games .
 This game is so very fun i cant put it down ! -LRB- Really even all my friends like it . not dissapointed . -RRB-
 I owned the first and second jak games and i needed to get this one.im going to point out the great parts which are many and the bad parts which are few.GREAT PARTS ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- , jak 3 has a beautiful story line which has betrayal freindship and drama you get cast out of haven city with his anoying pal daxter into the wasteland to die for being full of dark eco and is taken in by a waste lander named count veger and you are forced to work for him but your work pays off because you get guns and other goodies along the way . -LRB- 2 -RRB- , You can openly explore a fully detailed waste land which by the way is huge but beware for there are other waste landers that will try to do you in . -LRB- 3 -RRB- , YOU can , if you like this sort of thing , go around the waste land city shooting or beating the crap out of civilians. , Lastly there are many missions and arions for you to do so you wo n't finish this game in 5 seconds AND YOU NOW HAVE THE POWER TO SLOW DOWN TIME AS LIGHT ECO JAK !! . BAD PARTS ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- , Some times the waste land dune buggys are hard to control ! . lastly im disapointed that haven city wase n't more explorable as it was in the 2nd jak.Other than that its a solid game with a wide aray of weapon upgrades and dune buggies to ride in , by the way each dune buggy has a different capibility some are fast some aare slow some are tough some are flemsy.the contrls are preety much the same if you like great adventure games this one is for you . ALSO IF YOU HAVE DOUGHTS ABOUT IT RENT IT FIRST AT LEAST ITS A GREAT GAME THATS HARD TO PASS UP .
 wicked good game cant get enough of it you learn so much from it it is sick at likfe you cant live without it you need it it is the best game of the year and of everrrrrr !!
 Jak is back after a year of what seemed to be peaceful times . After the dealings with Krew and Kor , the people of Haven City turned on Jak . Jak is banished to the Wastelands , where Sig lives , for life by Veger . Daxter is banished as well and Pecker comes along . After fainting , Jak and the gang are found by Damus , the king of the city of Spargus and his pack of forgotten ones . Damus gives Jak a challenge , and if he does n't pass , `` it will be as if he was never found . '' After passing the tests , Kliever , who will be much like Krew , giving you weapons and vehicles , gives you a series of missions . New Dark Eco powers will be revealed as well as a Light Eco form . There will be 4 guns with 3 possible upgrades , or 12 possible ways to kick Metal Head butt . When this game hits the stores , you all know where I 'll be . All will be revealed , in Jak 3 .
 Jak III is going to hit the tops of the charts . I have both of the first two Jak adventures but this one should be even better -LRB- And that is really good -RRB- !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 First M. Aviles Why do n't you shut up because there is nothing you can do to me and what can you do , text attack me . That is so noobish . Also you need to learn how to spell you little bastard . Anyway , my brother is going to type now . Hey , my name is Kai and as you know i said i was going to get to the review . Now lets get started shall we . First jak is n't the end of the jak trilogy , a fourth chapter of the game will be coming out -LRB- look at your nearest blockbuster , thier games come out early -RRB- . Second , the gameplay is O.K , its like medium , not to hard and not to easy . Third , the gun switch is ok -LRB- i did n't say great because it sometimes gets frustrating -RRB- . Fourth there are 12 guns you get to choose from and one ultimate destroyer , The Super Nova . The super nova is an upgrade to the peacemaker , all of the four guns have upgrades thats what makes it 12 . Also you get some guns early , like i got the blaster gun on the first or second level . Then there is Jak 's powers , as you know there was dark jak in the second chapter , now there is light jak who is very cool , he has light flight , flash freeze , light regeneration and light shield . Dark jak only has one new feature and thats shadow invisibility . Shadow invisibility is where jak turns invisible by a certain statue -LRB- based on what the book said -RRB- . Also they have jak 3 stratigy guides , so if you need help or ca n't pass a level , buy one . I have the whole jak kit , stratigy guide and game . Also the story line is good to understand , jak got thrown into a wasteland because the citizens said he caused the trouble in thier city and because of his dark power . Now he has to travel the wasteland in great varieties of dune buggies and work for this guy , do n't know his name . He has to work for him and save the city once again . Also this game is too short , i beat it in 12 hours . So if you are interested in this game , get it now . Also , not being mean but its rated t for teen , but you can get it anyway , i 'm not like my brother . Bye , see ya later . P.S you will see me in other reviews .
 Jack 1 was fun . Jack 2 was a bore . Jack 3 Rocks .
 As expected in any trilogy , the third 's always a charm , so it should n't be any surprise that the finale of Jak and Daxter 's adventure is also the best of the bunch . There 's much more of the tried-and-true gameplay that made the sequel so refreshing , plus there are plenty of new ideas to give Jak 3 that extra appeal . Jak 3 starts right where Jak II finishes . Jak and Daxter have been banished from the city , only to end up in another town where the skills of a seasoned hero fit in perfectly among the citizenry . Much like the sequel , Jak and sometimes Daxter must accomplish a variety of tasks to prove their worth , which include everything from driving challenges and arena fighting to hang gliding and just shooting things to smithereens . It 's literally more of what made Jak II so popular -- having all sorts of gameplay modes that smoothly mesh with the entire story . Halfway through the game , the story starts to actually unfold , and the two heroes find themselves uncovering a plot that not only connects the politics of the old city , but also somehow involves the fate of the entire world . Jak 's world is essentially two worlds in one . You can actually shuttle between both free-roaming towns and explore or take on various tasks at your leisure . There 's a lot to see , too . Each town is designed to have distinct neighborhoods that come alive with their own detailed structures , colorful topography , and wandering inhabitants . And like in two , you can get around faster by `` borrowing '' a hovercraft , or , if you 're in the countryside , a two-legged oversized rodent . Indeed , the core of Jak 3 is the multifaceted gameplay . But if you thought some of the challenges tipped your frustration level to high last time , just wait until you play through this third round . While completing most objectives can be moderately challenging , there are a handful of missions that can easily fill your rage meter , which newbies to the series might not appreciate . Jak 3 also tries to utilize every type of button combination -- a trying task especially when you need to quickly remember how to switch between four weapons -LRB- with multiple variations -RRB- , dark and light power , your hoverboard , and various fist and jump attacks . Still , although it can be overwhelming at times , being a part of all the different action is actually a fun experience . True , various gameplay styles have been included in other games , but Jak 3 does it the best . It is about presentation , and Jak 3 presents the action in an engaging , meaningful way that keeps you glued to the very end . Jak certainly continues his charm as a classic adventurer .
 I give this game a 5 star rating.The game play is great one of the best ive seen.The graphics are good along with the AI.This is a game that someone from the age of 6 up to 35 can enjoy playing.I highly recomend this to anyone who plays games .
 I 've been a really big fan of Jak and Daxter eversince the first game came out . When I heard that Jak 3 had been released I got really excited ! I 've beaten the game in less then a week not because it was easy . It 's the story plot that hooked me in I wanted to know what happened next . I screamed a couple of times because I could n't believe what I was hearing . Like when the game says Death I wondered who would but the way it happened shocked me . I really do believe that Jak 4 will be made because they made it truly obvious . So I 'm just going to wait until the next one comes out . I found one moment near the end of the game quite sad though but I had predicted it would happen . Hint for some people who wanted to know who Jak 's father was you 'll find out in the game quite interesting . So Play on and happy blasting !
 For the ratchet and clank fans out there : If you think ratchet and clank 3 is going to be better than jak 3 , do n't say that here . It makes no sense , and your bacially just reviewing R&C ; 3 . put that in the R&C ; 3 reviews , not these ones . I think ** Personally ** that J&D ; 3 is going to be better , because R&C ; is bacially just wopping stuff with tools . and Daxter is at least FUNNY . So , like it says : Tell us what you think . Write a review of this item and share your opinions with others . Please be sure to focus your comments on the product . Read our review guidelines for more information .
 Jak3 is awesome with all it 's new weapons and abilities and it is a little challenging . It is also awesome riding in the desert with all these different vehicles !!!
 I only played about 60 percent through before i had to return it the the rentyal place . But from what i saw it 's awsome ! there are so many more weapons and vehicles . Overall this is harder than II but more fun . some of the objectives you do are difficult but you 'll be laughing at some of the silly mistakes you make . Overall i would by this game .
 I found out this game was gon na be realeased a week before it came out . Since I am such a huge fan of the previous games , I had to have this one . It turned out to be a great game , but I was a little disappointed.The story picks up from the last game , but it was stupid that Jak was banished from Haven City after he saved the city from total destruction in Jak 2 . The Wasteland was actually a great setting for the game , but everything was too close together . The idea to have ATVs in their made it a fun and exciting journey though.Haven City was a lot different this time around . It was nearly as big as before and not much to explore . That whole market place area of the city and the wooded area over the water were bother missing and this new area was added . It was n't very good . But if you can ignore the changes , the story will definitely suck you in.Yes , the mystery of the precursors is solved in this game . You actually get to see who they are ! But quite frankly I was very disappointed when I found out what they really -LRB- Daxter ... -RRB- were . I kind of makes the whole adventure from all 3 games seem very unfulfilling . Even the characters in the game express their feelings that way.Overall the game was fun , but it seemed very rushed and that they did n't spend a lot of time putting the story and game together . I would have to say Jak 2 was the best game of the trilogy . But do n't play it unless you have played Jak & Daxter cuz you will be absolutely lost . It was also too easy cuz I beat it in 3 days . If I had time to play it for 24 straight hours I would have finished it in a day . Thanks to the creators for putting `` a ton '' of extras in this game which will keep you into for a long time.I 'd say buy it , cuz even if it 's lacking , it was still a great game and a lot of fun ! I hope they will continue this series for many more games !
 I 'll admit , I 've been a fan of this series since it first came out . To be honest , I 'm a fan of all Naughty Dog 's games . Yet , Jak II left me seriously considering abandoning the series . Not that it was a bad game -LRB- by any means -RRB- . It was just there were moments in the game that were so insanely difficult that it left me cussing like a madman . Fortunately , I stuck it out and kept playing and it turned out to be an even better game than the first . Now , the third is upon us and I 'm really impressed with it . You can play as both Dark Jak and Light Jack with new move sets , such as the ability to glide over great distances and more . There 's an awesome arsenal of new weapons with upgradeable mods . Enemies fall with realistic ragdoll physics and that 's not all . You get to drive a variety of vehicles , amongst other things . Sadly , this game concludes the story that began with The Precursor Legacy but it 's good to see how the story ends . Naughty Dog made the series look even better with this one . Action/Platformer fans are really going to love this one.As of my writing this review , Naughty Dog has a PSP Daxter game planned , which I 'm seriously looking forward to . Plus , Jak X
 Get ready for Jak and Daxter who now get trapped in a waste landby a new villian.I 'm not going to tell you who he is ... but I cantell you that Jak got a new ability to now turn into light Jak!When you turn into light Jak you can glide in the air ! Now Jak has to stop the -LCB- villian . -RCB-
 Sorry about My 1st Review I fixed the mistakes . Here is the Review without the mistakes and more.While all the jak games are exellent it is n't the same without beating them in order . Yes Jak 2 is hard but it reveals so much about jak 1 . Jak 3 does the same for Jak 2 . Beat them in order so it dose n't ruin the story for you . The story is exellent better than Ratchet and Clank 's . I like the gameplay better than R&C ; 's too . Jak 3 is the 2nd Best jak game in my opinion . Jak 2 is definatly the best jak game so far . The Precursor Legacy is over but the Jak games are not . There is some news about a Jak 4 in the work 's . This game has more guns than Jak 2 and less fustrating missions . This game has great graphics the best of any jak game . The replay value is increased by the precursor orbs , the gun courses , and the little missions . This is the Best RPG series on the PS2 . By Texx
 I have jak 2 and its better than jak and daxter so this one must be better !!! U get light jak !!! 12 GUNS !!! and if u think thats it they hav a desert 5 TIMES THE SIZE OF HAVEN CITY !!! THATS BIG !!!!!!!!!! SO GO OUT AND GET IT QUICK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! peace ... out
 im not exactly the best with video games but ive played a little of jak and jak 2 but im pretty excited to play the third game . im curious what jak will look like -LRB- hopefully he wont look all old -RRB- . well this review kinda sucks but i just dont have that much to say . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Games came extremely quick , even though it was the Holiday . Sorry took so long to reply ... fast shipping , and excellent condition !! Would buy from again ! Thanks !!
 Remember why you love games ? Sometimes I do n't . Sometimes I forget why I so ambitiously poked and prodded my way into this industry in the first place . Sometimes my eyes glaze over and I ca n't see anything beyond the dreaded fog of lowbrow racers , backward brawlers , and sensationally awful shooters whose only benefits are the neat arcs that zigzag out of the microwave after the third minute in . Sometimes I just want to vacate and make sandwiches for a living . Then I play Jak 3 and I remember -- I remember warmth and happiness and days untouched by the all consuming hopelessness of Varmint Hunter . -LRB- I hate that game something fierce , by the way . -RRB- Every so often a game comes around that 's right and it makes me remember . It 's a game that makes piles of other lesser games very , very wrong . There are precious few words that can so accurately describe this `` correct '' product in its entirety , but there are plenty to describe individual parts of it . Jak 3 is right , but if you dig through your lexicon you can easily break the game down into chunks of gorgeous , wonderful , fun , slick , polished , tight , balanced , well-produced , hilarious , intense , diverse , and wondrous ... Buy it or die.And if I were a smart man , I 'd leave the article there and fill the rest of this page with videos of me giddily smiling and playing -LRB- it 's a sort of stationary prance -RRB- . Since I 'm not that intelligent , here comes my winded review of choice.As the third in a series of mascot titles , Jak 3 makes an even more radical departure from Jak 1 than Jak 2 did . Basically , there are more vehicles and there is a bigger emphasis on shooting . Before I explain how and why this is good , I feel compelled to clear the air a bit . On IGN , Jak 2 was grossly overrated . I 'm sorry , but the tedium of hover driving just was n't any good . In fact , Jak was probably regarded a touch too highly , also . All that is now spilt milk . Do n't dwell on it , for whether you compare Jak 3 to its predecessors or take it as a standalone title , you 're in for a phenomenal experience that must not be missed -LRB- less you welcome death at our hands -RRB- . Desert Racing = GoodTo understand this , let 's first look at why the third is better than the second . Jak 2 had a real problem with pacing . Not only was it a tedious game that featured excessive use of hovercraft in Haven City , the missions were n't successively disparate enough , which made playing through a bulk of the title redundant and almost trivial . Jak 3 remedies this entirely . The first half of the game actually features little to no prerequisite world navigation . Missions come back-to-back and take moments to reach . When it is required to move to a distant point , the game will actually tack on extra missions between points A and B so that there is always something exciting to do.After the second half of Jak 3 there are a few instances where you 'll be required to revisit a scaled down version of Haven and see it from the saddle of a hover-crap-thing , but even this is infinitely more enjoyable than it was before . First of all , you do n't have to worry about wretched cops . Second , the city itself is engulfed in war and eventually every street turns into a massive battlefield where it can sometimes feel like there are more combatants than buildings.Not only do you move between missions faster than before -LRB- and over more interesting terrain -RRB- , the missions themselves are also finely honed , balanced , and extremely diverse . It 's not uncommon to rapidly switch between racing , time sensitive platforming , incredibly complex platforming , free-roaming action , free-roaming shooting , on-rails shooting , and freaking tobogganing . Some missions are more challenging than others and will require a few deaths to figure out , but the classic Jak instant load is in place , so getting back into things is never a big issue.Now we come to where Jak excels on its own . Simply , Jak did n't piss me off . It sounds tripe , but it 's extremely important . I died a hundred times while playing through the game for this review , but I never became seriously upset and I did beat it . When I thought about this for a time , I figured something important out
 ok , let me get this strait , it matters that jak 3 is copying ratchet and clank ?!? who cares that two are copying each other ? i think that jak 3 is a great game . -LRB- and Helana Jaffe , what does poke ` mon have to do with jak 3 anyways ? -RRB-
 WHICH WOULD YOU CHOOSE JAK 3 OR JAK 2 AS THE BETTER GAME?I WOULD CHOOSE JAK 2 . WHY ? BECAUSE IT 'S BETTER . MORE ACTION . MORE FUN AND MOST HARDEST GAME YOU EVER PLAYED.MORE MISSIONS . IT WILL TAKE 101 SKILLS TO BEAT . ARE YOU READY OR ARE YOU CHICKEN TO PLAY .
 This game rocks!you can ride around in dune buggys.See haven city again.Lots of gun.And in the end , you will `` really '' know Jak .
 I just wrote a review for this game and after writing it I decided to see what people thought of it ... Alot of people thought it was awesome . But then again there was some people who absolutley hated it ! You know what that really is n't true what they say because I found the game quite entertaining . So R AND C fans say that it was copied from Jak 3 . Hey I have n't even played the game but I watched my brother play the demo for it and I can already tell that it sucks . I do n't even want to go near it . Yes I could agree that the car missions were stupid but the game plot was perfect and the graphics were fine . There is one more thing that did kind of make my mind think . They changed the voice for Kiera and animation and does Jak like her or not ! I mean I thought he did in the first two games.So that is my final review . From die hard fan WitchChild
 the missions are a little hard but make sure you pay attention to the little movie things , lol ! It is so fun when you complete the game . Get this game and all the other Jaks it is wicked ! It makes other games look pathetic .
 Jak 3 is really fun . It has more weapons than Jak 2 . Now you can turn into Dark Jak and Light Jak . Your enemies now are much harder to defeat and challenging .
 i saw a video for jak 3 and its so cool i 'm going to get it this game is going to rock all the other jak games 1 sucked 2 was good and now 3 this is awesome i love jak and daxter i 'm such a huge fan of it ca n't wait for it to come out
 dont get me wong this game is great but rachet and clank is way better than jak
 Well , to start of that evil little 13 year old is my brother , second , shut up , third and leave him alone . He got is ps2 4 weeks ago when he was 13 so stop acting like a smart a ** because you do n't know where or when we got our things . So anyway , people are saying this game is the end of the jak trilogy , well . . IT IS NOT . They are going to have a jak 4 . Anyway , this game has tons of fun gameplay , you can ride dune buggies -LRB- that are hard to control sometimes , you have 12 guns , and you can transform into light jak too , he looks so tight and cool , i like the way he stands . Also your in a wasteland which is 5X the size of haven city . You will have to work for this man , who i think is ugly . So get this game , you wo n't be sorry . P.S
 Dude ! These games totally rock !!! I LOVE Jak 2 and Rachet & Clank !!! I 'm a `` SUPERFAN '' of these games !!!!! I mean they 're TOO HOT to miss !!! Wonder if its a challenge between the two of them !! Wait , wait . Let me think ummmm ... Yeah ! Jak vs. Rachet & Daxter vs. Clank !!! Well , PIECE OUT GAMERS !!!!!! One mo thing the heroes are HOT !!!!
 This is the best Jak 3 game . If you like games you have to buy this one . fun for kids from 5-99 .
 Hey , here is a few games you 'd like to check out!Sly Cooper and The Theivious Raccoonus
 I have played the first two . Good games and all , but for some reason they make me feel lonely . The second game is not a game for the faint of heart . I 'm not sure how this one will turn out , Naughty Dog 's graphics and gameplay have always been in tip-top shape -LRB- I was a loyal fan of the Crash Bandicoot series when Naughty Dog still made them -RRB- . I will most definetly buy this game , but not right away -LRB- GO RATCHET ! -RRB- .
 This thing was cool . only problem was at the end , it gets kind of boring . it was still cool . defernitly better than Jak and Daxter : the precurser legacy and JakII .
 I WAS AT A STORE AND I WENT TO THE VIDEO GAME SECTION I SAW THE MAIN MENU AND I THOUGHT THIS LOOKS FIMILIAR AND WHEN I STARTED PLAYING IT WAS THE DEMO OF JAK 3 !!! ITSS SOOOOOOOOOO AWESOME !!! I HAVE JAK 2 AND ITS FUN BUT JAK 3 IS SOOOO MUCH BETTER !!! JAK 3 HALO 2 AND SAN ANDREAS , THE 3 BEST GAMES EVERRRRRRRRR !!! C YA LATAOUT ...
 This game is funny and has great gameplay they say that this is gon na be the last jack & daxter game but frome thevery first time I played a jack and daxter game I loved itplease never end.From , Jon
 I was going freakin nuts when i heard about Jak 3 . I own and have beaten the first two games and they -LRB- and by they i mean Jak2 -RRB- were awesome . But there is a great storyline and i will admit not that mucgh action but this game has mad cool guns including a mod for the Peace Maker called the Super Nova and yes it destroys everything in sight . I strongly suggest gettin 50 orbs and buying unlimited ammo and then you can really have some fun . But you can unlock stuff with orns like level select , scene player , etc . Overall this game is mad awesome and funny
 Well , first off , to the evil 13-year-old , the T rating is a suggestion , not etched in stone , you 've probly been 13 for like 4 months , so do n't get your tighty-wighties all in a knot and leave the 8-year-old alone ! -LRB- Besides , Jak II came out more than a year ago , so if you bought that you , too violated the `` sacred '' T rating . -RRB- Anyway , the game , Jak 3 is simply incredible , the ragdoll physics are simply beautiful and the in-game scenarios are seamless with the gameplay , unlike the Final Fantasys where the scene animation is completely different and much better than the gameplay -LRB- which is kind of jarring -RRB- . There is no button on the controller that goes un-used , and you get to be Daxter at times , which I find to be great fun.Other non-Jak things you can be are the zoomers , the desert vehicles , the dark-maker bot -LRB- like the Titan suit in the last game -RRB- , behind the veiwer of on-vehicle guns and a cannon in Spargus , the JET Board , and riding on the Leaper Lizards in Spargus as well.The characters are very well-developed and you either love or loathe all of them . There are countless random missions placed throughout the entire game for you to grab some Precursor Orbs to buy one of a huge list of secrets . The guns are a huge help , there are 12 of them and they all come in handy at one point.The missions are kind of random in difficulty , one extremely easy one following an extremely hard one , but you can view the easy mission as a reward for completing the hard mission.The storyline brings a variety of surprises that will leave you going `` huh ? '' hours later . So , generally , I loved this game , if I were you I would get this game . It 's worth it .
 This game is very fun but to all of these DUMB CRAPPY PEOPLE sayin ratchet is better ratchet does this blah blah blah . Go review on a ratchet product , this page os for jak fans only . Also jak DID NOT copy off of ratchet jak is the one that came first , so instead of hating him you should like him because if it was n't for him ratchet would n't be here , so there . Also ratchet is nothing but a put down , i played it before and the shooting missions suck , like on this one mission where it was a little war and you had to destroy the opposing team it took me 13 or 17 shots just to destroy one of them and then when 1 is destroyed you die by another . Anyway this game is so cool , 12 varieties of guns encluding the 4 guns that was in the 2nd series , large varieties of dune buggies , like some are fas , slow , weak or powerful . Also that train level was hard , it took me 3 times to get past it . There is a light jak too , everyone knows about dark jak so lets skip to him , light jak looks so cool , he can fly , heal himself , shoot guns and slow down time , the onl feature i heard about dark jak is that he can turn invisible depending on what statue your standing by . Also this game is too short , jak2 was longer than this and jak 3 is n't the last of the series , they are going to have a jak4 , i seen it on a videogame channel where they was talking about jak . Also there is one extremly satifying gun that will blow you away , do n't know the name of it , but i heard that it destoyies everything in sight . So do n't rent this game buy it . Also for all of you losers that says ratchet it better , go review somewhere else .
 This is the best PS2 game ever . The story will amaze you and surprise you severely if you know the storyline from Jak 1 & 2 . The cut-scenes are amazing and funny . The source of weapns you have is amazing . -LRB- My favourite being the first upgrade to theVulcan Fury -RRB- You also get to drive off-road vehicles which are sometimes pretty annoying but still good.Most of the missions are at normal difficulty but others are just pure frusterating . The most frusterating mission I had to complete was a mission near the end of the game where I had to collect some Precursor ancient artifacts while driving an off-road vehicle . It was hard for I had to make some really hard jumps over broken bridges with like 10 seconds to get the next artifact while all my rivals were shooting me and crashing into me with their cars.Even though there are some really hard missions , after you best the game you will be very impressed and happy with yourself for completing the game . You 'll also be amazed at the story of all the 3 jak games -LRB- if you even understand it -RRB-
 This game is a lot of fun , My 9 year old son and I have spent 40 hours on it and we are only 1/3 of the way through the game.We have liked all the Jak titles and this is no disapointment.According to the guide , the `` game area '' is 5 times larger than the original and I believe it.Driving is an important part of this game , and they make it as much fun as possible . If Naughty Dog wanted they could spin off the driving like Crash Team Racing , or something appropriate to this title .
 Jak3 continues the story of our buddy Jak and Daxter . This around Jak has bin betrayed and abandoned from Haven City for having more Metal heads coming back . I mean . . HE SAVED THE WORLD GIVE THE GUY SOME CREDIT WILL YA ! The game pretty much gives you a new , new weapons , new weapon upgrade and a new Jak . Daxter is more playable in this one too unlike Jak 2 . Now let 's get one thing straight ... This is a very awesome and underrated game but it 's getting ignored by games like Halo and GTA . This has an awesome story even close to Zelda series . The characters are very memorable and all in all ... it 's a very great game . . The visuals are fantastic eventhough a bit glitchy . The visuals for the characters and cutscenes are very cartoony and breathtaking especially when you play the racing mission . But the choppy visuals ar n't as good as Jak 2 's Choppy visuals mainly cause there was less choppeyness in it . Besides the visuals the voice casting is superb , even though Keira 's voiced is changed and you do n't here her talk that much . The missions are just as good IF NOT better then Jak2 's mission . Some new elements have bin added like gun mods for each of you weapon and they 'll be highly worth it.The New Dark and Light Jak elements are even better then ever , especially how when youre in light jak mode you can freez time , and you can even fly ! Yup . There even more new Dark Jak abilities that I wo n't spoil . The game is n't as hard as Jak2 ... meaning . . you wo n't die as much as you did in Jak2 , not to mention it is n't as long as Jak 2 which is a big dissapointment . The Missions are absolutely amazing as I have said before but the creators could have added a bit more , not to mention the big `` CONCLUSION '' they slap at you at the end of the game . You will be either happy with the end or semi-happy like me or you 'll literaly break your ps2 for such a wierd ending ... sadly This is ND 's last Jak game so there just gon na leave us hanging ... Overall ... It 's an amazing series as a whole...Good-sweet Visuals-New weapon mods are great-Awesome Missions-Haven City is more corrupted then ever-Some very memerable missions-More Dax parts in the game-New Dark Jak Light Jak abilitiesBad-The choppy visuals get annoying-Some of the missions kinna seem the same-More driving in the game then any of the other things you can do-Not as a hard but still a bit frustraiting in some missions-This game is just TOO SHORT . I beat it in 12 hours , Jak 2 took me about 23 hours . Big difference-The Ending will make a few angry - ... :-LRB- The last Jak game ... sigh . . Overall Jak is the best cause it has everything that Jak 2 has but less of it and adds new stuff , but ruined by the ending AND the short game itself . Still Jak 3 is a great game , great visuals , great characters , awesome memerable weapons and is overall ... a great game and should be in your PS2 collection and that is why I 'm giving it a4 .4 out of 5By the way this is to a `` KIDS REVIEW '' can you stop overreviewing this game ?! Obviously it 's you who keeps reviewing it since you leave stupid sentences to people who give there opinion on the game . You 're just as annoying as that Fan who keeps leaving reviews on Chingy ! . . advice . . PUT ONE REVIEW ! . . idiot . . Lates
 This is the best game ever . Jak gets kicked out of Haven City and now is in Spargus . You can be light Jak , too . He looks bad @ $ $ . Light Jak looks so awesome . He can fly , slow time , heal , and activate a shield . There are 12 guns . Scatter gun , wave concussor , plasmite rpg , blaster , beam reflexor , gyro burster , vulcan fury , arc wielder , needle lazer , peace maker , mass inverter , and super nova . You can also get many buggies . Like tough puppy , sand shark , dune hopper , gila stomper , slam dozer , desert screamer , dust demon , and heat seeker . You better get this game cause it is the best game ever .
 Jak 1,2 , and 3 are really fun ! I love Jak but HATE daxter . The game is a million times better than rachet ! Jak Rocks
 when I heard this game was comeing out I was overjoyed . I went out and bought it 2 days after it came out . It 's a great game . Unlike the last game you get the weapons early in the game . The weapons u get are kick ass too -LRB- my favorite being the arc wielder -RRB- . Also the wasteland area is huge and so detailed . Furthermore the addition of light Jak just makes the game that much better . From the dune buggie missions to the missions where u have to `` shoot 'em up '' they are all great fun . An added feature is that after u die numerous times the mission gets easier . The plot is great too and daxter , as always , is hillarios . I highly recomend u run out and buy this game right now . Go .
 this is the best jak game i have ever played !! Thhe only problem is that there are to much vehicle missions.even half of the last mission is one!but if you played jak 2 you only have 4 guns the scatter gun , blaster mod , vulkin fury , and the pase maker.but on jak 3 you get those and 6 more !! but the only ones you will use will be the beam reflexer and the electric gun thing.now i cant wait to spoil the ending so here goes -LRB- do not read the rest of this reveiu unles you want the ending spoiled -RRB- after you power up the planets defence system you get zapped into the alian ship then you have 5 min . to get to erol.but as alwase he gets into a big no HUGE spider looking robot then you have yoget to the portal on the other side of the room -LRB- note : AVOID FLYING OBJECTS !! -RRB- then after you get to the portal you gat in a car in the waste land then you have to chase him in circles around the desert trying to shoot of the gems on the robots legs -LRB- i have a not to erol : hey if you look to your left 10 feet away you will see the dang city you retard so stop going in circles !! -RRB- after that you have to climb to the top of the robot andbattle arol but he is still in the robot heah he uses slames , tentecles -LRB- not like venom in ultimate spiderman -RRB- , and lazers.when he startes to go side to side using lezers use your dark strik or pease maker or to shoot the purple things on the back of the head to hurt him and also take some time to heal your self with the light eco vent and get dark eco to lay some extra power to the field . keep this stradegy and youl soon blow that ja to satain .
 Alright , I 'm a huge fan of the Jak and Daxter Trilogy . Jak 1 was pretty good , Jak 2 was awsome , but Jak 3 takes the cake . In this game Jak and his furry friend Daxter are trying to end the war over haven . Through the game you get totally kick ass guns for example not only do you have the old guns from Jak 2 but you also get upgrades for those guns . You have the same power to become DARK JAK except you ca n't turn into GIANT DARK JAK like in the last game , but you can turn invisible -LRB- in some parts -RRB- and shoot dark blasts out of your hands . Then theres a knew cool power , LIGHT JAK , with LIGHT JAK you can stop time , fly with wings and make a shereing shield . You get super awsome vechiel cars in the desert , ride leapers -LRB- horse like creatures -RRB- and ride your jet board in the desert pulling off tricks off the high hills and scortching winds in the desert . bottom line is this is one of the coolest games in the whole world . A must buy i say ... P.S. . This isnt the last JAK and DAXTER 'S video game . people are saying this is the last one that the saga concludes but i doesnt . First of all thers going to be JAK X which is a JAK AND DAXTER RACING GAME . then theres DAXTER for the PSP , you just play as daxter in that one . JAK 1 JAK 2 and JAK 3 were the precurser series , I heard there will be a whole new serious of JAK games coming out . So hang on there for these awsome Jak games . Bottom line once again buy JAK 3
 i must say , i think this game is the best one iv ' e seen yet . it has everything you want in it , platforming , action , adventure , and a great storyline . you have a lot of weapons in this game and alot of different vehicles to drive . i cant list them all here , there are too much . also , about the adventure , you have alot to explore . that includes the wasteland and haven city , which are both VERY huge environments with alot of different levels in them . it also has a big replay value . also fans of the previous games will like to know that in this game you find out who the precursors really are . it 's really great when you find out , but i wont tell you who they are because i dont want to spoil the game . it also has alot of great characters , both old and new . and the graphics ! they are WONDERFUL ! i can not describe how great they are ! such beauty and such detail ! it 's also great how realistic everything is . i mean , in some of the vehicle missions -LRB- which are really fun , by the way -RRB- if you fall with a car off of a cliff , it 's great to see how it falls around and rolls around down . and in one mission , where you have to fight some huge monsters -LRB- metal heads -RRB- with one of the cars , if one of them hits you really hard your car flies around really far really fast . this is very cool , and you have to see it for yourself to really see how nice this is . also one thing i liked is the ragdoll physics . when you hit an enemy , it falls down to the ground in a very realistic way . each enemy has a unique `` type '' of fall when you hit it or kill it . overall , i think this a the greatest game i know and my favorite one , and the only problems with it are that it 's a bit shorter and easier than jak 2 , but that really did n't bother me . so , if you want a very fun game , buy this . no ps2 game collection is complete without this .
 ... the excellent . This game is like perfect . And with Jak PSP and Jak X on the way , this will definetly always be the best one . 12 guns , Haven City and a huge wasteland and lots more . Jak3 is just great . But one bad thing
 Im very glad i bought this game . It is very fun.The first game was the easiest . Still fun though . The second game was the hardest . Still fun also . But , the third game was the most fun and it was at a medium range of difficultness . If you are looking for a game that is long i would just rent it though.PROS : - the game was very fun - it took longer than the first game to beat - you get a bigger selection of guns - you get a huge selection of vehicles to ride throughout the desert - you still have your hoverboard - daxter is in it . -LRB- of course -RRB- and very funny - you get to choose between dark jak and light jakCONS : - not a very long-lasting gamegame - some timed missions were frustrating
 Jak 3 was awesome ! My cousin is a naughty dog employee . JAK 4 is next ! He said that in Jak 4 it starts out by Jak seeing a light in the sky from naughty ottsel , jak follows the light and finds Damas -LRB- his father -RRB- regenerating . Same thing as light regeneration . Damas falls to the ground . Will the Jak family be reunited once more ? Find out !
 JakPros : Beautiful graphicstop-calliber voice actingelongo upgrades -LRB- like the single shooter being able to reflect shots , or scatterblast -RRB- Great storyCars with guns -LRB- Oh yea -RRB- Favorite faces returnDaxter finally gets some respect -LRB- He 's much more of a factor than he was in the previous games of the series , he 's playeble at a bit of times -RRB- the game is n't as frustrating as the second -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- This trilogy goes out in styleCons : Too many racing missions in the desert -LRB- Gets repetitive -RRB- Some missions are still a pain -LRB- like walking that robot around or flying daxter around on that fast rocket -RRB- Missons the oracle offers are pretty dang frustratingAmmo goeas very quick in crowded areas -LRB- I love conserving ammo -RRB- This game definitly shows how a triliogy goes out . The first one felt all orignial , then the second one upgrades like crazy , and the third keeps the style of the second -LRB- It reminds me of the Matrix series , but all characters are still there since the first , and the next 2 installments are acually good -RRB- For those who loved the jack series got ta get this . Those who love action adventures , get this and try out Ratchet and Clank.Peace
 Naughty Dog has done it again in the closeing chapter of the legacy of Jak and Daxter!Jak 3 is wonderful , one of the best games for PS2.The worlds are really works of art , the guns ROCK , and the people are interesting.This is the best Jak yet!Jak has grown to be a awesome guy , with his dark and light sides , unoffical love for Keira , great weapens , and spunky side-kick ! The sound is good to , the voices clear and the music blending well with the envirments.If you do n't have this game , GO GET IT!If you do , good for you.I give Jak 3 all five stars it deverves !
 Well first off , that evil little 13 year old is my brother , Second , leave him alone , 3rd he 's right . Anyway This game is awesome fun , it will leave you playing for hours and hours . It has a great storyline unlike jak 2 . First of all on jak 3 he was thrown on a wasteland for all eternity -LRB- or until he dies -RRB- and this monkey parrot named pecker and of cource daxter is there to help him . You will drive dune buggies -LRB- which sometimes are hard to control -RRB- around the wasteland , you will need them because the wasteland is 2 times bigger than Haven city . There are 12 guns you can use and one great gun , i think it is a transformation of the peacemaker which destroyies everything , the 4 guns tha was on jak 2 make thier appearence , also dark jak -LRB- he was thrown to the wasteland because of this power too -RRB- , there is a new transformation , light jak which is so cool , he has the power to slow down time -LRB- flash freeze -RRB- , heal himself -LRB- light regeneration -RRB- , glide -LRB- light flight -RRB- and shield himself from enemy attacks -LRB- light shield -RRB- . The missions are almost like jak2 , you have to work for this guy , do arrends etc. . You get to play as daxter even more now -LRB- which is very exiting -RRB- , on jak 2 there was only one level where you can play as daxter and that was the boss spider . Also this is n't the last of the jak series , a jak 4 will be coming out -LRB- saw it on tech t.v , i 'm a videogame freak :-RRB- they said that jak saw his father -LRB- which is on jak 3 -RRB- regenerating similar to light regeneration . Also if some of you do n't know , daxter was turned into this weasel because jak pushed him into a lake full of dark eco -LRB- do n't know if it was by mistake -RRB- so jak is still on that quest to turn daxter back , maybe he will be turned back on jak 3 or 4 , maybe on 1 because jak 1 had a secret ending . So i 'm going to stop now because my review is probaly real long , you will see what i 'm talking about when you go to gamecube and look up sonic heroes . So get this game , its worth the money
 this game is very fun . new weapons and new dark/light jak moves . but this game was so easy i beat it in 3 days . thank god i rented it ! also , some of the missions are incredibly repetitive . it is either `` get to this point before the clock runs out '' or `` go to the waste land and waste time '' this game takes 0 skill . and forget about hand-to-hand combat , i found myself using a weapon for 99.9 % of the game.GOOD-weapons-dark / light jak moves-cooler vehicles-new enemys-bigger cityBAD-too easy-crappy missions-not many areas to use your dark/light powershope you liked my review !
 I purchased this for my younger brother -LRB- 11yrs old -RRB- . He had been looking for it for almost 2years . Out of all the games my gamer brother has played this has got to be his favorite . He 's played it 3 times since christmas and ca n't put it down . Highly recommended !!
 I bought this as a gift for a teenager and watched as they immediately played it -LRB- for hours -RRB- and really enjoyed it .
 This was one of my first games for the PS2 so I got to love it but jak2 is a little better . I hate the raceing parts but I just do them because I want to go farther in the game I dont give games reviews in less Ive betten them . I think the guns should be a little more realestic Im mean who wants to be shooting something that looks like a colorful mop . Thats why I gave the all around game four star -LRB- :
 This game is for every one in the house hold . Only one bad thing is its only about 10 hours long . -LRB- Time depends on how many times you die . -RRB- Graphics
 I 'll get to the point and put out the downside to this game : It 's the last game!I was very upset when I first found that out . But anyway the game was overall pretty fun . The missions were easier -LRB- which I really did n't find all that fun -RRB- but the storyline was very interesting . We found out the answers to questions we ask back in Jak and Daxter . If you 're thinking about getting this game , you wo n't be wasting your money
 I 've played the 3 Jak games , and I think I liked this least , though it was still lots of fun . It was just really short . I beat it in about a week , while it took me about a year to beat the other two -LRB- mind you I had to stop a lot more for homework then , but they were still longer -RRB- . I have to say I hated driving the dune buggies which would flip and skid all the time . Also , almost everytime you used it , random cars would just show up and start shooting me , which was both non-sensical and annoying . At least before it was always explained why I was being attacked . As for the larger environments , I did n't feel like it was larger , it felt smaller to me . The city changed so much that I was lost all the time , and Scargas -LRB- the wastelander city -RRB- was kind of boring . This game was really heavy on racing , especially in the beginning . Some missions were really easy , some were ridiculously hard . I was really dissapointed with the final boss . I beat it on the second try , while with Jak 2 I had to keep trying for 2 hours . The story was good , though hilariously angsty , `` I never knew my father ... '' , `` It 's some kind of invisibility ! '' The city is almost constantly under attack by metal heads , which is annoying because it makes transportation hazardous and did n't we kill them in the last game ? On the plus side though , the Krimzon Guard is under Torn 's command now , so you can bump into them without being chased -LRB- though they now wear blue , which does n't make much sense -RRB- . Light Jak powers are so much fun , but the light eco is more rare than dark echo , so you ca n't just fly around everywhere like we all want to do . I do n't want to give any storyline away , so I 'll just say it was entertaining , but I kind of wish I 'd just rented it instead of buying . It was fun to see old characters again -LRB- though I think the old Kiera quit , so they tried to keep her role as limited as possible -RRB- and the new characters are cool . Anyway , it 's fun , but not as good as I 'd hoped .
 This game is very fun and very active when you get involved . This game will take time to beat and is allot of fun side tasks to do when the game is done . The Jax3 is the best game of the whole series and is the funniest game .
 Jak 3 was a major improvement over Jak 2 . The missions were very interesting and the game play was very fun . The best thing about Jak 3 is it 's a combo of all the previous games and for anyone who 's played the previous games -LRB- like me -RRB- it really pushes your `` Jak skills '' -LRB- manipulation of he character -RRB- to the limit . If you know the character moves well enough there are little shortcuts you can take , not major ones mind you , but little ones to get you that little edge you need to beat that monster/enemy/marauder , etc. . One qualm though ; the weapons ... why so many ? Am I playing Ratchet and Clank ? I did n't even use half the weapons they provide . They even incorporated a Ratchet and Clank gun course in the extras . If I want to play with every type of gun an asian at his computer can come up with , then I 'll play Ratchet and Clank . I like the Jak and Daxter series because of its originality . Other than that I really did n't see anything that bothered me . Jak 3 is a well rounded game with lots of aspects to keep you busy . If you liked the first games in the Jak and Daxter series you 'll definitely like this one .
 Although shorter and easier than Jak 2 -LRB- my favorite of the Jak series -RRB- , Jak 3 has its better areas . The world is huge and allows access to Haven City later in the game and you have access to upgraded weapons , more secrets/orbs , vehicles , and light jack . I beat this game much faster than Jak 2 , but Jak 3 is by far the better game.If you want my personal opinion , Jak 2 is the best Jak game in the series , but Jak 3 would be the overall best . The ending is a little strange -LRB- Jak 2 has a much better/less stupid ending -RRB- , but I 'm not going to spoil it .
 Note
 This game is the last game in the jak seris . The end of the trilogy . Here is what I KNOW about Jak 3 . Hope you find it useful ... It is a year after Jak 2 . Jak is banised to the wastland because the people dont trust him because his Dark powers and his `` relationship '' with Krew and Kor . So the council banish him to the wasteland -LRB- home of sig -RRB- . Ashlin gives him a beacan and they leave . Daxter and Pecker stay behind and go with Jak . Damious , The king of Spargous , takes you to his kingdom ... * Each gun can be upgraded 2 more times making 3 different forms for each gun * 3 factions are at war in Haven City * Metal Heads , Freedom leage gaurds -LRB- Blue KGaurds -RRB- and Kg . * Light and Dark Jak * New moves for dark jak and old ones . * Can save Light Jak after goin in a eco vent * Moves for LJak
 Jak and Daxter
 Jak 3 is the end of the Jak trilogy , and gives Jak and his sidekick Daxter the largest world ever to explore . Jak can now use both Light and Dark eco powers , too!Sure , there are a lot of comparisons between this game and the Ratchet & Clank series . And yes , both are similar in many ways . But I would n't say one is `` better '' than the other . Both have their unique traits that make them equally as fun . I definitely buy both and enjoy both greatly.With Jak 3 , you get a massive ` wasteland ' to explore and run missions in , in a variety of dune buggies . There is also a desert city -LRB- Fremen and Dune , anyone ? -RRB- and of course your home city to explore . There are missions involving riding missiles , riding hoverboards , stomping around in four legged tanks , searching for eggs , zooming on races a la pod racer , and much more.The storyline is fun , but very linear . It 's always quite clear what you need to do next to progress the game along . You earn weapons upgrades as you go , and earn secrets to alter gameplay in a variety of fun ways . The sound is reasonable , and the graphics are cartoony but well done , especially the animation in the cut scenes . The characters move very fluidly.I do have to say that gameplay balance is a bit uneven . Some missions you fly through with no problem at all , and wonder what the deal was . Other missions you replay 30 times in a row until you manage by chance to get through it OK . If you get a walkthrough guide and just zip from egg to egg , sure you can finish it very quickly . If you actually take the time to explore the areas , seek out items for yourself , and play with the various mini-games , you could enjoy the game for several weeks . I 'm not sure that the game is a replayable-minded as Ratchet , though . With Ratchet , we gladly replayed it many times to get the upgrades and secrets only available on the multiple passes through the game . With Jak 3 , we 're just happy to be done with it.Certainly a great game to get and play , and there 's even a secret that lets you blast away at Ratchet & Clank in the shooting gallery ! : -RRB-
 Jak 3 ... the story concludes . When we last saw Jak and his faithful compaionin Daxter they were the heroes ... now they are the villains . How 'd that happenedwas the dark eco , involvment with Krew , ect.So he has been banished to the waste land ... for life but it aint ' all dark eco ! now there is light eco , but even now with light & dark powers , even with the war over , a new one begins ! Jak must balance light & dark powers of his own AND if you dont ' know , the waste land is FIVE times the size of Haven City and the morph guns ' back with eight new atatchments ! Cool ! And two new citys : Metal head City , and Spargus City + new K.G. -LRB- krimzon gaurd -RRB- leader , some one is collecting eco to power I think a precursor robot , metal heads are back in the city,K.G.death-bots are destroying everything , and if thats not enough , we are going to figure out who the precursors are !
 Jak Three is one of the best games they have released for the Ps2 . It 's not a copy of Ratchet and Clank which a few people seem to say in thier rewiews . In R and C you get completely different weaponry , and acctually you might say the Ratchet and Clank has copied this game becuase the newest one has four upgradable versions of weaponry just like Jak 3 . If you 've played the first one or the second one , think about a totally different game . Jak 3 has none of the kiddy charecteristics of the first one . Additionally if you 've played the second oneyou arne ' t a bad guy living of the streets in everyone 's opinion . The game has totally awesome weaponry like the vulcan fury upgrade which lets you swing around in a flame arc and torch your enemy into peices . Another thing about Jak 3 is that the story line is intriguing . Until the very last moment one is hanging on to who the precursors really are or who is Jak really . The story is like a trilogy quite unlike R and C where you can play the third one without glancing at the first . Also in Jak 3 you get to play these awesome missions as a robot , or flying this cool ship . If you compare Jak 3 to halo you 'll notice that you do n't have to drive the vehicles , someone else does that . In Halo it 's boring how you drive a warthog , and the marines get to do all of the fun shooting . Jak 3 's weaponry -LRB- sorry have i already talked about that -RRB- is the best on the planet with home ing grenade launchers and high tech laser machine guns . On the bad side , you can beat the game rather quickly if your a veteran player and some of the upgrades for the weapons do n't make any sense . For example the sniping blaster weaopon get 's an upgrade which let 's it shoot these drones which shoot everything . Even though you can switch back to the original this is kind of not the thing you would expect . However BUY THIS GAME IN THE NEXT MILLiSECOND
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 Jak is back in his latest adventure yet ! Jak is banished from Haven City by Count Veger . He is forced into the harsh wasteland and soon is rescued by the wastelanders . This game has an exiting plot and an interesting character to go with it . Being able to use both light Jak and Dark Jak having three versions to every gun , and plenty of precursors to go around!You can use several different cars to travel the hot wasteland , ride leaper lizards to explore Spargus City , and hyjack ... i mean borrow awesome zoomers . With so many ways to kill someone , it 's hard to not kill innocents . This game is really funny and shocking revelatins about the connection between Daxter and the precursors and Jak 's past . This game is especially fun in Hero mode . So what will it be the dark maker bot , dark strike , or the good old Peace Maker ?
 i got a demo disc with this game on it . i only played jack 1 and was disappointed enough not buy jack 2 so i was n't really expecting too much in this demo . the demo was remarkable , i 've played it over and over , it 's so good
 The game was just as described , in perfect condition . The shipping was fast and the game is just what I was looking for , thank you !
 The game was sent in a timely manner and arrived within a few days of sumitting the order .
 my son loves this game and now has the whole set . . this made the third time it took for me to get this game . . we 've had bad luck in getting one that was n't damaged and when i found this one i was happy to find that this one worked and made my son very happy . . thank u
 took a little longer to deliver than i expected , but it got to me in pristine condition . overall a `` worth-it '' purchase .
 Wow ! My family had a blast , since I 'm the youngest child my momhad ... I ai n't such a game pro even though I beat Soul Caliber 2and stuff ... Well , I was hoping on day when you get play as a m-an and his little friend who ... after they defeat two other peo-ple go into a world of choas , desturction , and butt-kicking fri-ends now here Jak II and Jak III . Of course my big brother , a g-ame veteran had to beat Cyber-Errol for me for the first duel v-s . him and Jak . And get mysterious powers from The Monk TempleOracle , and help a cigar-smokin ` half time mercenary , most time , mecahnic . -LRB- Jinx -RRB- and after beating the first game with my dad and me , we focused on Jak II , could n't get past Act II , so wewent to our local store and bought the strategy guide , and wehad a blast but Jak III disincludes Brutter the Bazaar DistrictLurker who own 's his own shop , Grim , Keira , but she has a diffe-rent voice , I think that Anna Garduno who played Keira in the p-requels did better . But this is a great game and I recommend youget the game .
 It has realy cool cars and Leaping lizards which are kind of like horses that get u around the town alot easier . Over all I think it is way beter then Jak 1 an 2 . It was preaty hard to decide about it because of Jak 1 was really bad . But buying this game totaly changed my mind about the Jak games .
 I 'd just like to say one thing to all those people out there who say Jak 3 is copying Ratchet and Clank
 The game jak 2 I find is tied with jak 3 the special intrest 's 1 -RRB- Jak 3
 hi all y' all peepols out theres . i need some help . i was thinking about buying this game , but i dont know if i should get this or ratchet and clank 3 . please post any suggestions you peepols might have . bub .
 5 stars is a very low number compared to how good this game is . Light jak is freakin awesome , after awhile u really get attached to this game and of course the charchters themselves.A MUST BUY FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR A NON-STOP ACTION GAME .
 I have a magazien about jak 3 he has golden armor and short hair and I got my info on psm -LSB- playstation magazine -RSB- it also has info about ratchet and clank 3
 I have reviewed this game before , so I 'm not going to say how great the graphics are or how fun many of the missions are if you give them a chance . All I 'm going to say is this
 this game is awesome ! i love playing as daxter . You also get light powers
 Jak 3 is a very fun game . You get to ride fun dune buggies . It is a good mix of platforming and action . The new gun mods are really cool . Also you get to ride leaper lizards . The only bad thing is that the game is not that long . But , besides that Jak 3 is very , very fun .
 jak 3 is going to be the best its going to have darkjak/lightjak ,12 gun mods , dunebuggys , hovergliders , hanggliders , and more.Also when your light jak you can fly , self heal , and freeze time .
 Jak 3 is great ! i just got it and it was sooo worth the wait . the picture is great and i feel like i am watching a movie . i have sooooo much firepower now and i can go anywhere !!! thank you !
 jak3 is goig to be the best game . i have jak and daxter , jak2 and i will have jak3 . it takes me a month to beat 1 game and jack 2 u get to shoot people go on the jetboard and steal cars . in this adventure there will be even MORE !!!!!!!
 this game rocks . i think it will be the best playstatio2 game for at least the next 2 years . i 've heard that this game is just going to end the story of haven city . these games were probubly just the beging for jack and daxter . i have to say though , nuaghty dog really out did themselves making this series . ratchet and clank 3 's online feature is nice but jak3 is where its at .
 I 've played the 1st game.I loved it I was addicted.I 've played the 2nd game.I was more addicted than ever!Now the 3rd game is November.I will be so addicted that myeyes will fail me !!!
 Jak is banished to the wasteland by count veger . Damas finds him and that is when the game starts . you are running sround spargus and eventualy you meet kleiver . -LRB- he is almost as fat as Krew -RRB- After a while you return to Haven City . Its amazing how they recreated it . and there are precursor orbs all over the City . After a while you meet the precursors . IF YOU DONT WANT THE END REVEALED STOP READINGThe precursors are ostels like daxter . Then you fight the final boss.There are 12 gunsThe scatter gunthe wave cuncussorthe RPG plasmitethe blasterthe beam reflectorthe gyro bursterthe vulcan furythe arc weilderthe needle lazerthe peacemakerthe mass inverterthe supernovaOh and parents pay attention to the rated T part because there are things very innapropriate in this game I reccomend this to 12 +
 It is going to be great.I hve researched since the summer and it sounds really good.I played and beat the 2 other games and I loved them.I ca n't wait .
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 One of the best games for the PS2 and just an all around awesome adventure even for those who have n't played the first two games . For those with a PS2 and nothing better or just people who like that slick PS2 game look , this game has a large map and slick computer animation . To see the first game type `` Jak and Daxter
 I love this game so much and it is new and in great condition . It is worth getting this game ; and I would recommend it This is a great experience , this reason I ordered it because I could not find it in any stores .
 As Great as the First , secon and even better and more exciting ! The graphic are OK for its time . These will soon be re-released in PS3 and should be a sight to behold in HD !
 I really liked this game , but it was Much easier than Jak II , which disappointed me personally , simply because I tend to like really hard games.This game had great environment , great camera control , good mix of skill events , and lots-o-mini games to play . I did notice that the speed of the various cars/vehicles were slowed down as compared to Jak II , and were not nearly as challenging .
 This particular game is the funiest game ever ! You get guns and you and have to battle and save the city from bad guys . Prove youreself todamos king of the city , if not then you will be sent into the blazing desert to die . leading up to the final battle hids a secret about jak . i love this game so much !
 Jak and Daxter are back in the conclusion of the Precursor Legacy Trilogy . This game is almost an exact clone of its predecessor in pretty much every aspect . Normally when a videogame sequel is this similar to the previous game , the sequel tends to lose its `` freshness '' . Fortunately , that 's not the case for Jak 3 , it uses the same gameplay and graphics that made Jak II great , while also adding a few improvements here and there . The story begins with a rather surprising scene
 This game is definitely worthy buying , but it is too much of the characters fights comparing with jak and daxter previous games . I would like to see more challenging puzzles in the game . However , I must admit that it is superbly done .
 I like this game but still getting use to different jumps rolls and more needed to move around . I am learning to help 5 yr old grandson .
 I purchased this game for my 14 year old son . He liked the game , he thought it was better then the second one but not as good as jak and daxter itself . The only complaint I heard from him was he said it was a bit too easy .
 Jak 3 Rules ! You Get To Be In Offroading Vehices , More Weapons and Larger Area To Explore . Buy This Game ! It Is Better Than Ratchet , Sly , And Crash All Together . The Missons Are Fun Because The KG Metal Forces And The Metal Heads Are Working Together . And The Origanl Krimzon Guard Are Now Torn 's Troops
 The previous Jak games were mostly a combination of action and platforming , packed into a witty and partly humorous story with fun cutscenes , with the intrusion of driving levels . For fans of the original Jak and Daxter , you wo n't be seeing that innocent kiddy platforming adventure with fun , for all ages humor.The third and final adventure of the Jak series if just about as gritty and violent as the second allowing Jak to be able to wield weapons , drive more vehicles , talk -LSB- FINALLY !!! -RSB- and give the game a somewhat deeper and more interesting story.Jak 3 picks up somewhere after the events of Jak II -LSB- Of course -RSB- , with Jak , Daxter and some bird creature named Pecker being stranded in the desert-like Wasteland after being accused of provoking the conflict that is happenning in Haven City -LSB- The area you were able to explore in the last game -RSB- . This conflict is between the Krimson Guard , the Metalheads -LSB- Strange creatures that roam around -RSB- and of course , the good guys.Jak is brought to a city called Spartus after being founded in the desert , near death . He now has to earn the trust of some of the citizens of that city while struggling with his `` dark '' powers that turn him into some kind of monster with enhanced abilities.Since this is a free-roaming adventure , Jak is able to roam around Spartus and the Wasteland at his own expense while players try to complete the number of missions laid out for them . The missions almost always take place in the Wasteland and in order to complete them you end up having to jump into a dune buggy and drive across the desert . And sometimes even your missions can only be completed by driving , such as destroying dinosaur-like metal heads roaming around the Wasteland or collecting Precursor artifacts before the sandstorm destroys them for the king of Spartus , Damas.But once you get used to all those levels , you can see the game has a huge level of playability . For example , you could just roam around Spartus on your Jetboard or go for a joyride around the Wasteland . Jak can also utilize both his dark and new light powers . For example Dark Jak is able to turn invisible when near certain statues and able to create a huge shockwave which can destroy every enemy nearby , while Light Jak can heal himself , slow down time and fly.In addition to that , Jak is able to explore the worlds of Spartus , the Wasteland and eventually Haven City once again . The graphics are pretty good and can give you the sharp visuals of the enviroment.If you 're a hardcore action gamer , Jak 3 is n't that high on the huge action game list . It 's platforming and driving levels mostly probably slow down the action of the game . The action sequences are realitively simple and the bosses as always have that memorable pattern sequence.The fighting sequences do n't appear that often for some reason , but a few of the memorable hardcore ones range from defeating about some 50 enemies while protecting an ally to sneaking past a swarm of robotic like creatures that can defeat you in one well-placed shot . If you 're a Jak fan , of course buy it , but if you 're not , I would seriously consider renting the game first .
 If you ever played `` Jak and Daxter '' - I have great news for you . Jak 3 is available and it is one of the better sequel games I have ever played . Jak and Daxter are continuing on their mission to return Daxter to his human form and the adventure is just as exciting as in the original game.As in the initial game , there are short ` movies ' that tell you what your task at each level will be and continue to tell the story of our heroes . The graphics have improved with each version - leaving the player with stellar images in the latest game . Colors pop , every object is 3D and you feel like you are truly in this strange new land . One part of the graphics I particularly appreciate is that as you move through levels and tasks the scene changes from day to night and back again - giving the player a real sense of time passing.A key part of every video is the sound . We want each weapon and vehicle to have its unique sound and Jak 3 delivers ! You zoom , zap , buzz and echo with each move . The background music is also critical to keeping the player involved . The music of Jak 3 helps build mood and tone of the game but does not get stuck in your head like some annoyed game music.Personally , I find Jak 3 easy to control . Jak and his vehicles respond to natural gestures and the sequences of L1 , L2 etcetera are easy to master . However , I wonder if this is because I have also played the first two versions . When my daughter started playing - and she has played a lot of games - it took her a while to adjust . The good thing was that once she had it - she had it.The most important part of any game is the Fun Factor and in my opinion Jak 3 delivers ! The story is interesting , the adventures are challenging and the movies hold your attention . One day my son played for 6 hours and I played for 3 - a game must have it all to keep me sitting still that long!There are a lot of games available for the PS 2 and I have to say that Jak 3 is one of the best buys you could make !
 Jak and Daxter , and Jak II set the stage for this , one of the greatest games I 've ever seen.I loved the Crash Bandicoot series , as well as the Jak series , so I was sure to get this one the moment it came out . It was simply awe-inspiring . The story was WAY beyond anything I 've seen in a video game . More characters , more emotion , more story threads ... Jak looked awesome with Mar 's Armour which , as you finish the game , you will realize is a very appropriate title . There is much more Daxter gameplay , which is always a blast . The script is not quite as funny , but much deeper than Jak II.Remember the guns from Jak II ? There were four of them , right ? Now you 've got twelve . This means you can upgrade the Scatter Gun , the Blaster Weapon , the Vulcan Fury , and the Peace Maker TWO TIMES EACH . Zoomers make their triumphant return , -LRB- be prepared , they are very fast this time around -RRB- as does the Jetboard , with more tricks than before . Off-Road Vehicles make their appearance , which is awesome . They are powered by an amazingly complex physics engine , which makes it the most realistic driving gameplay I 've EVER experienced , plus machine guns . The Titan Suit from Jak II sort of makes a reappearance ; you have the Dark Maker Bot , which controls the same way , but looks cooler . Remember the Flut-Flut from the first game ? This one features Leaper Lizards , which control the same way . You actually get to race with them . And of course , nothing could keep Dark Jak away . He returns with two new moves , but their is also Light Jak , with Light Regeneration , Flash Freeze , Light Shield , and Light Flight . This is one of my favorite features of this game . Oh , and by the way , you can now transform into Dark or Light with even the slightest amount of Dark or Light Eco.Possibly the best thing about Jak II was the sheer size of Haven City . Well Haven City and is back , torn apart by war . It 's the same , but very different . You 'll have to see for yourself . The Krimzon Guards are gone , replaced by the more fair Freedom League Guards . But beware , Haven City is much more dangerous than before , with KG Robots and Metal Heads around every corner.You can also access an equally enormous city , Spargus City , the City of the Wastelanders . It is very different from Haven , and an absolute goldmine for Precursor Orbs . I 'm sure there are at least forty , and probably more.Then there is the Wasteland , which dwarfs either city . It is simply ENORMOUS . With these three areas combined , I believe Jak 3 harbors the largest and most interactive world in game history.If you liked Jak and Daxter and Jak II , you will love this game . Combining everything the old with the new along with an amazing epic story , Jak 3 offers the ultimate Jak and Daxter gaming experience .
 Jak 3 is one of the best games I 've ever played . In this one , Jak has been banished to the desert for supposedly befriending Krew , who is responsible for all the destruction to Haven City caused by the Metal-Heads . Though Jak was ment to be banished alone , Daxter and Pecker manage to escape the ship . The Wasteland is about 3 times bigger than Haven City and has many areas like the Volcano , Oasis , The Monk Temple , and Spargus City . You will also be able to go back to Haven City and meet some of Jak 's old friends.The weapons are far better in this game than in Jak 2 . All the weapons like the Scatter Gun , Blaster Weapon , Volcanic Fury , and the Peace Maker are back but they each have three different types of shooting power . For instance , the Blaster Weapon can be upgraded to the Beam Reflector , which makes the bullets bounce off the walls . Then it can be updated to the Gyro Burster , which shoots out a UFO-like drone that shoots the enemies for you.The Dune-Buggy missions in the Wasteland are loads of fun . There are 8 different buggies to ride ranging from the Tough Puppy to the Sand Shark . My personal favorite is the Dune Hopper because it shoots bombs and can jump great distances . Most of the buggy missions are n't too difficult but they can sometimes be a bit tricky.Overall , Jak 3 is a bit more forgiving than the first two . What I mean is that in most missions , when you die or fail , it starts you out in the middle of the mission instead of at the very beggining . The only extremly difficult things about this game are some of the gun courses . You must shoot all the targets except for the civilians like before , but this time the targets shoot at you and some blow up . And to top that , you lose points if you let the targets blow up.In Jak 3 , the series has gone back to it 's roots . The music is good like in the first game and is much better than the music from Jak 2 . The environments are less futuristic than Jak 2 and are more adventurous . One thing I was surprised to see brought back was the thing when Daxter stands over you when you die and says some funny lines . All in all , this is the best game of the series and it really ended the epic respectfully . Here is an overview of all the Jak games : Jak & Daxter
 When I saw this game preview on chamercial I could n't wait until it came out . It began with a different idea than the end of Jak 2 but then the farther you get in the game the more you understand it . It 's challanging , exciting , adventerous , and almost imposible to put down.One of the reasons why this game cought my eye was because of the story line , but mostly because you do n't have to be at a certain level to beat the boss and the enimies , it 's just the weapons you have and your talent/skill . This game is amazng and I highly recomend it .
 Jak 3 is an awesome game . Unlike its prequel , you have a variety of guns that make Jak almost unstoppable . Add to that the fact that you can heal yourself , and you ca n't be stopped . The game play and cut-scene graphics are Pixar animation quality , and the sound is simply impeccable.The missions are relatively easy until about 60 % of the game . After you cross the 60 % mark , the storyline sucks you in , making up for the difficulty level of the game . The game is fun , and , is you ever find yourself stuck on a shooting mission , you can hone your skills in Haven City 's Gun Course . Daxter is back , and funnier than ever -LRB- He 's also more playable , too . -RRB- My favorite part of the game was the vehicle missions . I enjoyed simply annhilating Marauder vehicles . Jak has a few new troubles on hand , but old friends , new friends , and even the occasional family member assist Jak as he reaches the end of the epic trilogy.The one problem that I had with this game was the speed with which you got your guns . In Jak II , you did n't get the Scatter Gun antil after the fifth mission , and the Blaster after the seventh . In Jak 3 , you get the Scatter Gun after the first mission , and the Blaster after the second.For those of you out there with a lot of patience , and a desire to blow stuff up , this game is for you .
 jak 3 rocks . jak gets banished to the wasteland and then passes out . jak gets taken to a city in the wasteland . the guns are better . there are 3 mods for each gun . if you thoght the peacemaker was good , you 'll be blown away by its third gun . litterally . the third gun is an atomic bomb . it eliminates everyone in sight . there is a garnade launcher for the red gun . on the blue gun there 's a gun like a krimzon gaurd shocker . light and dark jak are cool everone knows about dark jak so moving on to light jak . this guy can fly , freeze time , shoot guns , HEAL , and shield yourself . the cars in the wasteland are cool . they can jump just like the zoomers . the guns are the best on the car . grenades , machine guns , and red lazer chunks . the slam dozer is good for destroying stuff but not good for racing . it 's boost sucks . half a second . in jak 3 you get to find out who jak is and what daxter is . do n't rent this game ... buy it !
 I am always fascinated at how Naughty Dog pushes the bar for each game they create . Jak 3 is an example of that . Even though Naughty Dog is a very small video game company , they never cease to amaze me . In Jak 3 , Jak is sent to the Wasteland , a hostile barren desert which not to kind . As you go along in the game , you acquire gun mods and more vehicles to traverse the desert . You also are able to return back to Haven City , which you are reunited with some well known friends . Jak and Daxter are sent to the Wasteland because of their relationship with Krew and Kor.The levels in Jak 3 are huge . They are in great detail and very fun to play . Even though at times there 's some spotty writing , Jak 3 is one of Naughty Dog 's great masterpieces .
 The game is really something I was expecting from Jak 2 and from my perspective the twist in the story was the right move . The story is much more logical and every task is very fun and the end is logical conclusion of very good game . I enjoyed every second of actions in the desert ... very fun . The worlds are so huge.Maybe there was a chance to put more action on the space ship but this way is also fine . I know for sure that my son will enjoy it . The city looks much more like the real living place , the citizens shot back if you attack them . I did not get a chance to try all other goodies , I had to come to the end of the game so I can help my son go through , but I saw an option to include/buy something from Ratchet & clank game . That will make him really happy because Jak and Ratchet are his favorite characters and that would be really fun see them together in some adventure .
 Jak 3 is so much fun ! It 's ten times better than the previous two games because now , you have 12 guns and more vehicles . Plus , there are 2 cities and more areas to play in.Lots of people might complain that the missions are frustrating , but if you 've played Jak and Daxter and Jak 2 , you should be fine.To me , this game is a lot of fun . The scenes might be a little underdone or , in some cases , overdone but there 's better humor to go along with it.Overall , I 'd recommend Jak 3 to be a part of your game collection .
 This game is going to be the best in the series . i reccomend it more than its competitor , Ratchet and Clank , not that its bad , its just not as good as Jak 3 . I have heard rumours that there will be a Jak 4 , i do n't believe it because all good theings have to end .
 I have the demo and I must tell you this is indeed the best in the Jak and Daxter series . You will definitely be amazed by the graphics alone . You feel like you are playing in a movie instead of just a video game . They have definitely gone to the max to improve this title . I ca n't wait .
 I love this game ! there is so much to do and now Jak can become `` Light Jak '' with energy shields , wings to fly , regenerating energy etc. . I like how the wastelanders are n't like the Krimzom Guards in Jak II , because if you bug them , they do n't send a million people after you , they just get even ! ^_^ ; ; By the way , to all those people who say this game sucks or that Ratchet and Clank is better , too bad for you . oh sorry , i must have missed the reason that you are reviewing on this then .
 Jak 3 is the best one out , the viecles you drive in the desert , just awsome , you revisit the old city back from jak 2 , little more comedy to it then jak 2 , more sweet weapons , well just like the originals from jak 2 , but you can different stuff with them , you get the jet board back later in the game , and you don ; t have to go through the course like you did in jak 2 , jak 3 is a very hard game , I 've only done like 2 races so far , heard they was going to be alot of them , but only did 2 so far , and I have got like 80 % of the game beat , the missions remind me so much of grand theft auto , and the new city that you go to , the people acually fight back if you hit them , all of them carry guns , so it is awsome . you have got to get this one , it is worth it , or just rent it first to find out before you buy it .
 Jak 3 is an awesome game that you for sure want to get . It has good graphics plus the adventure is really good and long . You get the same guns but you also get an upgrade for each gun plus you get to drive dune buggies in the wasteland and beat other dune buggies as well in the wasteland . The wasteland city is really cool but do n't hit anyone or else you will regret it because everyone has a gun their.It has a relly weird ending before you verse the last boss and after you beat it -LRB- I will not tell who is the last boss -RRB- . This is all what I am saying because their some much other cool stuff that it is in it and I do n't want to say it all .
 I 'm really looking forward to the third in the trilogy -LRB- only 3 J & D games ! -RRB- . The first 2 are well worth playing , the first being a kiddish platform/puzzler game . The second being a much darker story , the game rating rising from +3 to +12 . Guns , cars , a huge city , smarter enemies and friendly character who actually fight and help you -LRB- Go Sig ! -RRB- . The third promises to carry the batton all the way to the end ; and what a race the Jak and Daxter series has run !
 this game is great . i love everithing about it . i have beaten and played all three of the jak games . the second one is my favorite one of the trilogy . this one is my second favorite . if you wnt a harder game get the second one . but i love this one because it is n't as hard . and once you get into hero mode and you get all of the secrets it is so easy when you are invunerable .
 Jak 3 is my favorite from all the Jak games . The gun mods are awsome . You will find out who the precursors are . The boss are battles really cool.Pros
 In a way , Jak 3 is more of a direct sequel to chapter two than it is a continuation of the storyline that was established in part one . I realize that this was meant to be the end of a journey , a `` coming of age '' story that follows the title character through his innocence , his adolescence , and finally his ascent into adulthood . Bearing in mind , it 's only natural that he 'd want to distance himself from the people and places that make him feel like an adventuring child , rather than a self-assured saver of globes . `` When I became a man , I put away childish things , '' after all.Where the inspiration behind the storytelling of Jak II was unquestionably Blade Runner , the main source of direction for this final chapter comes largely from Mel Gibson 's The Road Warrior . The outlanders who rescue the title-endorsed duo from their exile and drag them back to their own makeshift shanty town are the textbook definition of an early '80s burly man . They adorn themselves with hundreds of pointy edges , enormous , hopelessly detailed weapons and layer after layer of questionably-hemmed leather . They puff out their chests at every opportunity , and speak like a cluster of throat cancer survivors.These new characters are just overflowing with personality , which makes the minor cutscenes and motivational speeches entertaining , but I could n't shake the feeling that they were just going through the motions in an attempt to mimic the successful main cast of the second game . It 's like they were trying to match the edge of the gritty , sullen warriors of Jak II , but were missing some intangible element that kept them from reaching that full potential . The twists and turns of their storylines were somewhat transparent -LRB- I 'd figured out the major twist in Damas 's story within an hour of meeting him -RRB- , their importance to the central plot is thrown into question fairly early on , -LRB- when you return to the city around the three hour mark and only occasionally return to the desert thereafter -RRB- and for all of their gusto , their emotional impact on the player does n't hold a candle to the inner-city gangs that ran chapter two.As the `` last '' game in the series , -LRB- Daxter on the PSP and Jak X
 This Jak game is 10 times better then 1 an 2 . 3 has cool guns like a nuke shoter an a miny gun . In the very beging you get 2 guns the shot gun and assult riffle . It has realy cool cars to blow up anoying cars shoting back at u . The meadal heads are changed . And over all it is better then bothe jak 1 an 2 .
 While all the jak games are exellent it is n't the same without beating them in order . Yes Jak 2 is hard but it reveals so much about jak 1 . Jak 3 does the same for Jak 2 . Beat them in order so it dose n't ruin the story for you . The story is exellent better than Ratchet and Clank 's . I like the gameplay better than R&C 's too . Jak 3 game is the 2nd Best jak game in my opinion . Jak 2 is definatly the best jak game so far . The Precursor Legacy is over but the Jak games are not . There is some news about a Jak 4 in the work 's . This game has more guns than Jak 2 and less fustrating missions . This is the Best RPG on the Ps2 . By Texx
 I am a HUGE ! Jak and Daxter fan ! I bought the Jak 1 for my friend for his B-Day . We played it all night . I was Hooked . The next day I went out and bought it . I played for hours and hours . I beat it the day I got it . Then My PS2 broke . I was so mad . Then I bought a G-cube , and X-box . I heard that Jak 2 was being made . So I traded my G-cube and X-box for a PS2 . Just for Jak 2 . I beat that about seven times . I wanted a new Jak and Daxter so bad . Then I heard about Jak 3 . I was in Heaven . The city was still pretty afraid of Jaks Dark Powers . So not even Ashlen could stand against the city counsil . So they send him to this wasteland where the `` stronger '' metal heads survived . Somewhere along the way Jak picks up light eco and is now able to turn into Light Jak . You can upgrade your favorite weapons into three different modes . -LRB- Imagine the third mode of a PeaceMaker ! -RRB- Awesome . Also there is again vehicles for your transportation The Hover board is gone and in the beggening of the game Pecker joins you . Then leaves . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 I remember getting PONG as a kid . I remember mowing lawns so I could co to the arcade downt he block . Platformers , like racing and sports games , are the oldest surviving types of video games out there . Platformers seemed like they were ready to die out a few years back . After all , what new could be done with them?Quite a bit it seems . The insperation of the Grant Theft Auto lure of ` go anywhere , anytime , do anything '' breathed new life in what I had thought was a dying game type . At first , when I played Jak II I thought they were just going to be a cutesy rip off of GTA , but the story slowly sucked you in , the characters were sympathetic and the city was unique -LRB- if a bit hard to get around -RRB- Jak II was gritty enough that I , as a thirty something , could enjoy it . Yet still I felt safe in letting my little girls -LRB- 7,6 and 4 -RRB- watch me play and even play themselves.There was the down side of the city itself . It did take a while to get from point A to B. And god help you if you so much as brush against a Crimson Guard . Also , while the zoomers were fun , there were several points you had to drive like mad from here to there and you just kept sliding into walls because the zoomers were so loose in the stearing dept.Despite this I LOVED Jak II . Took my time in beating it , sort of savoring it . If JakIII does nothing but expand a bit over number 2 -LRB- new weapons , vehicles , some new territory ect -RRB- it would be well worth it to me.Despite the fact that its comming out at Xmas time Ill be making room for this one in my budget .
 I know a fun game when I see one . I have n't played Jak 2 but I can tell this game definetely beats it . There are tons of levels with 3 huge worlds to run around in . A cool thing is that you have lots of freedom in what you do . After you complete a mission , on your way to the next one , you can just run around , explore , do minigames , and kill people as long as you want until you feel like doing some work . The levels vary from pure fighting -LRB- my favorite -RRB- to racing around in the desert to flying ships to gladiator fights to driving death machines and destroying everythin in your path . One really fun level is like a arcade game you can do at chuckie cheese 's . The one where you are in a fake car and you are holding a gun and shooting dinosaurs that run at you . This level is like that . Somebody is driving a powerful dune buggie with you and all you have to worry about is killing/shooting the strong T-rex like Beasts . The guy is driving and the beasts come out of hiding and start running at you and you have to give them 20-30 good machine gun shots before they get to your car thats driving away . I ca n't really describe it but its so much funner than it sounds . There are 12 great guns . They range from grenade launchers to rifles to nuclear missle lauchers . Also , the graphics are great . And unlike Jak 2 , Jak now has Light Eco powers which enable him to form shields , fly , freeze time , and heal himself whenever he wants . All around , get this game , its the best game you 'll ever get . GET IT NOW !
 This game was really fun , and a lot easier than Jak 2 . Where in Jak 2 many of the missions i got through with pure dumb luck this game was much easier mainly because of the addition of light jak powers , especially the healing ability . Though i was a bit mad that they changed some of dark jaks powers but ohh well . That and the game was really short , i think i beat it in 16-18 hrs , with a decent amount of going through and trying to find precursor and orbs and the like . The dune buggies are awesome just because they 're so fun to go drive around in . Again many of the missions really werent that hard , and the final boss only took me two tries to beat ... mainly because my controller died on the first time and i walked off the edge ... stupid controller . Neway once again this game is cake compared to Jak 2 , id strongly suggest buying it especially because it has a great story and wraps up the trilogy quite well
 Jak 3 was awesome ! My cousin is a naughty dog employee . JAK 4 is next ! He said that in Jak 4 it starts out by Jak seeing a light in the sky from naughty ottsel , jak follows the light and finds Damas -LRB- his father -RRB- regenerating . Same thing as light regeneration . Damas falls to the ground . Will the Jak family be reunited once more ? Find out !
 This game is definately going to be the best yet . What with the ability to upgrade your guns THREE TIMES and to turn into Dark Jak and Light Jak on the fly , this is going to be the ultimate in platforming-action . I do n't care what Ratchet and Clank fans say , Jak 3 is going to be da bomb ! I think that there probably will be a Jak 4 . It may not go under that title , but I took that one reviewer 's advice -LRB- you know , the guy that posted the same review , like , fifty times in a row ? -RRB- and looked . It did say that there would definately be more games featuring Jak and Daxter . I do n't know if it 's going to be Jak 4 or a game set in the Jak universe , but they say that there definately will be more games featuring Jak and Daxter , and that 's good enough for me ! : - D
 OK , I know the game has n't come out yet and I admit I have n'te completed either `` Jak and Daxter '' or `` Jak II , '' but I have thoroughly loved what I have played of the first two -LRB- roughly half of both games -RRB- and am extremely excited about this one , because it sounds like its gon na be the best one yet . Light Jak ? Wasteland five times bigger than Haven City ? This is going to be one sweet game.I hope I can manage to finish the first two before this one comes out . Having not completed either of them , I 'm rather confused about all the Precursor stuff . I hope this does n'te stop me from enjoying the storylines as much.I understand that fans of the games -LRB- Jak II especially -RRB- tend to also like this `` Ratchet and Clank '' thing I 've heard so much about . I 've never tried them myself . Maybe I should.I really liked the dramatic change in tone and gameplay style between the first two games , from the upbeat , beautiful `` Jak and Daxter '' to the dark and dirty `` Jak II . '' I hope we get another cool variation on this one . I do n't want it to be just a repeat of `` Jak II . `` You 're probably wondering about the title of my review . It 's possible that by the time anyone reads this the review I 'm talking about will be gone , but there 's like four copies of the same review -LRB- `` NOT The Last Game ! '' -RRB- posted at the time I 'm writing this . I do n't know how this happened , but I 'd like whoever 's doing it to stop . All it does is take up space and make it harder for other people to post their own reviews.Anyway , I 'm really excited about this game and yes , `` Jak 4 '' as well -LRB- although I 'm wondering if there 's any truth to this rumor -RRB- . LONG LIVE DAXTER !
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 If you 've never played the Jak and Daxter trilogy from Naughty Dog - you 're missing out on a great deal of fun my friend!Over the past few years these games have become some of the most graphically advanced and challenging games -LRB- hero mode-Jak II -RRB- to grace the market ! A purchase well worth your time and money !
 ive played the first two and they were awsome . And if the first two were good then the third must be even better .
 I would recommend this game to all friends . I ca n't stop playing it after I start . i absolutely love the game .
 I purchased this PS game at the request of my daughter , so I ordered it for a Christmas present to her . She enjoys the game as she has another version of it , also .
 This game is great . Not as good as Jak 1 but still good and worth the 10 $ . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I played this game till I dropped !!! the best part is that Jak and Daxter both start out in the barin wastlands as out casts and must help save the `` Wastlanders '' from being distroyed and they have to return to Haven city where they must help the new imperial guard protect the innocent citizens . Jak gets new powers as Dark Jax and Jak also discovers the light eco and there is many fun things you can do with it as well like fly !!! I give this game 5 stars .
 Finally , the third sequel of Jak & Daxter is here ! I 've been waiting months for it to come out . Jak 3 -LRB- and Ratchet & Clank
 Jak and dexter 1 and 2 were beter then Ratchet and clank 1 and 2 when i herd they were making a jak 3 i been serching all over it i saw some trailers look cool and i saw the trailers at gamespy.com and jak 3 you get some wepons from ratchet and clank 1 and 2 .
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 Jak 3 is an awsome game . I mean you get 12 guns , and you get 4 or MORE off road vehicles and as you proceed through the game Jak gets some krunk armour . I haved played Jak 1 and 2 about to be 3 and I liked every single one . Their great reader you need to buy this game , if your a true gamer you will buy this game .
 Having played and beatin Jak II I read the cover story onJak III and it is looking to be the best Jak game ever.Jak is once again arrested and taken to a wasted city far fromHaven city . Why is he arrested ? ... Because for his crimes he must be punished ... I have no Idea what the hell I said but It said it on Gameinformer ... I cant wait for this game to come out.Jaks new look kicks ! I hope its as good as 2 ! WAIT !!! IT WILL!This will be in big competition with Ratchet and Clank 3 : Up your Arsenal ... I cant wait!this game is comming out the same time 2 came out last year ...
 As an `` older '' generation gamer using PS2 I fell in love with Jak and Daxter and got all of the series , HOWEVER this game is at times way too hard for me and I spend hours doing the same thing over and over again only to fail again . On line Game FAQ 's are not helpful and usually have to ask my adult son to `` pleaseeeeee just get me past this point '' . I found this to be much much harder than Precursor Legend and I do n't think I can get thru it , may switch to something else because I am tired of being frustrated and stuck on same thing for a week Grrrr .
 I have played jak and daxter and jak 2 , but not until I got jak 3 was I surprised . This game was actually a lot of fun . I only had one problem with it . . I beat it in about a day . 100 % complete on the first day I got it . There were no hard parts and even though it was too easy , the parts that are in it were fun . Out of the 4 part series -LRB- now that jak x cmae out -RRB- this one came through with flying colors . There are still great weapons , good cars , great missions , and the little funny guy we call daxter . . who by the way was n't in the title . Ever since jak 2 they kicked him out ! oh well , i still remeber you.fromgame-rater-dude-kind-of-but-not-officially guy
 Jak 3Important InformationProduced by ; Naughty Dog special requirements ; none system required ; Play station 2 when released ; 2004 Rate ; Rated T for teenGenre ; Action-AdventureDo you like guns , Action , Adventure and dune buggies well you probably do if not do n't read this review because this game has all of it . It 's Jak 3 for the play station 2 . Do n't worry about the first or second one cause this one is nothing like the others . If you 're anything like me you 'll love this game.Jak 3 is a role playing adventure game with Jak and his furry companion Daxter Jaks best friend who was changed from a human to a talking ottesel in the first one -LRB- he 's on Jaks shoulder -RRB- . The name was originally Jak And Daxter 3 but it was changed . The plot of the game is to survive under the harsh but fair king of Spargus in the desert because Jak was cast out for life . Later in the game you figure out a dark planet star is going to kill the planet and everything on it . So Jak has to once again beat Veiger up until he 's ether dead or cant move then beat Errol who is a crazy maniac . Who was destroyed in the second one but he lived I figured that out in this game now he is mostly butt kicking robot . Jak is tough while Daxter is talk Jak is smart while Daxter is stupid Jak is ... well you know where am getting at . There 's Torn a tough talking man who is n't afraid of a single thing . There 's a green , ugly , wrinkled up sage named Samos say 's Daxter but he is pretty cool . Another one is Damos the king of Spargus a village where Jak currently living.The setting is in a desert and a city called haven city Jak and Daxter with Daxter on his shoulder go every where to find and stop Veager they figure out Errol is Alive . To travel the desert you get some wicked dune back when you get them all there 's about 15 in all some of the best are called the Desert Screamer Sand Shark the Horn Dozer and my favorite the Dust Demon . When in the desert you can pull some wicked tricks . There 's lizards to Zoomers to dune buggy 's it ca n't get any better this . Topping it off Jak 3 is my favorite action-adventure game I give it 5 out of 5 still there 's much more to this game then I told you you 'll like it I know you will .
 Yes , I have loved the series since 2003 , -LRB- got my PS2 for christ-mas -RRB- and alas , the first one was great ! First , you had to defeatsome dark eco-infested freaks called Gol and Maia who could ofturned whacky little Daxter in a human . Then , we go into the bigmetropolis of Haven City , well , Jak was a mute in Episode I , andhis first words were , `` I 'm gon na kill PRAXIS ! '' haunting , yes , b-ut an old man called Kor was the REAL villain ! he turned into aenormous Metal Head called Metal Kor . Then we got to the last o-f the series , with full meat of characters like Kleiver , a rotu-nd chap , Count `` Baron '' Veger , a Preecursor-obsessed madman who , will vanish Jak , Pecker , and Daxter into The Wasteland . Cyber-Errol , yes he is a old one but he is all behind Jak 's misery , Seem , a face-painted woman who fears Armageddon . Damas , he isthe king of peaceful Oasis-like Spargus , but for the review , of which game is better , Jak and Daxter , The Precursor Legacy , and Jak II , well , obvious , Jak I delivers a good kick for theoldest PS2 game , but Jak II , is harder , more health , and got agood bit of new-ones , but I 'd recommend that Jak I is for theyounger gamers and adult gamers 6 to 106 , Jak II had cuss words , so it would recommended it 10 and up .
 1 . You get more guns . 2 . Dark Jak gets a few more tricks . and 3 . You get more guns.Jak has been banished to the Wasteland outside Haven . Ashlin -LRB- sp ? -RRB- gave him a beacon and was found by the king of Spargus , Damas . He meets a big -LRB- and i mean , BIG . -RRB- powerhouse named Kleiver -LRB- Get the Kleivers diaper cheat for some laughs -RRB- , the spiritual monk Seem -LRB- And called `` coloring book '' by Daxter -RRB- , and is blessed by the Precursors . And remember Jinx from the sewers , he 's back . -LRB- Though he doesnt play such a big role -RRB- along with Vin , Samos , Keira , and Torn in this new , kick butt adventure . And dont worry , Praxis doesnt do a spooky reappearence , - MASS SPOILER ALERT - Errol does though . So grab your guns and kick some ... Jak and Daxter style !
 Jak 3 is awsome ! I like this game very much , i do n't have much time for play , but if i have some off time i love to play .
 I have loved the Jak series since it was unleashed , and so far , I think this is the best game . Although I 've completed the game 3 times + , I still love the solida story line they keep throughout all of the games . The graphics are fabulous , and the gameplay moves along like a breeze.My favorite characters are between Jak , and Samos . Samos is the elder Green Sage -LRB- referring to the first game -RRB- , but he returns in all three games after Jak and Daxter.My one complaint is that I hate how much the character 's faces have changed . A character mainly from Jak and Daxter , Kiera , she was so adorable in the first one . But now , she is so ugly . Jak remains quite attractive , and Daxter is as cute as ever . They have much better upgrades for the Peace Maker -LRB- this is the last gun you earn if you are unfamiliar with the Jak series -RRB- , and all of the weapons still remain awesome.I love this game , and everything about it -LRB- except Kiera 's new ugly face -RRB- . ***** Five Stars !
 This is the best jak game in the series . The handling of the wasteland vehicles is spectaculur . The game is not easy which is good . Graphics are good as well . If you are a fan of ratchet and clank get this game . Overall I give this game a perfect 10 .
 I rented this game first and loved it . I then bought it and beet it . The gme is fun with hours upon hours of extras . Hero mode is the coolest .
 Jak 3 and the whole Jak seris great I am a 11 yro girl and have never played Rachet and Clank at all but I would try it . Now about Jak3 . Jak has light powers and gun upgrades and Jak can travel to the desert and city . BEST EVER
 Jak and Daxter have always made fun games . Jak 1 had you stopping a mad man and saving the world , JakII had you exploring a big city , and trying to stop the vicious metalheads , but Jak 3 was breathtaking . Jak 3 lands you in the middle of a war . The game has great graphics . One amazing thing in the game was Cyber Errol , he had an unpresedented amount of polygons -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . The only let down was the mission where you piloted the Blast Bot to destroy the Freedom Leagues shield , because the bot was weak -LRB- when you have to fight them they are alot tougher -RRB- about 5 shots kills it when you pilot it , and Krimzon Gaurds were warping in left and right . The Freedom Gaurds were n't that helpful , they just got in the way . But the sound was awesome . Naughty Dog did a great job on the cutscenes too . The only other let down was the fact that Jason Ruben left the Naughty Dogs , therefore disbanding the Naughty Dogs -LRB- Jason was the games designer -RRB- killing off any chance for another Jak trilogy . But this game is great . If you go through doing everything in the game , it will last you a good 6 months , because 3 secrets are easier to get in Hero Mode - a harder version of the game , all the side quests and the game length . You should definateley get it . If I had my own game review show , I would rate this game a 20/20 . You should definateley try this game . Oh yeah , amazing storyline and unforgettable characters .
 Earlier this month Sony announced that there are not one , but TWO Jak sequels coming out later this year . In case you have n't heard , and I know that you have with the two reviews below , a purely racing game featuring Jak is coming out this fall called Jak X
 First of all , let me say that the Jak trilogy is one of my favorite franchises of all time . Platforming is definately my favorite genre of gaming . Jak 3 does not disappoint . With a perfect mixture of platforming , driving , and shooting ; Jak , if even possible , improves on every gaming level that Jak II started.The story , though still great by all means , is not as involving as Jak II . In the last game it pulled you into a continuously spiraling pool of deceit and betrayal . In this game there is backstabbing , but there are n't as many plot twists as before.Now , one thing that has been on everyone 's minds is
 First of all this is to those two people that are fighting . Shut the hell up , both of you because this is not what these reviews are for . Now , this game has some new features to it , new guns , dune buggies , light power and a new land to explore . The wasteland is 5x bigger than Haven city and there is a city in the wasteland -LRB- did n't catch the name of it -RRB- . There are 12 new gun upgrades and a large number of dune buggies . Also jak has light powers too because he found light eco along the way and now he has light shield , light flight , light regeneration and flash freeze . Dark jak also makes his appearence but he only has shadow invisibility . So get this game its so cool .
 This game is hot!You get to do many abilties such as dark and light jak.When i first played jak1 , it was lame!Butt when i played jak3 , it was the best game ever.Take my word of advice , dont spend your money until u buy it PERIOD .
 Jak3 is awesome ! There 's so much you can do . Unlike jak2 , in jak 3 it is more than just one big city . It 's two big cities and a Huge area of wasteland . If your gon na say that Ratchet and Clank
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 Jak 3 is a nice conclusion to the precursor trilogy made up of the last three games -LRB- although Naughty Dog is insisting that there will be more jak & daxter games following a different storyline -RRB- . What I like most about Jak 3 is that , like the last two games , it delivers a great storyline and great gunplay -LRB- speaking from a realistic point of view , otherwise I 'd be focusing on the Ratchet & Clank games -RRB- . The additional platforming game elements and GTA-style free roaming and mission-based gameplay make this a terrific all-around game.The free roaming is not a new element in the Jak & Daxter series ; Naughty Dog first incorporated the style into Jak II , the game which took the series in a whole new direction . However , they?ve taken a smart step going into Jak 3 with the worlds
 this game is a great game for all kids . it is so much fun testing out the new gun upgrades and stuff ! i love it and you should get it . its on such a low price at toys r us -LRB- 39.99 -RRB- hec i would by it for $ 200 its so good u need to have itsent in by JAK and DAXTER MASTER !! This game is # 1
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 I saw on gameinformer about this game . Amazing . New guns , Advanced weapons , and to top it all off , Light Jak a flying , healing ... Awesome creature thing . And when Jak 2 came out I was excited about Dark Jak . This knocks him out of the water . Even though Dark Jak is still awesome . I know what im doin as soon as this game comes out , goin to gamestop to buy it . Do n't care to rent it , just buyin it . Ya 'll had better do the same . Read up on this game as much as you can . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have played the demo and the missions rock ! the missions were to destroy those metal heads from the wasteland , explore the eco place thingy -LRB- ... -RRB- , and escort the mine train . to use light jak 's solo-mo thing , hold L2 then press square -LRB- i think -RRB- , the guns are a needle gun , singel shot , bounce shot , gun pod , shotgun , 360 radius shot , grenade launher , mini gun , laser gun , EMP gun , anti gravity gun , and nuclear missel launcher . U HAVE TO GET THIS GAME !!!!
 if you liked the game jak 2 you will like this game even more . you get to fight for to new cities now , haven city and spargus city . haven city has fallen into ruins and the krimzon guards creation the krimzon death bots have gotten a new leader and have attacked and smashed haven city . the krimzon guards are much better soldiers and are actually on your side for once in the whole series.they are covered in blue armor and call them selves the freedom league . they have more teenage like voices and tend to swear a lot in battle . they are desperetly defending haven city and are actuallly doing pretty good . the metal heads also join the chaos and take over and deform a small section of the city . a new and much more powerful enemy called the dark makers who are the precursors long lost enemies return and are trying to destroy not only haven city but the entire planet . you also get to go to a new city located in the harsh and savege wastland desert . the only reason you end up there is becuase the stupid grand council of haven city decides to blame you for everything that ever happened to haven city and punish you by banishing jak to the waste land to die . your found by damus , the king of spargus city who rescues you and takes you back to his kingdom . ther you get to fight in a lava flooded battle arena to prove your self . you get a new light jak capability by taking in light eco . you can easily access a huge garage full of rugged combat vehicles specialy designed to take on the harsh waste land . you also get over 12 diffrent guns based on the 4 originals wich are also included . you get your hover board back wich comes with several attackes of its own . you also get another mech suit wich is used to battle the dark makers . you also get a hair cut and a new oultfit wich also has some hard core precursor armor wich not only protects you but also boosts your health meter . the game features even better graphics , more missions , more locations , better gameplay and an even more complex and addictive storyline . you get to work for a new cast of heroes and freinds as well as the usual dirty lowlifes who betray you at the worst possible moments.this game also reveals the long kept secret of the precursors wich i found funny , suprising and disapointing but i wont ruin it for you . i love this game even more than jak 2 wich wasnt even half as good as this one though it was still awsome if you read my review of that game . it is the best in the jak and daxter series even thogh it isnt the newest installment in the series . i love a lot of diffrent video games and series but this one is one of my favorites . i highly recomend you buy this game becuase it is worth any price its sold for . this is a truley amazing and fun game and everyone should enjoy it as much as i do .
 In a way , Jak 3 is more of a direct sequel to chapter two than it is a continuation of the storyline that was established in part one . I realize that this was meant to be the end of a journey , a `` coming of age '' story that follows the title character through his innocence , his adolescence , and finally his ascent into adulthood . Bearing in mind , it 's only natural that he 'd want to distance himself from the people and places that make him feel like an adventuring child , rather than a self-assured saver of globes . `` When I became a man , I put away childish things , '' after all.Where the inspiration behind the storytelling of Jak II was unquestionably Blade Runner , the main source of direction for this final chapter comes largely from Mel Gibson 's The Road Warrior . The outlanders who rescue the title-endorsed duo from their exile and drag them back to their own makeshift shanty town are the textbook definition of an early '80s burly man . They adorn themselves with hundreds of pointy edges , enormous , hopelessly detailed weapons and layer after layer of questionably-hemmed leather . They puff out their chests at every opportunity , and speak like a cluster of throat cancer survivors.These new characters are just overflowing with personality , which makes the minor cutscenes and motivational speeches entertaining , but I could n't shake the feeling that they were just going through the motions in an attempt to mimic the successful main cast of the second game . It 's like they were trying to match the edge of the gritty , sullen warriors of Jak II , but were missing some intangible element that kept them from reaching that full potential . The twists and turns of their storylines were somewhat transparent -LRB- I 'd figured out the major twist in Damas 's story within an hour of meeting him -RRB- , their importance to the central plot is thrown into question fairly early on , -LRB- when you return to the city around the three hour mark and only occasionally return to the desert thereafter -RRB- and for all of their gusto , their emotional impact on the player does n't hold a candle to the inner-city gangs that ran chapter two.As the `` last '' game in the series , -LRB- Daxter on the PSP and Jak X
 I got Jak and Daxter : TPL only because I liked the Crash Bandicoot series . I thought the game was OK . Then I played Jak II and thought it was a little frusterating but still loved it . Now I got Jak 3 and loved it . It is too short because it took me a week and a half and my game time was about 14 hours . This is now my favorite video game of all time !!!!!!!!!
 jak3 is the bestest game ever i completed the first two games and codnt stop collecting the orbs anyway i have a demo of jak3 and its greet when you hit a enemy they go fliying thro the air its much more entertaning if you ether kick/punch a enemy of the wall or contingusley hiting them on the wall intil they just cant go on but stil try to get up but just falls back on the flor and dies the wepones are grate once you get to uose them and the veichels are dead usfel to run other their perthetic litel bodys i alsow like the music it just sounds a bit more stiylesh listen when you turn to light jak for the first time all you can do is a sheild wich is very powerfule or this powerfule punch to oblterate those metalheads oh and heres the weird part the metalheads are taking orders from a human and if thats not bad the new human ruelr is the council leader in haven city witch means he has more power ofer haven city than ashlin and the krimsonde guards are back and i dont know whos ruling them but when jak gets sent to the wastland by the council he gets piked up by some real wastlanders like sig he gets all his wepons takon away his mucelc get so big they tere thro his sleves and big gloves his metal by his arms get old and rusty so does his pules wich means no more mercy and near the end of the game all the wastlanders go and help jak and the fredome fighters destroy the metalheads and the krimson guards the graphics are so good it looks beter than a carton movie dark jak and light jak are biger bader and stronger than ever before this is not the last jak and daxter game thier will be 3 more but it will be a difrent story i completed jak1 in a year because i couldnt get all the power cells but i did it in the end it tok me two days to complet jak2 but jak2 you get dark eco cristels with every mison you do but i dont know much about dark eco cristels but i think the metalhead leader is triying to bild another giant precarsar robot but i dont know that thoure sure but the wastland is twice as big as haven city and jak has changed his hair still again i will be telling you more about jak3 when it comes out to by instore but thore now peacout .
 I have been gathering all the info on this game until this day the game has finally came out . Even though I have not played this game yet but I know it will be EXTREMELY AWESOME . And now that Jak has got new abilities , for example , light Jak , new powers for dark Jak , and new abilities for your guns .
 You have to get get it it will be the best game ever when i played the demo it was asmome and its way better than `` Halo 2 '' will ever be.GET IT GET IT GET IT GET IT GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now
 I CANT WAIT FOR THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!! I played the first 2 games and I loved both of them . But this is not the last game so expect a 4th Jak game .
 This Rocks !!!! My Favorite !!!!!!! It does have Some swears in it though.But it is still cool!The Precursors are FAT and skinny versions of Daxter !!!! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOPS !!! I blew the secret.Just Buy IT !!!!!!
 i dont have the game but i played the demo the new guns are awsome my favorite was the one that look like an atomic bomb.i have played and beat all the other ones and dying to get jak3 i always get them on christmas.and also i dont see how ratchet and clank are rivals because on jak2 there is a poster of them on the arena . i havent played any rathet and clank games but i think if you were going to chose from the two it should be jak3 .
 Ever since Jak and Daxter came out on the PS2 , I have been a big fan of the series . From the simple kid-friendly Jak and Daxter to the gritty , violent Jak II , the J&D ; series has been on the top of my list.When I heard that Jak 3 was coming out November , I was ecstatic . I gathered all the info I could on it . New Dark Jak powers , a new form called Light Jak which allows you to glide and heal yourself , extended gun mods , and much better vehicle control.When I heard that it was the last game , I was heart broken.And then I heard the news from an interview from one of the producers at Naughty Dog that Jak 3 will not be the duo 's last outing.Yes , Jak 3 will tie up the story line started in the Precursor Legacy , but it is not the end of the series . All the mysteries about Jak 's past and the Precursors will be covered . But there will be a Jak 4 , probably starting a new story line . I know this review does n't cover anything bout the game , you can read other reviews for that . I had to say this so that the word was spread . -LRB- for more info , see the Game Informer magazine , issue # 136 -RRB-
 1 year after jak saved haven haven city from kor and the attacking metal heads jak got banished to the wasteland where he is there for life.Before jak was banished Ashlen gave him a detector for someone to find him so pecker and dextar go with him to the wasteland where he passes out and is all of a sudden saved .
 First of all i am 13 and second to that little 8 year old , you need to shut the hell up , ready the rating its teen , NOT FOR YOU LITTLE 8 YEAR OLDS , so stop complaining , go by elmo 's world or muppet adventures or something . Anyway this game is great , lots of ships and guns , great graphics and everything . The gamplay is like medium , not too easy and not too hard . So get this game , and you little 8 year olds stay away from it .
 I have loved jak and Daxter and Jak II I ca n't wait to get Jak 3 I belive like other reveiwers said there will be a Jak 4
 I 'm gettin ' this game for Christmas and if it 's lousy I 'm gon na be ticked ! That 's all I have to say . I 'll write another review once I 've played it .
 jak 3 is finally out and it is soc coolit would be better if they gave it a multiplayer optionjak 3 and killzone probably can kill halo 2get this game now it will be your best game ever
 Jak 3 is going to be a REALLY TOTAL AWESOME game to playThis game is getting GREAT reviewI give it 5 Stars `` Highly Recommended '' REALLY TOTAL WORTH IT TO PLAY this game on the Sony Playstation 2
 This is my second review so far . I just got the official guide , and can tell you plenty.The main characters are
 Seriously jaw dropping game . Tons of fun and absolutely beautiful graphics . Overall the full game is a little on the short side but I feel that the Ultra-intense ride that it takes you on is more than worth it.I really loved the original Far Cry and although Csysis is different and more futuristic it still has all of my favorite elements.The maps and enviroments seem like they might be a tad bit smaller than those in Far Cry but they are still vast and allow you a certain amount of freedom to accomplish missions in different ways.I ca n't wait for the addon ` Warheads '' .
 This is an awesome first person sci-fi shooter and I highly recommend it to any gamer for its outstanding graphics , fun and addicting gameplay , and awesome story.Along with that the multiplayer is a ton of fun!GET THIS GAME!the - bored-gamer . tumblr.com
 I wanted to try this game since last 3 years but my personal laptop was n't able to run it smoothly , No doubt it needs a high end machine . My new machine specifications areIntel Xeon E3 1240 V28GB 1600 Mhz RAMXFX HD 7870 Graphics Card120 GB SSDWindows 8ASUS 27 '' LED monitorInitially I was in dilemma whether to go for this game with Windows 8 or not , But I did some research and installed this game . And this runs like butter . I am running my Computer in ` Low Power Consumption Mode ' in which CPU hardly goes above 1.56 Ghz and without any OC of HD 7870 too at ` Maximum ' settings available in Crysis -LRB- i.e. at ` Very High ' settings -RRB- and it runs flawessly without any lag or drag anywhere.I read somehwere Crysis runs bit faster on Windows 8 ! Regardless I am very happy for now !
 I had heard about it and many people have played it . So , I got it on sale and was glade to play it through . It was fun but not much for replay . The story was interesting enough too .
 played it for hours had a few issues on last mission crashes and load issues game booster might help solve this in some cases . the game looks great on high specs ! and full res . did not hit up the multiplayer however i will play crysis 2 at some point .
 I have had crysis for awhile but i recently decided to go back and play it because i downloaded crysis 2 and am excited to play it . Even after all this time I really enjoyed playing the game . Sure there are a few things with the gameplay that frustrate but overall the game is still one of the best fps games you can play . The graphics still look amazing even by todays standards . Games today are still trying to look as good . The gameplay is very satisfying as well . Using your suits powers to tackle a situation is incredibly fun . The only complaints i have with the game are with the gameplay however . They are small . At the first of the game you are set in an island and given freedom to tackle the objectives the way you want to . that 's great , but trying to find equipment to tackle that objective can be sometimes hard and frustrating to find in such a massive level . Also the enemies can take way too much damage before dying . I was just on the normal setting and i would sometimes load half a clip into a guy before he died . However , this is still one of my favorite games to play . I recommend it to any fps fan .
 great graphics but you better have a pc that can keep up with this game ! love the instant download option , had the game in less than an hour and it was ready to go , thanks again amazon
 i really liked the game a lot most of the time . But some how after the alien space floating ; i lost totaly intreast in the action.looked stupid to me . Played the game on medium setting on a dual core Quad g-force 8600GT . It was fine . to bad the aliens turned out that boring .
 I just want to say , buy it , you wont be sorry . My only recommendation if you want to play the game at it 's best , you will need a killer computer , ex
 i was dissapointed that there is no rank or ladder system with online play however the grafics and gameplay are superb
 Absolutely great but make sure you have the hardware to play it at its full potential . This game requires some high-end hardware .
 Crysis is a relatively fun game with varying environment design and constant action . However , almost all of the objectives are the same and the sheer amount of enemies -LRB- even on normal difficulty -RRB- becomes aggrivating . There are certain levels where a seemingly endless number of Korean troops are attempting to kill you . Despite my gripes , I do like the game and continue to play regularly.My biggest complaint is the fact that to play this game on its highest settings at a decent resolution , you need a $ 3,000 computer . I have a decent rig -LRB- Intel E6750 , nVidia 8800GT , 2Gb PC2-8500 ram , etc. -RRB- and I can devour any game on max settings up to 1680 resolution . But I can only run Crysis smoothly on all high settings , but not very high or with any anti-aliasing . Even 8800 Ultras and a QX9650 struggle with this game at high resolutions . Now , the game is beautiful , especially the foliage , but it should not be as demanding on hardware as it is . There exists other games which look nearly as good with nowhere near the hardware requirement -LRB- COD4 , for instance -RRB- . I hope that the eventual Far Cry 2 will be coded better to be more resourceful with harware .
 Well this game is the new benchmark for gaming rigs . So if you want to put your hardware to the test , put this game on medium settings ... That 's a joke , but seriously , this game is hefty on the requirements . Despite that , I was able to run it fairly well with my 256MB ATI x800s in Crossfire configuration.The game itself is really fun and supports the Microsoft Xbox Wireless Adapter really well . I played through this game with my 360 controller and never had to refer to the keyboard.Most of the game you are pretty much ripping through North Koreans , which was the fun part . Towards the end though , you start fighting these crazy mechanical aliens and it 's just not as fun.Overall , it does add some new things to the way overdone FPS genre . So that 's nice . It 's a well-polished game , but it could use some improvements like character developments and suit upgrades and stuff like that .
 Crysis is a fun FPS with great graphics . You will def need a fast pc - I have a Q6600 -LRB- core 2 quad -RRB- with 3GB ram and a 512mb 8800GT and was getting smooth gameplay at 1440x900 with most of the graphics on medium and a few on high with 2X AA . The vehicles are fun , the guns are fun , and the enemies are numerous and fairly smart . Not sure about any online component , but I bet it doesnt compare to COD4 or TF2 . Definitely worth playing through once -LRB- around 15-20 hrs -RRB- . Oh yes ... the quick save and quick load work VERY well ... . even if you die a lot -LRB- playing on delta , you will die a bunch :-RRB- -RRB- you get right back to the action .
 Crysis , is an easy best FPS choice . I do n't quite understand why there 're so many arguements about it but I do quite understand the level of frustrations could be bundled with this game.Hardware consuming - Many reviewers point out that they ca n't run the game smoothly and result of a 2 star . Crysis , like F.E.A.R. , is a game for tomorrow 's hardware . You really need very high-end graphic card in order to utilize its potential . How high is high ? A reviewer said that 7900 is high . Well , my 8800GTS 640mb ca n't run this game in last stage which is an open sea environment with lots explosions in a heavy rain . I have to lower the setting to low in order to avoid lagging so that I can shoot those aliens . If you need a clear line between high or not-high . 8800 is the line . Keep in mind that this is a game that CPU matters . If you have a crappy CPU , you will experience lagging.Bugs - There 're several known bugs in this game . The most annoying one is so called `` none-trigger event '' which many people experienced in the stage where you have to save a hostage in a school . What happens is you got stuck in that stage , ca n't go anywhere and ca n't do anything . It 's almost like you spent $ 49 to play only 1/3 or the game . I do n't think the newest patch fixed this bug . However , there 're many websites provide solutions such as go certain path in order to trigger certain event . My personal opinion , after calling EA support for help , the best solution is to download the saved game with the right sequence from the Internet -LRB- may people offer that -RRB- , overwrite your old saved game , and start from there.Did I say bugs ? Oh yeah , it has more.After you spent several hours to find a bug fun such as a precision rifle or mini-gun and save all the ammos for them . You feel good about yourself . You saved the game and go to bed . Next day , when you load the saved game and often time you 're in the middle of a situation you need firepower , you realize your mini gun is disappeared from your inventory ! That 's another bug that new released patch did n't fix.To fix that , you have to have yourself killed and the next time system load the game , your inventory will be accurate.One last bug I 'd like to point out is a weird bug . I guess it has to do with the psychic dimension they put into this game due to the massive 3D environment . This bug will cause you a sudden death without any reason . It happens when you try to squeeze yourself through a tiny space . For instance , space between a barrel and the wall or the space between a desk and a chair . If you keep on pushing it , you 'll die instantly . For a game like Crysis which focused on every details to be realistic , this is not real at all and sometimes can be very frustrated.A perfect example I have is in the stage where you need to go to the school located in the center of a village -LRB- the same stage that you might stuck in there -RRB- . This is a difficult stage because you have to wipe out all North Korean soldiers . In addition to that , you have to follow certain path in order to trigger the event . Well , after spending 45 mins to kill 99 % of the enemy , you tried to squeeze through a space between two barrels in order to get a clean shot of the last standing enemy . All of a sudden , you die without any reason . And you 'll turn off you computer right away because you just notice that you have to start doing the same thing all over!Crysis is a highly anticipated game especially the release date got postponed several times . Those frustrations make this nearly prefect masterpiece less attractive . I 'm still amazed by the detail , the beautiful environment , the cinematic sequence , the background music and the designs even when I played the second time . It 's kinda understandable for those people who gave 1 star or 2 star reviews because of the frustrations caused by bugs and hardware requirements . I do n't know about bugs but I do know that the correlation between hardware and ultra realistic presentation is positive . Because of that I truly appreciate the effort that Crysis put together . As a matter of fact , I 'm leaning toward appreciation over frustration on this trade-off line that Crysis gave us . I 'll easily give it 4.5 out 5 with all those annoying bugs and frustrations .
 Sadly the headline of this says it all . You need great power in your PC to play this game and fully feel like you got your monies worth.Before you read any further I will say that if you do not have a minimum of a 256mb GForce 8800 GT then this game will not be as spectacular as it was intended to be.Secondly if you do not have a minimum of 2gb of RAM you will be disappointed as well because the frame rate will chug your computer down to a stand still . I have 3gb of RAM and it brings my computer to a stand still in some instances . Of course I am playing on the full settings.This game is made for power PC gamers . Those of us , in the realm of super computers , have gaming rigs powerful enough to play Doom 3 at it 's fullest potential . This is however is not to say that you can not get this game and play it on a minimum spec machine at the lowest settings and still enjoy it.If after all that you are still here and I have not deterred you from buying one of the most CPU intensive games , that will push your computer to the limit then read on . On a side note the game is rated a 5.0 for recommended CPU power and I am at 5.6 with my PC.Crysis is an absolutely beautiful game . From the water to the environment you will find yourself in awe of the pure graphic power that is created on screen . You 'll almost think you are on vacation out in the tropics . The story is great -LRB- Not as good as say BioShock -RRB- but great . You are dropped onto an island inhabited by crazy military Koreans who sound like American voice actors more often than not . They also have a firm grasp of our swear words which they use frequently to try and entice you to poke your head out from your hiding spot.Your character is Nomad and you have other squad mates as well , but I tend to think they are there because the government does n't want to drop you in alone , but does n't want to give you any help either . Needless to say they are as useless as the pistols are in this game.Onto the actual nuts and bolts ... Within seconds you are realizing there is more to the island than just Koreans hanging out on the beach drinking Mai-Thais and watching the sunset . This is obvious as one of your squad mates is killed in a fashion very similar to what you would find in the movie Predator . This game is rated M for mature so you youngins need to ask your parents before playing . Of course most of you do n't have the power in your PC to run this anyways so continue on.The basics are that the Koreans are protecting something they do n't want you to find . Could be electronic Kim-Chi noodle bowls for all you know until 10 minutes into the game where you see ... well do n't want to spoil it for you . Just fight the Koreans ... The driving portions in the game are downright pathetic and poor . Crashing into a wood fence is like hitting a brick wall . Hitting a brick wall is like running over a land mine and so on . Like this implies all environmental objects will hinder your movement forward.The bad part of this game is that you need to take it upon yourself to constantly save the game or you 'll find yourself going back and doing your last task that took you an hour over again once you die and you will die because Koreans and very adamant about killing you once they see you.All in all Crysis is a game that all gamers over 15 will enjoy . However most gamers who are 15 - 18 probably do n't have the latest computer and 5 years from now when they do they will probably not remember that Crysis came out .4 out of 5 Gamer Points .
 I LIKE THIS GAME , GOOD ENOUGH TO CHALLENGE YOU . UNFORTUNATELY IT CAN NOT BE PLAYED THRU TO THE END BY MYSELF . THERE ARE PLACES WHERE YOU CAN NOT GET PAST , YOU CA N'T WIN , YOU ARE JUST STUCK .
 This game pack for the PC included Crysis and Crysis 2 . Because of the inability to tone down the cursing in game , I dropped this one in the trash.It 's one thing for adults to put up with , but quite another when there are grandkids around . The fix would have been easy enough
 Crytek has done an excellent job with this title . Do n't think you need a $ 10,000 computer to run this game . My computer is valued at 700 and runs the game on high settings .
 Those complaining about this game running terrible on their system should upgrade their pc . It 's time for pc gaming to move forward to the next generation of graphics and this game is the beginning plus it 's pretty fun . PS3 and Xbox 360 can not run this game . They are to slow and not powerful enough . They will have to wait till next generation in order to run games like this . PC gamers have it now ! So what are you waiting for ? You should be happy and pc hardware is n't that expensive anymore . Go to Newegg , Hardocp , Anandtech , Extremetech for your pc info .
 Crysis is easily the best game ever made.Graphics are AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME . A lot of people whining because their spec is four years old . That is n't acceptable now . Get with the times . My mid-spec machine runs it in on Very High , 1440x900 resolution , with only water turned down to medium and Volumetric Lighting at High . I get between 25-40fps which is amazing and it looks like a dream . The cut scenes were going at 15fps and a couple of places in-game but I accept my machine is n't high spec.Use of sound is also brilliant . Screw the potato guns of UT3 , Crysis has the best weapons.The story is amazing . Characters are decent . Action is AWESOME in every sense - 100 % . The game lets YOU decide how YOU play . If you do n't like stealth and want to go in guns blazing so be it . Or you can kill every enemy in the level and then demolish their buildings . Did I mention the physics are the best ever ? I destroyed three buildings by throwing a barrel through them . Owned.Don ' t take notice of these whingers who are still using the family PC bought in 2000 , this is the real deal .
 Crysis is so revolutionary that most people really ca n't fathom the power behind the Crytek engine.Almost all the negative complaints are regarding computer problems or requirements . The game is also fairly short but in todays high graphic FPS shooters its actually relatively long . Crysis took me about 12 hours to beat and I go fairly fast , whereas COD4 took me 4 hours -LRB- what a ripoff ! -RRB- . But the beauty of Crysis is that it has a great replay value , ie . there are many different ways to approach each objective . The forests in high detail are amazing , this game has gone through painstaking detail which the average player would never even notice.Other FPS do n't even compare . . STOP WHINING ABOUT PC REQUIREMENTS !!!! Yes this game requires A LOT of pc . I have a Core 2 duo running stock with 2gb of ram with a Radeon 1950pro and I can run it at medium with some setting such as textures , shadows , water effects , and lighting on high with a framerate around 20fps . This game was designed to be long lasting into the future . I 've seen this game run on a Quad Core with an 8800gts DX10 card on Vista64 on Very High and it can still barely handle it -LRB- 15-20fps -RRB- . From a physics and graphics point of view , its the most amazing game to date . Every little leaf , rock , building , tree ect is rendered in the game to have realistic lighting , mass , physical properties and even air resistance ! In fact the Crytek engine is so advanced that few computers can harness the full power . Most people who say its not impressive have only played on low or medium settings . Yes it is definitely not as impressive and a lot of graphical and physical features are turned off on these settings.If your an FPS gamer , this game is almost as revolutionary as HL2.To all the naysayers - play this game in a year on a PC with a DX10 video card on Vista64 on very high , there is no other game like it.If you are new to FPS or you have a computer that is over a year old or a computer that is not optimized for gaming , you 're probably going to be disappointed .
 A lot have been said about this great game . The feeling I get while playing this incredible game is that I am some kind of Predator but for good cases . I mean , there is nothing sweeter than killing a foe with your invisibility cloak engaged or jumping high with the maximum strength feature of your suit or running lightning fast with the maximum speed feature . This is the most close to real of any RECENT game as feeling like being a Predator like soldier is .
 This game is hands-down the best FPS ever ... and this is coming from a long-time Half Life fan . It 's fun , surprising , extremely challenging . It has more of those `` hold your breath '' moments than any other I 've played . My only complaint is that some of the screens are a bit too difficult ... especially on the hard setting that I used . Even the best gamers are going to get killed repeatedly before finally succeeding . It also requires gaming-quality CPU/graphics card . If you have anything less than a 9800GT , forgot about playing it on a decent resolution .
 Short and sweet
 An incredible campaign . In space , on land , in water . Better than Halo 3 campaign , in my opinion . To explain my title ; cloak mode , strength mode , speed mode , defensive mode , you get the picture ? Awesome .
 Crysis is a great open architecture game that never gets old . You need a strong computer to run graphics at high but it 's a must have if you enjoy the FPS genre .
 This game has turned out to be pretty addictive when playing . Time just slips away as you progress thru the game . Graphics are wonderful , levels interesting and once in awhile a little overwhelming until you try another approach to solving the level . All in all , a game that is worth the price , does n't become boring , levels usually offer something new , and is just plain fun to play .
 Crysis is from the makers of FarCry . It uses a very similar engine , island design and science-fiction type atmosphere to produce what has to be one of the top edge-of-your-seat frenzied blasters ever . You play platoon member Nomad who wears a special Nano suit that gives him extraordinary powers such as maximum armour , strength and speed that allow him to behave in superhuman ways as he is sent to a mysterious island to find out why the local militia has started a hotbed of fighting over something unexplained from another dimension . Cue lots of mowing down trees with high calibre rifles to floating around inside extraterrestrial spacecraft trying to pick off shark-like aliens.Crysis is a two part FPS starting off with island village raids , developing into full scale war maps to eventually become a science-fiction deep space boss beating battler . While it may start off a bit slow as the story progresses -LRB- and your guns get bigger -RRB- it takes some interesting turns and the graphics and virtually film-like in places . The design inside of the alien ship has to be best level design for any game , ever . In fact like FarCry it is the island and the spaceship that are the stars.While Crysis is simply a must have for any FPS fan , especially those who enjoyed FarCry , it does have some failings . The first is that the graphics are so overkill even on a high-end machine with the latest tech you will not be able to run some parts on anything more than medium settings , especially the cut scenes and the end boss battle . Even on a quad-core with an 8800 card only SLI will stand a chance at greater than medium settings for certain parts . So quite simply many people will not be able to play Crysis and no one has played it on the very highest settings because those PCs are not on the market . The other failing is that for some reason the first quarter of the game is quite boring as you just seem to be raiding village after village doing the same stuff over and over again . It takes a few levels , maybe 4 , before Crysis actually kicks in.All in all this is a well made FPS game with lots of new ideas , many features to come to terms with and replay value . FPS lovers should n't hold back on trying to play Crysis , the question is if the world was really ready for it but when it will be Crysis will go down as a game that showed that there are no limits to how the FPS can evolve.Pros : GraphicsThe islandThe alien shipGuns and Nano suitCons : High spec requirements are beyond even the best of PCsBoring 1st quarterAI underperformance at times
 Good game , you are immersed in game play almost immediately , stunning graphics , good story line . This is a very fun game to play!Now for the bad news ... you have to have a pretty high end computer to play this game.My system
 I waited a long time to get this one because my computer was old , but when I recently got a new one I was amazed at how well this supposedly system hog of a game handled on a good machine . Of course , I can imagine it would n't be great on a mid-level machine , but it does state the system requirements on the box and handles a whole lot better than I expected . As a game , this is a pretty good experience . to the best overall , it 's no Orange Box , but hot DOG is it fun ! Pretty intese fps , if you like the genre it 's worth a shot .
 This game is great ! The gameplay , the story , the graphics , the aliens , etc. . Everything in this game is beautiful.If like non-linear FPS Shooters with a good story , beautiful levels and a lot of action , then you must play crysis .
 I 've been a gamer since the Doom days , so I 've seen quite a bit of games in my time . I had heard that Crysis was a visual masterpiece but did n't have a decent rig to play it on . I recently purchased a high-end laptop and decided to give it a try . The graphics , as expected , were excellent . I ran it at high settings with 2xAA and it is one of the best looking games I 've ever played . However , I do like my games to have a story as well , and that 's where I felt this game fell a little flat . I felt for most of the game I did n't really have any emotional connection to the plot . It was obvious within the first few chapters what was going on and the ending did nothing but confirm I was right , removing any shock value that I was probably supposed to feel as the story progressed . When I compare it to one of my favorite games , Mass Effect , it makes this story look like a childish attempt . However , it was still fun to play as I loved the varying power-ups so you could try different strategies in different situations . That made the gameplay variable enough so that I still enjoyed the game even though the story was lacking .
 Read a lot of other reviews and sad to say the newer versions do n't seem to stack up against this first prototype ... so after reading about the other versions got this one and it is fun and recommend it ... I 'm still trying to get out of the relic dig site and make it to the evac zone ... got there once but hit the reset button like a dummy and it put me back ... great game
 CRYSIS is an exceptional game in many respects . Firstly , and most famously , it looks absolutely stunning . On maximum settings the island on which the adventure takes place truly comes to life . The quality of the graphics and the physics remain unsurpassed , in my opinion , even when compared to more recent games . Immersion is critical in games such as this and the CryENGINE used provides this in spades . There 's also a pretty good storyline behind the action and the pacing is good , with the action steadily ramping up to an impressive big finale . The voice acting is always convincing and the cut-scenes fit seamlessly into the flow of the game . The combat is challenging and rewarding . I have just two criticisms
 This game is awesome ! You have the nanosuit which makes you feel like a supersoldier with all of its different modes , combined with excellent level design and weapon customization , make for an incredible game.I highly recomment this game to anyone .
 First
 Crysis is a terrific game . It has all the sneak up and kills and sniper situation a guy could want . The graphics in this game are second TO NONE and particularly if you have a computer powerful enough to handle full settings ! Which most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the computers at the time were not able to pull all the pixels at once due to the tremendous power required to do so . My computer at the time was able to handle medium settings at the max and believe it or not it was pretty darn good . GREAT GAME .
 I like this game . I do n't buy computer games often but this game was interesting . The graphics are cool and the suit with the powers is great .
 The picture online is not the same as the box I received . It was in a `` Value Games '' orange colored box . However , it installed & played flawlessly on Win7 64bit . Sys Specs : i7 BloomfieldAti HD 1gb Radeon 57706gb ram1920x1080 resxbox 360 controller for windows
 I recently purchased this game from lakeplacegames . Now i got the game for like 10 bucks plus standard shipping , the game was received a week to 2 weeks later but of no fault with the retailer . When i received the game it came in the plastic seal , brand new , and in a weird case . However it was the full game and it was simple and easy installation . I was so happy with the transaction . Truly this has to be one of the best games ever . Higher than Halo , Or any other dominant titles of the gaming world . Now my PC does n't run it on the highest setting but you can see the differences in graphics between this and other games . It is just perfect . Now back to lakeplacegames , they were very good in taking care of me there customer . When the shipping went bad instead of charging extra to ship it a second time they did it instead like a good a reputable business would . All in all it was worth 10 dollars and it was worth ordering from lakeplacegames , i recommend them to all looking for bargains and great service .
 Using the powerful CryTek engine , the First-Person Shooter `` Crysis '' provides a graphical treat , decent gameplay , and some neat ideas.In Crysis , you play as a member of an American special forces unit in North Korea . Equipped with a nano-technological supersuit , you have to use your abilities and your wits to move through hostile territory and uncover the reason behind the North Koreans ' recent hostile movements . Your supersuit provides most of the game 's gameplay . It can switch between Maximum Armor , Maximum Strength , Maximum Speed , and a Cloak mode . Every mode uses up recharging energy to do its job ; Maximum Armor blocks damage until its energy runs out , Maximum Strength can punch down small houses and kill soldiers in a single hit , Maximum Speed lets you sprint at gazelle-like speed , and Cloak makes you invisible and lasts longer if you stay still.Of course , it 's easy to assume that with all these abilities , you 'd be an unstoppable death machine . In reality , you 're more like a somewhat above-average regular person . The different abilities are more useful when used intelligently ; Armor , for example , can only block four or five bullets , and speed only provides super-fast speed in bursts of a few seconds . Therefore , the game lies not in simply overpowering your enemies , but using your abilities well . However , the game still does a good job of making you feel powerful - there 's nothing quite as neat as jumping over a wall , then killing the guard on the other side with a single punch . Creative use of your powersWhile the variety of guns is n't particularly great -LRB- the standard FPS assortment of assault rifle , shotgun , sniper rifle , and so on -RRB- , the real appeal of the guns lies in customization options . Each gun can take a variety of scopes , laser sights , silencers , and grenade launchers . The run-and-gun action in the game is reasonably fun , but as mentioned , it 's better to play Smarter than Harder . The guns do n't handle particularly well , and it 's possible to hit an enemy 10 times in the chest without killing him , or hit him once in the head and have him die.The graphics in the game are its main attraction ; the open maps consisting mostly of jungle environments look great and feel immersive , with near-realistic trees and grass . The huge maps and lush lighting effects complement the great feeling of the game . This is one of those games that people buy when they 've just bought a top-of-the-line computer and want to show off what it can do . The sound design is n't that great , but it 's serviceable.Overall , Crysis is a fun game , and if you 've got a computer that can run it , then it 's definitely worth picking up . The one major problem in gameplay is the twist near the end of the game . Not a simple storyline alteration , the twist results in a major change of gameplay . Overall , however , the game is fun and rewards creative thinking , a rarely-seen trait in most modern games.Rating
 If you have a good computer that can run this game and you liked Far Cry , purchase this game NOW !!! . The world graphic detail is so amazing you wo n't believe your eyes . Do not doubt it for a second Crysis is a technological achievement without par in the gaming or for that matter the entertainment industry ... The person who thinks games are n't art has to play this game . No other piece of art is so detailed or inmersing as this one ... For example I was walking down a -LRB- gorgeous -RRB- beach and I saw a galapagos turtle from far away walking about . The beaches and hills are full of life . The cars are drivable and feel very realistic , the weapons and kills are extremelly satisfiying . The suit addition is also great fun . The story is not intrusive , and the action , gunfire and explotions are unbelieveable . Mi wife thinks videogames are silly until she saw the level of realism and beauty this game has ... This game surpases the graphics bar that no other game had touched since Far Cry ... Ca n't wait to play Far Cry2 !!!! In my opinion Crytek and Valve are at the top of First Person Shooters , leaving my old favorite company ID creators of DOOM far behind ... CONGRATULATIONS !!!!
 UPDTAE
 I am the type of gamer that waits a while after things come out so the crinkles get ironed out.I got Crysis on Thursday and ca n't remember the last time I played a game with such crystal clear graphics.The physics engine is amazing ! You can shoot trees , barrels , everything . They act like they really were shot.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a first person shooter and has some free time : - -RRB-
 I played this game on my PC and there are NO problems or glitches at all . The patches that they put out really help and the graphics are intense and amazing . I reccomend this shooter to anyone who enjoys intense , suspensful , and heart-pumping action ! -LRB- Make sure you are 17 + unless you have a parent 's permission ! -RRB-
 I 've never been one for multiplayer games , in a world full of competition , the last thing I want to do is come home at the end of the day to compete against more people.The single player genre has been lacking of late , apart from a few gems -LRB- COD4 -RRB- . With a market dominated with online oriented games , crysis offered something that is becoming rarer and rarer - a refreshing character driven progressive story that is n't just tacked on to teach the player how to handle the multiplayer.Crysis 's storyline is thrilling and the hardships and events Nomad experiences as you move through the game keep you glued to your monitor . The AI is spot on and the NK troops genuinly seem to freak out when you fade back into the jungle after picking off a couple of there squad mates.a definite must for those whose computers can handle the load
 I must have played this game all the way through at least eight times thus far , and IMO , it is one of the best games ever i have played , and i got tons of games including all the latest out today.What strikes me as odd is all the naysayers who complain that the game has flaws . or they can not run the game with thier highest end machines well enough . My rig has a AM2 5600 CPU , 2GB Crutial DR800 ram and only a 7600GT video card . Thats right . . , and play it on medium settings with only a couple at lower settings , and it plays at pretty high framerates , in 90 percent of the game . I have no glitches of note , or at least not enough to bother compaining about . The game is the most gorgeous game i 've played to date . COD 4 is good but diff . type graphics for those who want to compare this or that.What I want ot tell those who have Nvidia graphics cards is , go into 3D settings and tweak the panel listings some and see if that helps . It sure did for me . Also , replay the game a few times and then make your assessments . each time for me it plays better and better , and seems to look sweeter to me . DO NOT apply any of the patches out . They are junk .
 This game from the get go was off the chain ! I recently custom built a PC , and this game sure put it 's graphical capabilities to the test ! The game ran really smooth , and never once had an issue with it . The game is compatible with Windows Vista-64bit in case any of you were curious . The visual effects were stunningly beautiful , every detail was almost beyond realism . I would highly recommend this game to any fan of FPS . The storyline was fairly decent , just a little different from your typical alien shooter -LRB- 1/2 of the game you deal with the Koreans , the other 1/2 of the game you deal with the alien encounter -RRB- . Definitely leaves the ending open to a sequel , and we shall see it if the sales of this one are good . The game controls are fairly easy to use and can be learned to navigate through within the first 30min -LRB- The tutorial HUD as you progress in the beginning is easy to keep up with -RRB- . I put probably a little over 25 + hrs on normal mode , after considering all the deaths . Hurry up , there 's a Crysis that awaits your assistance !
 This game is the long awaited follow up to ` Farcry ' -LRB- one of the best FPSs of 2004 -RRB- . We now finally get a look at this newest offering.Here are some of the things that I 've liked in the single player mode ... 1 . -RRB- This is a FPS in which your nano armor gives you special ` skills '' ; these ` skills ' include enhanced speed , strength , armor and invisibility ; and you 'll need them all to survive .2 . -RRB- Graphics that are smooth and flowing ... plus excellent audio ; both add a spooky , creepy ambiance to this jungle based horror game .3 . -RRB- The ability to use and control vehicles -LRB- on land , at sea and in the air -RRB- , as well as the mounted weapons on these units .4 . -RRB- Generally good -LRB- but not great -RRB- enemy AI ! Although some will just stand out in the open , there are some that will sneak up on you or hide behind cover ; also they must reload empty weapons . Due to their larger numbers and the fact they 're usually spread out , will necessitate your using your special ` skills ' and the surrounding environment to defeat them . This is the basic , reoccurring challenge for this game .5 . -RRB- Easy , anytime save/loads with F5/F9 respectively , as well as game generated checkpoint saves .6 . -RRB- If your taking a beating -LRB- or find it too easy -RRB- , you can change the degree of game difficulty anytime , as you play ; you do n't have to start a new game . This is a nice feature!Cons :1 . -RRB- I 've had a couple freeze ups , requiring reboot ; also some minor video fragmentation -LRB- after extended periods of play -RRB- .2 . -RRB- I found the controls on flying the VTOL -LRB- vertical take-off & landing -RRB- craft were difficult to operate -LRB- the plane just did n't seem to respond to commands quickly -RRB- with the result of frequent crashes .3 . -RRB- There was one extended section where you were floating -LRB- in either space or water -RRB- , that I found confusing , tedious and boring . I was lucky it was very linear , or I might never have gotten out of there .4 . -RRB- A high end system is preferable . Although playable on XP , Vista can use Dx10 , and combined with good hardware and a high end video card , it does make a difference in being able to run a lot of the ` extra ' graphic details.Conclusion : All the pre-release hype made it sound as if this game would easily qualify for Game of the Year honors ; I do n't think so . Graphically it is beautiful and it is a good game , but it 's not a great game ! If you liked ` Farcry ' then you 'll probably like ` Crysis ' . Was it worth the wait ... probably , but somehow I was expecting something more . Over all , I liked ` Farcry ' and its gameplay a little more . However , still worth a 41/2 -5 Star rating .
 System
 I love this game , and mostly I agree with the high rating that the game has received . The other reviews have pretty much touched on all of the things I love about it and normally I would n't think of chiming in just to pile on more of the same , but I feel there are a few points that were missed ... points that I think others should know before buying this game.I have a dual boot computer that runs both Windows XP and Windows Vista Home Premium . -LRB- 2 SLI linked Nvidia 8800 Ultras , 4GBs of RAM and an AMD Athlon 64 FX-62 -RRB- I have run the game on both OS 's and have found that , all things being equal -- using the exact same settings on the same computer with only the OS being different -- that the game runs significantly better on XP . I 've tried this comparison with quite a few recent titles -- titles that run both DX 9 and DX 10 -- and Crysis shows , by far , the biggest slow down when switching between the two OS 's . -LRB- I 've checked around and it seems that I 'm not alone in this discovery -RRB- This seems a shame . I kind of expect some problems with Vista -- that 's the reason I kept XP on my system ... But I guess I 'm willing to cut Crysis a little slack because it IS such an ambitious game.But then there 's another bit of hanky-panky that is n't so forgivable
 FAR CRY was one of the best FPS games ever sold . It created such a following that can only be compared to that of UNREAL and the original HALF-LIFE . CRYTEK , the developer of both FAR CRY and CRYSIS , clearly did not rest on its laurels . CRYSIS is an * EVEN BETTER GAME * in many aspects.And toping FAR CRY is NOT an easy task ... Graphically the game is GORGEOUS ! -LRB- Both DX10 and DX9 compatible -RRB- . Moving in the jungle is just unbelievable
 Crysis has gotten plenty of lukewarm reviews on Amazon , and while I 'm not ignoring the game 's flaws , I think many of them are undeserved . First of all , Crysis has incredible graphics , probably the best so far of any game , and you therefore need a powerful computer to run the game . But this is relatively common knowledge , so do n't buy the game if you do n't meet the requirements . I can understand the frustration of not being to play Crysis even with a fairly powerful rig , but there are other games out there , so do n't blame Crytek . If you do have a capable machine , however , then Crysis is a surprisingly good game.To begin with , in my experience Crysis is very stable . I did not have a single crash . This is impressive , given the strain the game puts on your computer -LRB- particulary the RAM -RRB- . The graphics will tax your system , as I 've mentioned , but they are absolutely worth it . I found myself just wandering around looking at the rocks and water in the beginning . I have played pretty much every recent shooter , and I can tell you that they do n't hold a candle to Crysis . Whoever said Half-Life 2 has comparable graphics has n't played this game . I should mention that I care a lot about graphics . If you are more interested in a complex story or innovative gameplay , then Crysis may not be for you.The gameplay of Crysis is not as bad as some people here would have you think . Since it was made by the same team who developed Far Cry -LRB- in my opinion the second best shooter ever behind Half-Life -RRB- , the two games have a lot in common . The HUDs are similar , the radar is basically identical , the AI uses common tactics , you 're in a jungle etc. . Far Cry is a little more sophisticated and polished in terms of the diversity of play , but Crysis has its moments . Crysis is slightly more linear , but also offers more vehicles and more interactive environments . In addition , your character has a suit that enables him to increase speed , strength , armor - or make himself temporarily invisible . While these are not all quite as useful as they could be , they do allow for a variety of approaches . `` Maximum strength '' is especially fun as it allows you to jump insanely high and throw enemies to their death . There is good weapon variety , especially since all of the weapons are customizable.I will acknowledge that the game is not perfect . But I also feel that it is being compared unfairly . Crysis and Far Cry do n't pretend to compete with the Half-Life series in terms of immersion and story , yet these games are compared frequently . If you like beautiful , expansive , open-ended environments and lots of freedom , then play Crysis or Far Cry . If you like a more linear , more RPG type FPS , then play Half-Life . I will say that Crysis is hindered by its absurd plot , as the alien component is not polished or enjoyable enough -LRB- as reviewers have mentioned -RRB- . But this is not a major flaw , and certainly should not prevent anyone from buying the game . The cutscenes and objectives are still good , and it 's not like you 're expecting another Deus Ex when you buy Crysis.Crysis is fun . There is no denying that . You get to use all kinds of vehicles - including a mission where you have to fly a helicopter full of marines while battling aliens ! The final bosses are challenging ; think shooting Halo 's vents while battling flood combined with Doom 3 's enormous bosses . Also , this game is not short by any means . There are a lot of diverse levels - even more diverse than Far Cry , because other US soldiers drift in and out of the missions . Vehicles are well-integrated into the levels , and there is always plenty going on . There are mountainous levels , beach/water levels , jungle levels , ship levels , largely indoor levels , a wintery level , and even a level inside an alien ship -LRB- which I liked , even though some people did n't -RRB- . There are objectives and missions -LRB- even at the end when you are fighting the final bosses , it tells you to destroy them - duh ! -RRB- , but you always have the freedom of how you want to approach them , and generally you get a lot of space with which to work . There is a lot of variety in weapons , which , combined with your nano-suit , allow you maximum use of your environment at nearly every stage . Crysis does a good job of mixing realistic firefights with fun , futuristic warfare . It is an extremely enjoyable game.As you 've probably gathered , I 'm mostly writing this review in response to others because I do n't want potential buyers to be misinformed . I want to reiterate that you should only buy Crysis if you know what you are getting into . It is not a game for everybody . But , if you have a high-end computer , and enjoyed Far Cry , then I highly recommend Crysis . It is a well made game that is beautiful and fun . Sure , the developers made a mistake by making its optimal setting only accessible to graphics cards that had n't come out yet , but honestly this game looks better than any other on medium , and there are cards now that can run it on very high .
 I tried out the demo for this game , as well as Call of Duty 4 and ended up spending my money on this one . Why ? I think it 's got way more to offer for the single player experience.First , a little background . I like realistic , traditional shoot 'em up games . And the more realistic they are , the better I like them . Prior to this I had been playing lots of Call of Duty 2 and Battlefield 2 , all single player mode . I liked these games because they 're based on real guns that have imperfections . Guns have limited accuracy , you have to aim down the sights for precision , you have limited ammo , the bullets take time to travel and thus you have to compensate , etc.Both Crysis and COD4 continue this , but what drew me to Crysis over COD4 is that you can play with tactics . The entire Call of Duty series is based on moving forward , with infinite amounts of enemies replacing the old ones until you move forward . Crysis allows far more sneaking around and taking out your enemies with skill . For me it 's thrilling to use stealth and planning to eliminate an enemy crew without risking my own neck , rather than just running in guns ablaze . And when I mess up , they call for backup , but it 's not the infinite number of reinforcements like in COD4 . There 's clearly a finite number of enemies per stage , and I get to decide how to deal with them.Compare this to basically every other shooter today , where you it 's basically run and gun the whole time , and Crysis offers a whole new level of game play . It really feels like I 'm on an island where the enemies around me are a real threat , whereas with other games where everything feels fake , the enemy is brain-dead , and I 'm just running around shooting at everything that moves . Besides , I do n't think I 'm good enough for the running and gunning stuff in this game - I tried that the first few times and just kept getting killed . In this regard , Crysis is the most realistic and close to real-life shooter that I 've played.Now the bad part . About 3/4 of the way through , it starts getting really tedious . For me it started with the mission where you 're in a tank . The controls for these vehicles are totally unrefined . It 's about as bad as the tank missions in Call of Duty 2 , except the enemies are stronger and will kill you much faster . Compare this to Battlefield 2 , where the tank/helicopter controls are spot on , and Crysis feels totally fake . If BF2 feels like driving a real car , then Crysis vehicles feel like those driving arcade games from the 90 's
 Ok , let 's start with what you should have , minimum , to run this game . At least 2 gb RAM but 4 is MUCH better , a new 8800 GT or better video card -LRB- and the ones with at least 512 mb -RRB- and at least a 2.4 6600 dual core chip on board . Whew ! Do n't have that ? Then wait until you do or you will miss out on the spectacular graphics and detail as you shoot away . This is one busy game , a lot going on and sometimes confusing controls if you are used to other FPSs . Once you get used to it , and you will , it is a cool blend of action and story . The vehicles are great , and you can interact with almost anything . And the AI is VERY good and makes the game VERY tough . An excellent game as long as you have the hardware .
 Optimized for Consoles so even low quality settings look gorgeous . The story is weak and a little too complicated for its own good , but otherwise it is a fantastic tactical shooter .
 Pros : Crytek did a pretty good job with the game visually and gameplay wise . They tried to push as much as they can given on a console.Cons : Crysis warhead when you shoot the trunk of the trees it actally does damage and it falls , or when you shoot a rocket between the tree branch you can see the leaves move from the shock wave .
 so i was told that this game needed a pc of high specs to play and i really wanted this game and it did not disappoint ! this game was great on my laptop and it put the graphics on high by itself ! great gameplay and the online although is n't the best it 's still fun as all get out ... loved the game and definitely gon na save up for the second one !
 no hitch download for windows 7 64bit except i needed to play with direct x 9 -LRB- not 10 -RRB- or game would freeze up when trying to change things in the options menu ie setting custom keys . i right clicked game in START MENU and chose play with direct x 9 and it worked like a charm . saw others were having this same problem online and tried patches ect ... in fact not sure if you need to install the patch before this solution will work or not , im not about to uninstall the patch to find out .
 Overall a pretty good game . Did n't like the waitless section as ittends to cause vertigo !
 obviously with graphics this beautiful there is going to be high system specs required . playing on a gaming pc no shooter compares except call of duty 4 . it is a great game with great graphics . pretty much this game is perfect . there are however sdome issues . it took awhile patching it and stuff to get around cursor issues and game crashes . but a game this sweet deserves the time . this is a worthy game to spend your time on . go kill those commy north koreans , you wont regret it .
 I have a 8600gt video card , 3gb ram , and Core 2 Duo Processor . When I first adjusted the in-game video settings , Crysis looked like utter junk . I had everything at `` high '' -LRB- except post processing at `` medium '' -RRB- with 1024x768 resolution with no AA/anti-aliasing . The game looked pretty bad , and I was very upset . To make it short , I downloaded a graphics tweak for a mid-range system and everything looks great . With the tweak I use , foliage occasionally pops up , but the textures are very nice . Crysis is definitely the best-looking game I 've played . However , Crysis requires a tweak to get suitable graphics and performance.Gameplay 4/5
 Crysis is a mystery that is slowly reviled in the genre of science fiction . I spent more than half the game wondering why am I fighting this war ? It 's better not to ask so many questions at once and focus on the missions leading up to the revile .
 I finally decided to give Crysis a go . Being that I do n't have the greatest video card , I had to play mostly at medium settings to achieve decent frame rates . But even so , the game was still visually excellent . Game play is somewhat challenging at normal difficulty level the first time thru . Playing it again , I recommend raising the level to keep it challenging . The game is actually kind of short , but it was definitely worth the price . I 'm looking foward to soon upgrading from my 1950PRO card and seeing the game at a higher video quality .
 I love the fact that you have free range of the game and that you use almost any item to your advantage . I ca n`t wait for Crysis II .
 excelente juego/excelent gametiene unas graficas muy buenas , lo unico q si quieres jugarlo a una buena resolucion de video tienes q tener una tarjeta superior a la 8800 gts de memoria ram unos 3 gigas , BUEN JUEGO
 First of all , if you do not have the minimum reqirements to run this game , do n't bother getting it . It wo n't run . This is not a cattle gate type like Call of Duty . It give you a wide range to move about in . The varity of weapons is awesome . It allows the shooter to pick up and throw objects to distract the enemy . Moving things around is like an easter egg hung in search of health and ammo . The shield and stealth mode is a valuable asset to the game . I heard that there is an extension to this game coming out in september 2008 . I wo n't be trading this one in no time soon . In fact I like this game so much that I just may shelve it to play again in the future . This is one fantastic game that I bought Far Cry to play . Simular type , but I ca n't throw things around like in Crysis .
 this game has the best graphics as of yet and is extremely fun , but also very buggy , I ca n't even beat the end boss because my rocket wo n't lock onto him like it should -LRB- it 's an essential part of the story -RRB- so I ca n't beat the game .
 ok , so i ended up buying this game for my old pc -LRB- built in 2004 , so it 's kinda out dated -RRB- and i could barley play the game on low , so i kept going over to my friends house to play this game , and i loved it so much that i built a $ 2,000 computer mainly to play this game and counter strike -LRB- i play tournaments on CS 1.6 -RRB- ! ... haha well those 2 games and a lot of other stuff ... new pc specs
 This could be the best PC game ever ! I only have the 8800GT video card , so I ca n't tell what it be look like if the game was using a 9800 series card . But it is lot of fun .
 so you cant play it on your multimonitor setup . big deal ! does that mean it 's a lousy game ? NO ! Demo is great , and so should be the Finished version .
 Let me first start by saying all you frackin ' cry babies complaining because your system ca n't handle it need to shut the frack up and back away from the vehicle . This game is awesome , and the fact that it will be graphically scalable for the next few generations of Graphics is a GOOD THING , similar to FarCry and how it was at it 's release time with the 5900Ultra . If your system ca n't handle it on settings that 're good , it REALLY DOES NOT LOOK THAT BAD ON LOW FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!I am not going to spoil the game but I will say it is HIGHLY recommended by me . The gameplay is not only graphically gorgeous , if set correctly , it is perfectly playable on any system . I have tested it with a single 8800Ultra , dual 8800Ultras , an HD2900XT and dual 7800GTXs , and was able to find very playable settings on all four setups . I will list my full system specs at the end of the review.From the start it is very brilliant in terms of plot , gameplay and graphics . I myself prefer the hardest difficulty , cuz being able to understand the Koreans talking actually makes it less fun in my opinion , because you can hear them yelling grenade ... what 's the fun in knowing a grenade 's coming ? LOLThe suit modes and weapons modifications are also VERY cool , I myself modified the suit modes file to allow more flexible gameplay . I love how mod-able the game is , I even set it up so that I 'm running the DX9 version of Very High Settings on some of my settings.Overall I give this game a full 5 stars as I have played through it at least 6 times now and it has not lost it 's fun . Here are the settings I use , and my system specs : Resolution
 of the fundamental difference between PC and console games/gaming . At least it used to be but now most PC games seem to be not much , if any better than the junk they shovel out for consoles.I had this a while back and had forgotten how good it was barring a few cheap shots by the developers . It downloaded fine and works fine on my Windows 7 64bit . Not sure why so many people are having problems with that but it starts and plays just fine for me . One thing I did notice and have read about in the forums before is that for some reason the fan on my graphics card does n't turn up when it starts getting hot . Not sure why this is and I 'm not alone with it either but turning it up manually before starting the game works okay.I actually like the alien twist to the story that shows up later . Do n't mind the swarms too much either which is something that usually turns me completely off of any video game that uses them . I think it 's an extremely cheap and overused method of adding content to a video game . I 'll tell you one thing I absolutely hate in this game and that 's the VTOL aircraft . The very first time you ever fly this thing you 're immediately faced with a swarm of alien ships that you have to shoot down ... as they are shooting at you . To me , this is pure stupidity but it 's about the only significant shortcoming , in my opinion , that the game has.There are some bugs but not many . Probably the worst is the occasional failure to load the next objective pointer or acknowledge on the list that you have completed the last one . It 'll give you the objective and it 's location on the map -LRB- usually -RRB- but no directional indicator and it wo n't fade out the objective you 've just completed , making you think there is something left to do . Kinda confusing to explain it and it does n't happen often , usually only after you 've rescued the first hostage early in the game and then it 'll quit . If it happens to you , you 'll see what I mean but just ignore it and head sort of east southeast to a waterfall and continue on with the game . Once you reach the next objective area it 'll go ahead and fix itself.So , the game is very good and eventhough it 's a few years old now the graphics quality is probably the best available in any PC game to date and the overall quality - voice acting , physics , AI , etc. is all top shelf programming . You 're going to need a fairly good system to run it though . You definitely do n't need a custom gaming rig -LRB- have n't seen a game yet that made owning one worth the cost -RRB- but you can forget using a low end card and weak processor for anything but the worst , probably unplayable performance.Just do n't forget about that GPU fan issue .
 This game is finally playable in maxed out mode with my current high end hardware . My pc is full gaming rig and runs it well . I remember when it came out , It would not play well at all on my cool gaming rig of the time . Now it does , years later and it is awsome . Not some stupid console port ! A real computer game for real computer gamers . Now I already know what all the console fan bois are going to say , so dont waste our time on this PC review . Most real pc gamers dont even care what console gamers think , period . It simply is not comparable . THis game has great action , great weapons , fun driving and swimming . I really cheered when I shot my first heli down . It is cheap too ! I am running gtx 470 video , i7 socket 1366 on x58 with triple channel ddr3 and all ssd system . It rocks and looks fantastic . Cheers !
 This game is one of the greatest looking and technically proficient games on the market even for today 's standards , for as long as your computer can handle it . For the price of the download , this is a must buy for all those who appreciate a well constructed modern/sci-fi first person shooter . The single player alone is worth the price , and with solid multi-player , this game puts all other action games to shame .
 I had my eye on Crysis when it was first released in 2007 . Unfortunately after downloading the demo , I found out that my computer at the time was not able to run the game at a decent resolution and frame rate.Fast forward 3 years & a new computer later and I finally got to experience Crysis . I use the word `` experience '' because that is what the game was for me . The game is immersive due to its graphics , physics , level layout , and gameplay.The graphics in Crysis are excellent and at times jaw-dropping . This is very impressive especially for a 3 year old game . I wish other PC games I really like such as Fallout 3 , Oblivion , etc. looked like this . Note
 Fun game , lot of features and ways to interact with the environment.However , it is from EA and with that comes bugs . First , there are 3 patches for the game that need to be applied . Next , the final level you may have to tinker with as your system may lock up -LRB- custom built PC , I had to use the DirectX 9 Switch while launching the shortcut -RRB- . Lastly , EA has some problem across all games with falling through levels -LRB- say , on a ship -RRB- .
 - The multiplayer interface is what I bought this game for - Multiple weapons to choose from - Fairly easy to get into game servers - Voice communication over a headset was pretty good-Graphics were considered the best ever made when this came out , but I did n't find them to be top notch any longer - Overall for the Amazon download price -LRB- which is MUCH MUCH cheaper than a retail store -RRB- its a pretty good game .
 I bought Crysis as an XMAS gift to myself after reading the reviews . This is the second game in a row that I 've had installation issues with . It took me a couple of hours to figure it out but , for the benefit of others who have this issue-here is the solution.My computer would not install Crysis . Kept getting ` vcredist ' not found error . If this happens , go to Microsft downloads and download the Eindows clean-up utility . Run that and remove the C++ redistributale program that is in the programs list shown by the clean-up tool . Then return to Microsoft and get the 2008 C++ Redistributable file , install it and then Crysis will install for you.I was a big Far Cry fan and the games start out in similar fashion . I have A Core Duo II 3600 , 2 GB of DDR Ram and a 8900 GTS card . The game runs well.The interface is more complicated than Far Cry because there are more options available . The high-tech nano-suit has built in features that require some learning . The graphics , thus far , are great.The game has been generally well-reviewed . If it approaches Far Cry , I will be happy .
 Well , to start off , I should n't have purchased Crysis yet . My system is okay , I have a Duo Core processor and a Nvidia 7800gtx so I have to run the game on low settings . I feel like I 'm ruining a great game running it on my current set-up . I recommend waiting for the 9000 series GPU to come out in a couple months , because even with the high end 8800 ultras , you ca n't get the very high settings . The gameplay is awesome , the combat is action packed and the powers are fun to use ! I highly recommend this game if your computer has the stones for it . If not , wait until you upgrade .
 The average game developer in today 's world appears to believe that the majority of players are confused children . The general attitude they show is that of a well-meaning teacher desperate to increase grades in his class . Today 's gaming world is full of the equivalent of test answers practically shoved in our faces and rewards doled out like so many lollipops with garish `` Good for you ! '' notes tied on with ribbon . It 's rare that a game nowadays is courageous enough to take off the training wheels and let us forge our own path . While STALKER was a rare game that did this , it was n't quite the intense and explosive game the Half-Life and Bioshock players were looking for.Enter Crysis . While developer Crytek may have seemed to only want to push graphical benchmarks , they also made a truly great game , one that is not afraid to take chances and place everything in the player 's hands . With weapon customization to rival any big-name shooter on the market , a set of devastating gameplay mechanics in the form of the Nanosuit , and expansive environments , this is a shooter sandbox . In other words , an FPS that knows to step back and let you play with your things.Before you start playing , you will want to check to see that your PC is up to snuff . Despite being released 5 years ago , Crysis is still an unwieldy beast of a game in terms of system requirements . I have an AMD Phenom II 6-core processor and an ATI Radeon HD 6870 , and this game still managed to knock me down to 10 or so frames per second in spots . If anything , the hackneyed catchphrase `` Can it run Crysis ? '' still has legitimacy to it.When you find the setting you like and begin the game , you 're immediately dropped into the action . Quite literally , actually , as your Nanosuit-equipped squad plummets out of your aircraft to the island below . You 're quickly introduced to the Nanosuit 's functions by a quick and organic tutorial level , which shows you the four modes available to you
 For the year this game came out it is a well made game and when running it to it 's full potential the graphics are amazing . The game play is good too and for the price I paid for it I was an extreme bargain .
 This is a great game with hair-raising graphics and a very solid story line if you want to do nothing but get epic weapons and take out some epic enemies , this is your game !!!
 The game itself is truely amazing ! The entire Island is your playground . The graphics by far are the best I 've seen yet ! But to fully enjoy this game at its fulliest you really do need a gaming rig . I have a ... Vista 64bit12Gb of RamIntel Core i7 920 @ 2.67 GhzAti 's new 4870x2 2Gb of GDDR3 Ram
 As the title says , the graphics for this game are quite beautiful . The lighting , shadows , and the textures look fantastic . Obviously this is dependent on how powerful of a computer you have . I have read that this games is pretty demanding as far as the PC version is concerned . I was able to run the game on ultra , everything fully maxed with no less that 60fps . The story was actually pretty good , it was unique in some areas which to be honest , can be difficult to find in games . The gameplay was fun too , its a little bit different from many first person shooters because the game is focused primarily on stealth . You cant just run through your opponents blowing them away , you have to be cautious and stealthy for 90 % of the game which is fun but can be tedious at times . I did n't run into hardly any problems . One that did give me a hard time was a helicopter that you HAVE to shoot down to continue on . It is a pretty common glitch on a mission after you blow up a battleship . The stupid helicopter just flies around way up where you can barely see it , literally in the stratosphere of the game . So if anyone runs into this , you can just shoot it down with a rocket launcher , its a little bit difficult but was a better option in my opinion than restarting that entire mission . That did n't ruin the game or anything , just a minor glitch . Overall I loved the game!My Computer : NZXT Guardian 921 Case -LRB- 4 fans -RRB- asus p8z68v-pro/gen3 motherboardintel i7 2600k CPUcorsair vengeance 8GB ram 1600mhzSeagate barracuda 2TB 7200 rpm hddCooler master CPU coolerCooler master silent pro gold 1200W power supplydual EVGA GTX 570 sliAsus cd/dvd rw disk drive
 About 6 month 's ago , I got back into playing PC games . After playing Far Cry -LRB- another fantastic game -RRB- , I figured the next logical step for me was Crysis . Not only did I find this game to be the king of FPS 's , it supplanted both Duke Nukem 3D and Far Cry as my all-time favorite . Since my wife used to play DN-3D with me , I showed her some of the gameplay , and how great it looked . Costly mistake ! How can I play Crysis , and let HER play Crysis at the same time?I had to upgrade her PC so it would support the game -LRB- motherboard/cpu/memory / keyboard/gaming mouse -RRB- , and consider myself lucky I had a spare video card and power supply.About 95 % of what I would say is great about Crysis , has already been said . The ONLY negative I found -LRB- and it 's a bad one for my wife and I -RRB- , is there is no CO-OP . Note
 Game was deliver on time this time around there was 2 games crysis warhead and I enjoyed both but I having problems installing crysis 2
 The single player mode of this game is one of the best I 've ever played . The graphics are stunning , but you must have a high-end system to play it , no exceptions . That 's the only reason why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . I can played it maxed-out -LRB- all fans screaming , LOL -RRB- , and it is exceptionally good . You do not have to follow an invisible tunnel to accomplish missions -- you can go almost anywhere , anyway you desire , which makes playing this game again so much fun!The Crytec game engine is amazing , and just keeps getting better . Crysis 2 , IMHO , is the best SP FPS ever made ...
 I am a big fan of crysis 1 . So after reading bad reviews about this game and how it was dumbed down . I stayed away from it until it was 5 bucks one day . Well , This game is really good . The story and the action are constant . It does get a little boring here and there as you shoot your way thru the same enemy , but what shooter game does n't . The graphics are that of dvd movie quality . I used a mod called `` MalDoHD '' which is the best one out there as of this writing . It added to the already excellent graphics . The Red dragon -LRB- something dragon -RRB- mod just messes up contrast and makes it look horrible . You do have to have a beefy computer if you want to max out the graphics . The gameplay is great . the action is at a faster pace than part 1 . though i would not mind a crysis 3 with the same gameplay as one with realistic graphics . There is a little bit more of a weapon option than in the 1st part . as you go along , the shotgun does less damage to the , i guess , stronger aliens . My big gripe is that supposedly the nano suit is an new and improved from the old one . They LIE . It 's a piece . wish the could have kept the old suit . You do have to collect points to unlock suit features , which there are only 3 good ones . over all , it wo n't disappoint .
 Great game ! Graphics look amazing even on mid-line graphics cards . I 'm only running a 512 MB ATI 4800 card and had heard that this game was extremely demanding of a video card . However , while the game recommends I use the `` medium '' settings I have them on `` high '' without any noticeable FPS -LRB- Frames Per Second -RRB- losses and smooth performance.My system : Windows 7 64 bitAMD 64 X2 3.0 GHz4GB RAM1 .5 TB hard drive512 MB ATI HD 4800 Video card
 This game , is just put amazing , I saw it on sale on amazon , and I bought it since I had Crysis 2 from amazon as well . So , I go to buy it , the purchase process went smoothly , as I was expecting . Then I downloaded the game , and I had no problems as well -LRB- other people were reporting download problems -RRB- . When it was done downloading after I went to bed and woke up the next day , I started to play , and I was just blown away on how the game had better graphics than Crysis 2 has . This will be a game that I will be playing for a long time , and should certainly belong in every FPS fan 's library.I recommend this product to anyone who has loved FPS games in the past or is just getting into them .
 if you want a physically demanding game that is way too much fun and decently priced , i highly recommend this !
 First off , I HAVE to give props to the folks at EA and Crytek for creating one of the most visually stunning games I 've ever seen ! I played most of the game on medium strength , and I got choppy feedback at certain points because my computer was n't powerful enough to handle the graphics -LRB- Which , by the way , go all the way up to Extra High -RRB- . I would n't recommend this game unless you have a VERY powerful computer.Second , the story is simply amazing . It begins like any other first person shooter , but then goes off and does something completely original ! I 'm not going to tell you what that is , but trust me when I say , it totally takes you by surprise . The game 's sci-fi feel is totally original and feels like it was well thought-out . There were no bugs to speak of.Really , buy this game . Heck , even if you do n't have a great computer and have to play it on low the entire time -LRB- which gives you ps2-ps3 graphics ... the graphics are n't exactly `` bad '' for a low setting -RRB- it is worth it for the storyline alone.GREAT JOB Crytek , I ca n't praise you enough !
 my computer specsdual core extreme8800 gtx oc 7562 gig of system ramstriped drives for performance.just like farcry was a beast and really tested current systems at it 's release ... cyrsis does not dissapoint . I suspect it will be a benchmark tool for years to come.With my new nvidia 8800 gtx video card the game plays flawless ... at high settings . But with my two X1600 500 meg video cards installed in Crossfire mode the game was playable at medium.This game will test your computer system 's mettle ... and then some.visually the game does not dissapoint in any way.Audio is greatStory seems its weak link for me.It is an open ended begining where they unfold the plot as they go ... choice of voices for the North korean army may be offensive as they speak with a very poor american accent . It is funny at times some of the things they say but I could see how one could take offense . but who knows maybe I 'm seeing something that is n't really there.A turn off for me is that a human soldier takes 3 to 4 rounds square in the chest and still stands ... even if body armor is used they are not going to be on thier feet.AI of the soldiers seems to go hot and cold ... sometimes they stike of brilliant ... others ... not so much . Quite a few times I would find myself flanked and suprised.In the age of games hiring proffesional novilists to come up with story lines . . character development ... etc. . I expected more . Not to say that the unfolding story is bad . It just could use some more character development at the begining.overall great game ... and I 'm pretty picky : -RRB-
 This will not dissapoint fans of FPS games . -LRB- It requires a pretty stout rig to run at maximum.I have 3.5 mhz intell . proc . two 8800 evga ultras running sli and 2gb . of patriot pc 9200 and I could not run it at max . -RRB- Still , it is dazzling visually and has a decent story line.I really enjoyed it.However , I thought it would have been better if it had been longer.The trend seems to be to shorter games.I wish that would stop.The value of a good game goes way up if it takes a long time to finish .
 AMD Athlon X2 3.2 ghz Dual-core2GB RAMnVidia 8800 GTSWindows Vista Home PremiumI thought that , contrary to other reviews , that this game was magnificent . The detail that they put into it is so deep and realistic that you can easily loose yourself in it.I had no problems with glitches or anything of the sort , but I do have a pretty good system . If you have Vista , then I think the only problem you ll have is with Vista s current level of stability , nothing to do with the game.The only con that I found with this game was that to play it you had to install the Game-Comrade thing ... but that was easily overcome by creating a shortcut to the . exe file and placing that on your desktop.The zero-gravity fighting just went to show how intensely they focused on the physics of the game . When you shot , you moved backwards and your gun lifted up further than it did outside , where there is gravity.Overall , I found this game to be a very unique and very well created game . Full of intensity and thoughtful tactics . I would highly recommend this game to any serious gamer ; however , I think that it would be too intense for a casual gamer .
 I have an old computer with a 2.01 GHz CPU , 1GB of RAM , and a Geforce 7600 GS , twin 80GB hard drives . And ran in 800x600 . And on the lowest settings , the game looks and acts beautifully.Sure there 's no shadows or light beams , but the Singleplayer Demo has convinced me it 's good enough for the full version.There was a few times it froze in places . But it never locked up on me.I recommend this to any FPS fan out there . To give this game a chance , even if their computer is not as good as these top of the line ones .
 I have read so many reviews , Most of the people that have the bad reviews should be shot , just because you do n't have the money to invest into a computer does n't mean you have to give this a bad rating . I have never played Farcry in my life . As I currently attending SCAD for Animation , I needed I decent computer intel duo core 6600 4 gigs of ram 660 watt power supply , 2900 pro and Fire Gl v7300 -LRB- fire gl card rendering card not graphics -RRB- I am playing Crysis on high detail , going to sell my 4 gigs and get 8 gigs on then vista to play on directx 10 . People should Also Buy SMART go to Newegg . The amount of time the team put in this was 4 years . So do n't even complain enjoy the so to be masterpiece . The AI was incredible , graphics are amazing I definately was impressed all throughout
 Ok , so there 's a lot of hype about this game on the net . It 's all true ! Crysis is amazing ! The detail is out of this world . I just finished it and must say , the ending is a little less than climactic . Crytek is making it as part of a trilogy series , so there is more goodness to come from Crytek . If you have n't looked into it already , it 's a pretty hefty game . You 'll need a very modern , very fast system to handle it well . I have an Athlon X2 5600 + , 2GB DDR2 800 , and ATI 's Radeon 2900XT 512MB Video card , and I have to set the game to medium spec with no AA in order to play without much lag . Sometimes even at those settings it jitters a little . I do have a large screen and like to set my resolution high , so that makes a difference too , though . Any other game , this system will eat it for lunch , so I was a little dissapointed at the performance , but that 's what you get with a game as intense as this one.If your system can hack it , Crysis is a definate buy ! Probably the best PC game I 've played yet . -LRB- And that 's a pretty good portfolio . -RRB-
 If u like first person shooters or wan na like it , you have to try this game as you ca n't go wrong with it ! The only bad thing about it is its requirements ! i personally had to do full system upgrade to what i used to call a monster gaming machine that turns to be a puppy prior the ultimate upgrade !
 Its hard to add anything more to what other positive reviews have already said . If you have the right box , it really blows you away . It does have a similar feel to Farcry , but the suit makes the game feel fresh and new . If you can run it well , you 'd be a fool to skip it . Even on the hard setting , I wish it was a bit more difficult at times , but thats minor . If you do n't use quicksave and only rely on the auto saves , that certainly can up the ante forcing you to really be careful to progress.Fantastic game . Its hard to say if I enjoyed it more the COD4 or Gear of War , the other big holiday releases . All 3 of them are just great . Buy em all = -RRB-
 After having played this game for a couple of weeks , I am very happy with it . After finishing the game , going back and playing some levels is a lot of fun . The graphics are breath-taking , as is the realism of physical objects.The game is very demanding on the system . I have a nVidia 680i MB , Q6600 CPU , 2 Gigs of RAM , and an eVGA 8800 GTX card . I run the system slightly overclocked -LRB- no extra cooling -RRB- . The FSB runs at 299 -LRB- instead of stock 267 -RRB- using nTune . I also OC the graphics card
 Crysis is an obvious successor to Far Cry once you see the initial game play . However , the nano suite , amazing graphics , destructible environments , zero G , and ice world are quite unique . Overall , I found the game to be really fun . I did upgrade my video card -LRB- WinXP -RRB-
 This game plays on very high detail on newer systems but still has some frame rate issues if you want all the bells and whistles . If you have an older system wait till you upgrade to enjoy it the way its meant to be enjoyed . The gameplay itself is a fun but nothing revolutionary here .
 Definitely not the best game but really close . Beautiful graphics , good story and lots of killing . My only problem with it was I could never get out of Low graphic settings . I run Dual 8500GT OC , 2.4 Ghz Quad core and 4 gigs of memory and still could n't run in medium settings without some bad slow down . Other than that , if you like FPS games and you have n't played it yet ... you better .
 lotta fun . rambo time on the n. koreans and the aliens they wo n't tell you about .
 Graphics : Yes is is true what is being said about the graphics . This game eats and spits back out pretty much any machine.My system Quick Specs : OS - XP pro x64 editionRAM - 4 GB ddr2MoBoard - EVGA 680iProcessor - 3.0 Ghz Core 2 duoVid Card - 8800 gtxSo far I can play the game perfectly fine at 1920 x 1200 with everything turned on High , although the Anti-Aliasing is Off , with absolutely no Graphical errors -LRB- Well you can see the monitor flicker every once in a while because the monitor physically can not refresh more than 60hz -RRB- . Just make sure your video card is up to date , cause if it is not , your going to get a lot of the errors some of these reviews mention . However , once you turn it on the game gets exponentially slower . It is playable to about x4 , although if you set it to x16 , the game becomes unplayable . However , I can not see much of a difference if you have the anti aliasing off or on if you have the resolution turned up really high . I know there will be obsessive people out there who will find that unacceptable though.Also an IMPORTANT NOTE
 If you have the hardware , this is hands down one of the most fun and visually stimulating games out there ... it has it all , and it does it really well . The nano-suite is a fantastic concept and it 's implemented flawlessly . While in action I can switch between modes on the fly without issue . and Same for the customizable weapons where there are like 5-10 attachments and configurations for each gun.Just look at the screen shots and you will be in awe of how lush the vegetation is and the transitions during dawn/dusk are beautiful . Here I am trying to save the world and I 'm stopping to see the light rays coming through the palm trees.This Deal is that this is the ONLY next generation game -LRB- and engine -RRB- to be released in 2007 . everything else COD4 , Bioshock , Orange Box , etc. . . are all 2005 game engines with a content refresh or they added HDR and a few other `` effects '' to an old engine . This game is truly a NEXTGEN game.I agree this is not the GAME OF THE YEAR ! Because it did not have the volume of sales , and frankly , some people who bought this game and complained , should have never purchased it to begin with because they do n't have the hardware to run it ... If you have a GeForce 8600GT or higher , preferable an 8800GTS/GTX or better & atleast a Core2 Duo 2.4 Ghz then this is the game to get.In about 1 year from now you will see sales of this game surging again as we return to the way it 's been for the past 15 years . The Hardware lags behind the software . And that 's why all the other games are LASTGEN , because they ran perfectly on CURRENT Generation Hardware !
 OK so I have just started playing this game , logging maybe 5-6 hours , but I have experienced no bug or stability issue or anything of that sort . I broke the piggy bank to upgrade my PC but I have not spent $ 2000 either , what some people say would need to put together a rig that can run this game.I run a 2.4 GHz Core 2 Quad . 4GB RAM . Vista 32 Ultimate . 8800GTX , and a 1248x1024 monitor . The game runs very smooth with everything on Very High with no AA . Some might say the `` low '' resolution of my monitor helps . When I 'm on water where there are n't too many texture maps to update , I can run with 8X AA and everything would still be smooth.Game play is great but can be annoying sometimes . For instance , you do n't have a `` always run '' mode so you always move too slow unless you keep the shift key pressed . And with all that advanced technology why ca n't the darn binoculars let me see through thin walls and shoot them like the rail gun in True Lies ???
 I found this pretty entertaining but I did n't really find anything very new about it . You will find it takes a substantial computer to even run this game , but if your computer will run it , the game is pretty good .
 Well I love this game but you need a computer from NASA to play it . The AI is very innovative on hard to delta . Anything on normal to easy is almost to easy sometimes . Back on the computer requierments . I have a 8800 GTX , 2 GIG 1066 MHz ram -LRB- Dominator -RRB- , E6600 OC ` ed to 3GHz , 1333 FSB , and a PC Power & Cooling Silencer 750 Watt . Well this is not a cheap system and I was averaging 12 to 20 FPS with all settings set to Ultra , no AA , and 1680 X 1050 resolution . So overall the game is great but the hardware to run it will kill you to buy it .
 This game is the best I have ever played . This game is to me what Half-Life 2 -LRB- HL2 -RRB- was to me 3 years ago . The physics engine of HL2 brought a grand sense of imersion that had me grinning ear to ear the whole time I played . That 's how I feel when I play Crysis . The very large destructable environments give me a sense of freedom I have never felt in a game . It 's not just the graphics , the game really inovates by allowing the player to choose his/her own path to resolution.Recent FPS games -LRB- Bioshock , Halo 3 , HL2 Episode 2 , and Portal -RRB- have been great , but I feel constrained by them , there is always one or two blocked paths that open up miracusly after you defeat the current group of enemies . With Crysis , I feel like I can play the way I want , I can play stealthy , or I can go in guns a blazing ! It 's neat that when I die , and have to repeat an area , I find myself doing totally diferent things , atacking from a different point , or sneaking by the enemies unseen . Some people probably think this makes the game too easy , but I personally LOVE the fact that I can snipe alot , you can attach the sniper scope to a regular rifle , so you do n't only have 5 bits of sniper ammo . Of course there is a dedicated sniper rifle -LRB- with little ammo -RRB- , but I prefer to use my ordinary rifle with lots of ammo :-RRB- THANKS for the CHOICE !!! I love you Crytek!There are some bugs in the game . I saw some guys run into the water and drown . I had a problem where I could n't get rid of an empty rocket launcher . So yes , there are problems , but I 'm glad to be playing the game now . If this stuff bothers you , just wait 6 months for all the bugs to be patched and for the video hardware to catch up before you buy . If it was a Valve game , it probably would have been delayed for another year . Instead , I 'm overjoyed to play it now , and I will surly be playing it later.My system : Windows XP1 GB RAMIntel Core 2 E6600 OC 'd @ 3.4 GhzATI X1900 XT 256 MbKolance water cooler w / waterblocks on CPU and GPUI run in medium/high settings with no framerate problems except the first ~ 30 seconds after loading.Update , I added 2Gb of RAM -LRB- total of 3Gb -RRB- and I can play on high settings @ 1280 x 1024 . Also , the RAM fixed that super annoying inital load problem . Now , I need to download the hack to play Ultra settings with Windows XP : -RRB- If you 're not sure how this game will run on your PC , then download the demo before you buy ! Easy-peezzy .
 I recently purchased said product and lo and behold , it does n't work with my Windows 7 Home premium 64 bit because the install was ONLY for the 32 bit . For some people it works fine in 32 bit , some people it does n't . I was one of those people that it did n't work with . WELL , through a thorough amount of research , I found a very helpful thread on a steam forum -LRB- you do n't need steam , this is just where I found it -RRB- . What you need to do is download the 64bit rar file from this link -LSB- a df . ly / B CX Lf -RSB- -LRB- except without the spaces and parenthesis , it censors the link otherwise -RRB- and IGNORE ALL OF THE NOTIFICATIONS THAT SAY YOUR DOWNLOAD IS READY , THAT IS CRAP . Wait about five seconds and look at the top right corner of the screen , it should say SKIP AD . Click that and it 'll ask if you 'd like to open or save Bin64.rar . Open with whatever program you use for rar files -LRB- I use winzip , and you can get a free trial of it by attempting to open the rar file and Windows will ask if you 'd like it to search on the internet for the appropriate software and viola -RRB- SO , after you 've done all that and extracted the files -LRB- make sure you have your 32bit copy of Crysis installed , mind you -RRB- move the Bin64 folder to the C : / / Program Files -LRB- x86 -RRB- / Electronic Arts/Crytek/Crysis directory . Then all you have to do is open the Bin64 folder and open the Crysis.exe file . There you go ! There 's not even a need to run in compatibility or Admin mode!Anyways , as for the game itself , I have played through it before and it is absolutely incredible . The gameplay is unique and fun , and the graphics are some of the best you will find -LRB- even by TODAY 'S standards ! -RRB- Now , It will take a pretty beefy graphics card to push this game at max settings on a 1080p monitor . Hence the old cliche , `` Can it run Crysis ? '' when referring to the quality of one 's computer . Even my overclocked 560ti screams playing this game . The storyline is OK-ish up until you go through The Mountain . That 's when the game becomes AMAZING.Anyways , I hope my findings have helped someone : -RRB-
 With all the hype around Crysis ' great graphics , I was expecting a mediocre FPS with stunning visuals . I was presented with much , much more.The gameplay is very malleable , which accords players the freedom to play Crysis like Splinter Cell/Hitman , or like Quake 3 . The levels are spacious enough so that the player is n't forced to confront enemies head on . You can easily sneak past enemies and subsequently pick them off , or avoid engaging them entirely.The destructible environment also contributes to the unique experience of Crysis by adding a great degree of dynamism to combat . Falling trees , exploding vehicles , collapsing houses , etc. are all tactical factors to consider while playing Crysis , and forces the player to be alert to more threats than just enemy fire . For instance there were times I thought I could find secure cover in a small house from a circling helicopter , only to be crushed by the roof after the helicopter opened fire on the house.Crysis ' story is n't anything groundbreaking , but is entertaining , and if you allow yourself to be immersed into the game -LRB- which is n't hard -RRB- I think you will find it very enjoyable . The way the story is narrated borrows strongly from Half-Life , in that it sticks with the perspective of the player.All in all , Crysis is much more than the sum of its parts . There is something inexplicably epic about this game , that is more than just having all the right features of an FPS.My system : AMD X2 4000 + @ 2.73 ghz2gb ddr2 @ 800mhzevga 8800gt 512mb ssc24 '' Dell 2007wfp-hc 1920x1200fps
 Pros :1 -RRB- The graphics -LRB- if you have a strong graphics card -RRB- are the best in gaming outside of pre-rendered cinematics . When you jump into the ocean , you see the bent beams of light on the ground and shifting before you . Looking at trees , you see the leaves move subtly in the wind . When you fire a rocket form the cover of shrubs and trees , the air-wave from the rocket causes the leaves to be knocked back before resting back in their normal positions . And the facial animations are insane . No more plastic/rubbery mask-faces , you have fully textured and moving faces . In short
 This game looks nice but is infected with SecuRom to the point it cause my DVD drive to knock badly . I did a net search and I am not alone with this issue . EA games does not care , they already got my cash.Get STALKER 1 & 2 patch them -LRB- They are buggy without the patches -RRB- and they are way better anyway .
 This may not help anyone when pertaining to the game , but i have had the same objective problem where i complete the objective and cant figure out how to make it go away and move on . Oh and then there was the tank that somehow got launched into the air when the tank attack comes at the Korean held town . Made it easy for me to kill him though since his underbelly was exposed i just shot a missile straight in there , but still weird . Tanks do n't usually fly and flip .
 The game is awesome . Got it last night and played for 6 hours straight . Various tactics make playing the same part over and over again relatively fun . If you take your silencer off your gun is 3x as powerful , so it 's not impossible to kill people . I 've found a couple of bugs but overall it 's far more polished than any other new-release game I 've bought from EA . It 's actually hard when set on hard ! It looks very good visually.CONS
 If you have a good machine with at least 2 gigs of RAM , you 're going to love this one . Graphics are spectacular and the storyline has some great twists .
 Exciting , interactive galore and runs on highest settings on my 3Ghz dual core processor with 3 GB ram and Nvidia 8800 card .
 The short version is that this is the best shooter I ever played.The longer version is that especially during the first half of the game , this provides an unprecedented experience . The graphics are great . The game play is great . There is not a frustrating moment in sight . Immersion is awesome . I never had as much of a feeling of `` being there '' . Vehicles drive great . It is an experience you want to go on and on ... Unfortunately , the whole thing gets visible worse in the later part of the game , once you get inside the alien compound . First , you have no ammo , as you go through one of the most disorienting levels I ever played . So you end up literally punching the aliens if you happen to start out the level wrong.Once you get out of there , things get chaotic and you just kinda blow your way through without much aiming . Then you get to a flying sequence that is borderline broken , the thing is so unresponsive . Aliens are flying around you , and it takes you 20 seconds to turn your ship around . Not fun . -LRB- A patch made this a little better but it is still like a low-budget , awful game mixed in for no real reason other than making the game longer perhaps -RRB- . All of a sudden , random tornadoes creep up behind you and suck you in and there is nothing you can do about it . -LRB- And it will probably take you 5 or 10 attempts before you even realize what is going on . At first you think it is just random crashes -RRB- . In the later levels , the game also tends to leave you without much guidance or even misguidance . At one point you need to walk into a chamber . Over your comm system you hear `` can your suit handle this level of radiation ? '' , which your character confidently answers `` yes it will '' . So you walk in , and - whack - you are dead . Too much radiation . What the ... ?!? Luckily , the game automatically saves often and at fair spots . In addition , you can go to the menu and save anywhere you want . I felt that that was a great system . You do n't quick-save all the time , but if you really do end up at a spot where you wish you could save yourself , you can.I should also mention that the game crashes a lot , even with patch 1.2 . I must have experienced 10 + blue-screens playing this game as well as a number of crashes to the desktop . I am not sure why , but it seems that is one characteristic that all German games share . Where is that German engineering ?!? -LRB- I can say this , because I am from Europe myself : - -RRB- This is still a great game and I had a blast . With better quality control and the game play fun staying up in the last 3rd of the game , this would have been a 5-star game no questions asked . As things stand , with the last parts of the game I remember having been bad , I am tempted to give it 3 stars , but 4 is more appropriate overall .
 Loved this game , Best graphics I 've seen in a game so far . Gameplay was intense and never got repetitive or old . Well worth the money .
 definitely the best game I 've played so far , with enough action , special effects sound good , if you have not you should buy , you will not regret it , I recommend 100 %
 I 'm usually not the kind of person that plays singleplayer campaigns , but Crysis was surely something else ; I 've never enjoyed a singleplayer in such a long time - in fact , that 's what most FPS games lack now a days , a decent singleplayer campaign . On that note , Crysis 's multiplayer was n't very good , it was very buggy and lacking in general.With that said , the graphics/visuals for Crysis pretty much blows any other PC game I 've played so far -LRB- console games ca n't even compete , let alone handle this game -RRB- . I 've never seen such clearer water in any other game than this . I do n't even have a high-end graphics card , I 'm running a XFX 5770 -LRB- overclocked @ 1365/945 stock volts -RRB- with settings all on ` Very High ' , 4x AA , and Crysis looks stunning with such a inexpensive graphic card -LRB- just imagine with something high end -RRB- . Overall , great game . Singleplayer campaign was a decent length , graphics/visuals are beyond amazing . Gameplay was pretty much like any FPS , but still very good . The sound for the game is also great , explosions , car wrecks , guns fire - all sound great . This is a must buy game for PC gamers ; people still use this game for benchmarks for a reason.NOTE
 A fun game that lets you play a special operative with a nanosuit that lets you do , well , a lot of awesome things . You 're rescuing captives from the North Koreans but it turns into something much bigger . This is primarily a FPS but it has a particularly good tale compared to most of them . It ran almost perfectly on my computer . Expect high octane action and generous use of many vehicles . About the only thing I did n't like was the VTOL controls , and , if I had paid the premium price I would have wanted a longer game . GRAPHICS
 This game is awesome . Good first person shooter action , good adventure , good story , reasonably good advancement of enemies . The only thing is that it is very taxing on your computer . If it ca n't handle it , it WILL melt overheat your graphics card . I played the game on medium graphics quality , with a fan under my computer and it still lagged . And I 'm pretty sure I did some permament damage to my graphics card . The bottom line
 I am a FPS fanatic . I have played just about every game for Windows . I love the new generation of games always looking for a unique angle -LRB- Bioshock , FEAR , etc -RRB- . Crysis is a very entertaining shooter with three stages -- each with its own personality . The gameplay is great . I love how I could drive and use just about anything . The tank level alone is worth the price -LRB- I paid $ 15 -RRB- . Graphics were outstanding . And with most games anymore , the AI was great . I would rank this game right up there with Bioshock and Far Cry as two of the best FPS games -LRB- Half-Life is still the king -RRB- . However , one issue -- I am not a big multiplayer fan -- I typically play a game 's multiplayer once or twice to check it out , then that is it . I do n't like just running around shooting -- I need a little plot and objective . I could never get the multiplayer to work . I checked online and found this to be a fairly common issue . I have Vista and have never had a problem with any game -- but the multiplayer would never launch -- I kept getting an error . Other than that issue , I highly recommend this game .
 My son had been waiting to get a new computer so he could play games like crisis and fallout 3 on the pc . We got the new computer and the game . We have not been able to install the sandbox editor program yet . Keeps stopping during install and aborting . Other than that the game is truly awesome . It 's still definately a must have game for 2009 .
 I should have spent a bit more and bought the expanded version , you get really into it then it ends . The game itself is n't that long , and I played this right after playing GTA IV , which was a let down because the texture of the GTA IV experience -LRB- open sandbox , etc -RRB- makes this game seem confinded .
 I thought this was very diferent sort of game . Very fun and worth the money .
 This game installed without a hitch and has been running with no problems at all . The graphics are amazing and the game is extremely fun to play . Some tasks were nearly impossible for me -LRB- flying the VTOL -RRB- , but I managed to get through it all the way to the end .
 The rater with 3 stars is an idiot , ignore him.Who cares about multi-monitor , get a nice 21 or 24 inch and you 're set . The dialog is pretty good , especially the part where the Koreans speak , you know , Korean -LRB- but you can set them to English if you want -RRB- . The story is a mix of a special ops kind of game and something Cthulu-inspired , I 'll leave it at that.The suit and its powers are kind of the key to the whole thing . They are sci-fi extensions of what we see now , brief bursts of strength , healing , etc. . A little fantastic , yes , but this is a GAME , you know , something where you pick up health packs and what not . Why anybody who picks up a GAME is surprised says something about their intelligence.The kills are finally difficult . I have always wondered why the hero can take a bunch of rounds , wear all kinds of armor , yet the baddies are cut down in droves . Mr. Mike Powell is just a bad shot . Pump a bunch of sub-sonic rounds into the torso of a Korean soldier wearing body armor , and yes , it 's a tough kill . On the other hand , sneak up behind one and put a couple pistol rounds in the back of their head , and that 's it . The kills are n't hard , they are realistic.The AI is very good , but not perfect . Once in a while they seem oblivious , other times they all scurry over to see what the noise is all about . They use a semblance of squad tactics . They try to flank you . And , something very rare , they may even run away if you lay waste to enough of their fellows.I have a quad-core Intel CPU , 7800 GT card , 2 gigs RAM ... and Windows Vista . It runs like a dream at the highest settings . Mr. Powell apparently failed to read that Crysis is designed for DirectX 10 and Windows Vista . Ooops for him . Trust me , with a good gamer system built in the last 6 months , you will see every leaf and branch moving and reacting , getting brushed aside by your gun barrel , getting shot or blown off , etc.CoD 4 is nice , but it 's just the same old rat maze every other CoD has had . I get tired of having to move along one path and fight endlessly spawning bad guys until I move past a checkpoint . THAT is hokey . Crysis is more like the Rainbow Six games , where there are set numbers of enemies and it 's up to you how you want to pick them off . Personally , I just like driving a truck into their camps full bore and leap out guns blazing , but you can snipe them too.So do n't be a Mike Powell - get you a top of the line Vista machine and enjoy Crysis , Bioshock , Assassin 's Creed ...
 Crytek 's success with Far Cry seems ages ago , but it seems that it will be known again with Crysis . This game is beefy , and you 'll be playing it for days on end . Here 's what I thought about the game : PROS-Excellent graphics - By far the best DX9 graphics I have ever seen in a game.Storyline - I got wrapped up in the storyline quick , considering I spent most of my time surviving the Korean 's onslaught.Physics - While I was limited to DX9 only , you can still mow down trees no prob with a well placed grenade or MG fire.Sound - Gunshot and voice echoes , grenade blasts , bullets hitting nearby plants , incredible . Voice actors are well done , not overperformed or lacking at all.CONS-Graphics - Absolutely murder 's current gen systems . Even the 8800 Ultra buckles at 1280x1024 with 2xAA on Ultra settings.Physics - You can walk over a dead body and it moves , but it does n't respond to further gunfire or melee attacks ? Even on high settings ... Performance - As stated before , only 8800 Ultra 's in SLi , a QX9650 , and 2Gb DDR3 will run this game at decent framerates anything above 1280x1024 . High res ? Forget it.Aliasing - Pretty wicked aliasing , and sadly , you ca n't use AA or else performance tanks.Overall , I love this game so far , but with a Q6600 @ 3.0 Ghz , 4Gb DDR2-800 from Crucial , P35 mobo , and an X1900 ca n't even average 30 fps with no AA , medium-high , 1280x1024 . It 's kind of disappointing that the engine had to be built like this but hey , it 's fun , you 'll love it , so buy it , but beware that you NEED a high-end system to fully enjoy the game .
 This game looks gorgeous , especially the water . While the story plot seems a bit old , -LRB- it starts out almost exactly like the movie Predator -RRB- the game play is well done.It took me well over 20 hours to get through this on easy level . I took time out to shoot trees , barrels , and buildings . Also got lost a couple times and replayed two levels . The last 1/3 of the game is n't as fun as it gets too corridor based . In fact I only played through about 2/3rd 's of the game and then started playing mods.The best part of the game might just be the fan based mods . Some of these mods are as well done as the missions that shipped with the game . Mods are available at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Two of the better mods are ICMC_Volcano and Ghadir . The Volcano mod has better sniper opportunities than any of the stock missions . While the Ghadir mod is based in a desert setting.Sound
 you definitely need to make sure you have ALL OF THE REQUIREMENTS or it is VERY SLOW !!! other than that i liked it .
 I still have n't played online , but it is an awesome single player game . Graphics are incredible ... if you have a fast system .
 Summary
 the game is complex , though it is alot of fun , but u need a good computer to run this game . I only have 2.6 GHZ core 2 duo with vista 64 bit operating system and 512mb graphics card and 4 gigs of ram , on my laptop and it runs good but i have to reduce the graphics a bit .
 I bought this game last month and I 'm still playing with downloaded customs maps , I played it at high settings and it looks great , the enviroment is really cool , nice gameplay too .
 I love the game being outside . It 's fun and a real test of your skills . I recomend for all gamers and am looking forward to Crysis Warhead .
 I have a custom-built computer : Intel Q6600 Quad 2.40 GhZ overclocked to 2.84 GB ramEVGA 8800GTX Factory overclocked video cardSoundblaster X-Fi Xtreme Gamer Fatal1ty Platinum sound cardVista Home PremiumFirst off , I have an extremely powerful system . I had heard lots of reviews saying this thing would eat any CPU/GPU for breakfast . Yeah right . not MY system . I was wrong . The max I can run this game -LRB- full settings -RRB- is at 1024x768 , not my preferred 1680x1050 . At the maxed everything , it takes over a second to respond to input -LRB- move the mouse right , 1 second later , the guy looks right -RRB- . The only thing that I can think of that would be able to handle it is another 8800GTX in SLI . Gah I do n't want to get another $ 700 video card !!! Now , even though I ca n't run it at FULL settings , I did not say anywhere that this looks mediocre on lower settings . It is AMAZING , even on lower resolutions.The game itself is amazing , much better than halo in terms of interactivity and storyline . The physics alone blow any other game -LRB- sans Unreal 3 running on an ageia physx card -RRB- out of the water , and the AI is excellent.Get it if you can run it .
 Pros
 I 've been big fan of Far Cry and figured with all the talk of beefy system requirements for Crysis that my old XP / 2.8 / 1gb/6600GT machine would n't be able to run it . I downloaded the demo and it worked fine , so I got it this weekend . Its a very cool game , granted much of the eye candy is on its lowest setting , but there is no issue with low FPS , totally playable . Even on the low settings the graphics are pretty impressive.I 'm just starting the game , but I recommend this game if you like First Person Shooters . Download the demo first if you 're not sure you system will run it properly .
 Mu buenos graficos , auque requiere una pc potente para correrlo al maximo . esperemos que salga la 9800GX2
 This is the best first person game yet.You will need the latest hardware to play this game .
 Great game - if your system can handle it , buy this and enjoy the eye candy . Far Cry had many issues - such as no quick save and an environment that quickly became repetitious despite looking great . This game has a much better progression , melding non-linear , sandbox game play with a story that is driven through more linear sequences . The AI is fairly good , though the stealth capabilities make them look a bit foolish at times ... You can approach the action in varied ways -LRB- stealth , big guns , tactical , etc. -RRB- and the environment goes from jungle to sci-fi and beyond ... very few flaws to this game overall.For the price you can grab it at these days it is going to be hard to beat ! ~ Hendrixius
 Unclear why amazon has this for almost $ 100 , when BestBuy has it for $ 28 . Anyway , the game is very good -LRB- see all the websites about changing the graphics quality on DX9 in Windows XP assuming you have the PC to support that -RRB- . The game has spectacular graphics . The game play is similar to other FPS games , with a nicely destructible environment , although that gets a tad old . The quality of the graphics do make a immersive experience . Your machine ca n't be too fast to run this game , and a monster GPU is required . If you are running a 32-bit version of windows you do n't need more than 4gb of ram -LRB- your OS ca n't see it , so do n't waste the money , and yes I know it 's less than 4gb , but this is Amazon not ars-technica -RRB- . Crysis 2 is soon to debut , and having experience with the first game will help with the `` story '' and gameplay .
 * Graphics
 The graphics in this game is amazing . But i find the gameplay quite a bore . Nothing interesting and very mundane story . Buy the game to admire the graphics and how well -LRB- poorly -RRB- your computer runs it . But there is n't much after that .
 This game is really a intense and crazy fun game . You will feel like a super soldier most of the time and in a good way . You are a special forces troop wearing a super suit . You can enhance your speed and dash up to enemies then switch to armor mode to take more bullets , and then you can cloak and take out enemies predator style . There is no one way to play this game . Go stealthy or action hero , it is your choice . The engine looks amazing and I can see why it is so demanding on hardware . You have to have a -LRB- now in these days -RRB- a decent machine with a newer graphics card and at least a dual core CPU . You should also have at least 2 GB of RAM , which is overlooked a lot , especially on Vista machines . If you have the hardware and liked FPS with freedom to run around and dispose of enemies however you like , then you should try this game . It is truly a great experience .
 Crysis is a must have in my opinion for those who like pc games , the graphics are excellent even when set on low quality . Crysis has a simple objective with out all the puzzles of other games , it truly is a shoot 'em down and blow 'em up type of game .
 If you have a good enough PC , than you HAVE to try this game . The graphics are absolutely amazing and the gameplay is great . There is no single way to complete a level
 Crysis is an excellent game . The graphics are nearly the best I 've seen.The gameplay and story are both great but the ending feels like the game stoped near the ending but did n't finish up the story .
 Good :1 . Got D/L version when this game is on special .2 . Great action and FPS game3 . Nice Graphics and Game is kind of unique in it 's own way .4 . No problem with downloading from Amazon and activation.Bad :1 . Turn graphics all the way up , you get playable minimum 25-30 FPS , check hardware review sites before you buy this game .
 I bought this game and right after it finished downloading I started playing . I was dumbstruck by the fantastic graphics of this game . However there were some problems with the game ; on my first play through my computer had trouble rendering things on the last part of the final mission . On my second playthrough everything worked perfectly . the next time I played the game sometimes the framerate would drop but this would soon correct itself . Other than those few problems the game is one of the best I own .
 This is by far the best looking game I 've played . Even today , with games like Bulletstorm and even Crysis 2 -LRB- yeah the first one still looks better -RRB- , nothing seems to surpass the level of detail that went into this game . That being said , you need a nuclear reactor-powered super computer to handle it a max settings . Kidding . My quad core overclocked hd 5870 beast handled it fine . The story is set on an island -LRB- Crytek is so creative * sarcasm * -RRB- taken over by Koreans and your job is to infiltrate , evacuate hostages , and uncover the truth . Throughout the journey you find lots of Koreans , trees , and even aliens . The lighting effects , physics of breaking palm trees and punching walls in , and explosions will leave your jaw on the floor and it will stay there . The story is whatevs . Multiplayer is fun and fast paced . Overall the game is good . Just not great . Only the graphics are great .
 I purchased this game and am well satisfied by what I got . It took little time to order and was fun to play .
 Got the game just to pass the time at work and I actually really liked it and the great prIce was unbeatable
 Very fun game to plan . You have to be reasonably thoughtful on how to approach attacking the enemies , but there are different ways to be successful ... either through stealth , long-range attacks , or close-up shotgun action - so you can take different approaches that match your style . The storyline is relatively interesting and the game has a lot of different sections , so it does n't get boring / monotonous killing . I found the vehicle operation a little difficult and challenging , but my benchmark was Halo where once you get a tank everything dies ... you have to be more careful with this game .
 Great Game . If you like fast paced shooter games you will like this one . Easy to use , yet can be very challenging .
 Looking back at playing Crysis , having beaten it twice since I bought it , I have my criticisms of the game.However , the first time I played it , I was completely hooked . I did n't want to stop . I think it had to do with the nano-suit functions , I loved using them . The second time through was just as fun , and I tried out a whole different set of ideas for nearly the whole game , just because the nano-suit functions can alter the gameplay enough to change the whole strategy for a level . Also , the on the fly weapon customization was VERY cool and handy . By leaving the suit on armor and leaving the guns un-modded or by just equipping your favorite sight on each weapon you can make the game just like any other , however , this would certainly be a huge waste . The graphics are excellent . I fiddled with my settings a few times , just to see what happens , and on low they are n't fantastic , however , on High or Very High , the game is quite spectacular . I could do without the motion blur , I do n't really think it looks cool , it is actually slightly disorienting at first , at least for me . It also detracts from the gameplay , because it makes it much more difficult to turn quickly and shoot accurately . It does add difficulty to the game , and I do enjoy a challenge , so after cursing it for a few minutes , I embraced the challenge.A list about the things I did n't like about the game . -LRB- besides the motion blur -RRB- 1 . The DVD -LRB- and this could just be my copy -RRB- makes a terrible sound in my drive . It also seems to take a long time to load the DVD menu . However , the actual functions in the menu work fine , and it has never locked up or crashed my machine .2 . The game needs to be longer . I only got the rushed out to stores feeling when playing the final level on the aircraft carrier , when I encountered a few random bugs that I could n't repeat .3 . For the most part , I dislike FPS levels where I 'm in a vehicle . This has been true of the COD games , Hidden and Dangerous games -LRB- fantastic games , once patched -RRB- , Medal of Honor series , and so on . Controllable vehicles where I can jump in and out at will can -LRB- and have -RRB- been a great asset to a game . I digress slightly , my main point here being that the VTOL level is terrible . The controls are awful and mushy , and I frequently crashed . However , I stuck with it , and after I adjusted to the controls , I rarely crashed . It is still very tough to complete the mission because you have to shoot things that are zipping around you .4 . I wanted more weapons to use . Farcry had many weapons , and while I 'd say that most of them were similar -LRB- it had 5 or 6 automatic weapons , and two had grenade launchers and zoom sights -RRB- but they still had their purpose , and they sort of ` upgraded ' as you went through the game . In Crysis , you never really get ` better ' weapons . The FY71 and the SCAR are what I 've been using the whole time for nearly every level . The gauss rifle did n't do it for me , I liked the precision rifle better , but that could be my imagination . Maybe the weapon fittings I liked so much should account for * some * of the lack of weapons , but I still would have liked a few more weapons.Having said all that stuff makes it seem like you should n't buy the game , but like I said at the beginning , it has problems , but I was STILL compelled to play this game . I woke up in the middle of the night and could n't go back to sleep , so I played this game for another couple of hours . I am definitely a gamer , and have spent many nights up late -LRB- much too late sometimes -RRB- but that has NEVER happened to me before .
 An awesome rendition to be compared to X-Box 's Halo , but better.An eerie , suspenseful storyline with all the action of a Hollywood movie.I spent hours playing this game because I could n't peel myself from the action . the only downside is , you run out of ammo way too fast.I recommend for anyone who wants to open up a can of ... well , you know . The multiplayer is excellent , with all the vehicles and specials .
 I read about this game over a year ago . I waited for a year and it 's finally here . The problem is , Crytek should have sat on this game for another year . You see I built a brand new computer aimed at playing this game . It has an Intel Q6600 quad-core processor , 2 gigs of ram , 2 ATI Radeon video cards running in Crossfire mode , I have well over $ 1000 in computer parts invested in this and guess what ? I have to run this game at the same crummy `` medium '' detail settings as everyone else who is reviewing this game and running it at an equally crummy 1028X762 resolution . So just know going in that you will not able to run this game at it 's highest settings . I feel like it is kind of foolish on Crytek 's part to release a game that the hardware almost does n't exist to run.Having said all that , it really is a neat game . It has some nice touches that I have not seen in any other FPS games , such as weapons customization on the fly and the armour/strength/cloaking suit . It has nice environments , challenging gameplay and a nifty level of interaction with your surroundings . All in all , it 's an excellent game that loses one star due to the fact while we are ready and the game is ready , sadly our computers are not .
 I have not completed this one yet . I 'm taking my time with it because I am tryint to take in every rich detail this game has to offer.Many might dissagree with me about this , but here is what I think -LRB- so far -RRB- . This is by far the best looking FPS I have ever seen or played . It will never , or course beat games like wolf3d and doom/doom2 . Still , with the help of good hardware it looks incredible . You DO need a monster machine to be able to get the best from this . My motherboard is a 6000 pci express , my graphics card is the very latest Radeon to hit the market . I have 6 gigs of the very latest ram and some other bells and whistles . This game still wo n't run completely silkily with everything maxed out , but this is simply because it was engineered to beat the very latest tech to hit the market . I have so much fun trashing buildings or throwing objects into things ; or merely looking at the environment . I wo n't give it away , you have to experience it.Hopefully they will release patches soon to assist with the many technical glitches causing system crashes etc.Just my thoughts .
 This is a fantastic game , the best FPS to date . There was no need to redisgn the FPS genre . . only improve the AI and graphics to utilize 2007 -LRB- and beyond -RRB- hardware . The game is not as ground-breaking as Half-Life or even FarCry when they were first released , but there are some features which make it original . Here are the best features :1 . Graphics ! Best visuals and special effects in any game to date . Just make sure you have the hardware for it . I have a Core Duo 2.66 ghz and a 8800 GTS 640mb and I get only 30fps average at 1024x768 at high settings . I had the occasional skipped frames under high graphic load but this is rare .2 . Fully manipulative environment . Trees that fall over , tires that explode , buildings that can be blown up , animals that can be picked up or shot ... just about everything can be manipulated in some way .3 . Nanosuit -- now THIS is original . Sort of like the suit worn in Half-life but with armor , strength , speed , and stealth mode . Very cool to grab an enemy and throw them 50 feet off a cliff . Your health is a matter of suit energy which re-generates ... no running around finding cheesy health kits unexplainably strewn about on the island . Weapons and amunition are found where you expect ... on dead enemies and in supply buildings on the island .4 . Vehicles -- Fantastic usable vehicles -- tanks , trucks , hummers , boats , helicopters . These are FUN to drive and add a whole new dimention to game play.In general the levels are well designed , with various ways to acheive your objectives . The only level I did n't like was the one inside the mountain where the only goal is to find a way out -LRB- boring . -RRB-
 I am a big fan of FPS games and in recent years I have noticed a disturbing trend . They are getting easier . Some in part to my own skill increasing but also , I think , because they are being made easier . F.E.A.R took me alittle while to get used to , but after I found the rythem , I was able to finish it off fairly quickly , the same with Doom 3 and Quake 4 . Bioshock , while beautiful and having a great story , was even easier . This makes me sad . In most FPS 's now I start off at max difficulty and go from there . Even Halflife 2 and its children while being wonderful games were not particularly difficult for me -LRB- Portal was awsome and should be played by all -RRB- . Not so with Crysis . I started on normal and stayed there . From the begining I was challenged , having to learn to adapt to the nano-suit and its many uses and also to the wiley North Korean adversaries . And just when I got that figured out and felt fairly confident with single person vs group tactics , they switch it up and introduce the aliens , who require a totally different strategy to fight . The Zero-G was fascinating and very difficult and the wonderful end boss fight took me right back to me early days in FPSing.So go Crysis . A good selection of weapons though the sniper rifle seemed a bit superflious when you could outfit your AK with a slincer and scope to perform the same function . Shot-gun , assult rifle combo which is my regular stand by for all FPS 's served well here , except in the end game when I switched up for the Gauss Gun , my persoal favorate weapon ... if only it had extened clips ... Graphically wonderful . Do n't know what else to say . Jungle was awsome , buildings exploded and fell down , the alien ship was suitably alien . You will need a high end computer to play this . I have a laptop built expressly by my friend -LRB- who is much more tech savy than I. Gamer , me . -RRB- for gaming and while I got by on High for most of the game , there were moments when I had to dial it down to medium graphics . However , even on medium it is gorgious.The only reason I dont give this game five stars and have done with it is that is crashed my computer four times , once resulting in the dreaded blue screen of death . Now I was able to re-sent my comp and everything is fine , but it worried me . This bug be bad and should be fixed.So in conclusion , the game play is excellent , the graphics are for high end machines but well worth it , and the story is epic , especially the bits where you are in country with the US Army against eith the Koreans or the Aliens . Fighting with allies is awsome , especially when they are yellin stuff at you and dying and everything . I remember at least two times I was actually moved by the death of an NPC . Made the movie effect stand out . This game left me wanting the sequal . I would highly recomend it to anyone , though fair warning . It 's a challenge.I think maybe I 'll go back and try to beat it on hard now ... pray for me ...
 Crysis is a sci-fi first person shooter/stealth androgyny from ambitious German developer Crytek , and is the studio 's sophomore effort to 2004 's Far Cry , which shares a litany of traits with the aforementioned title - including it 's open world level design , island environment , PC exclusivity , and most inconspicuously - three letters of the title.As previously mentioned , after a generation of PC exclusivity -LRB- due to it 's groundbreaking console-melting graphics -RRB- console owners may finally experience arguably the best FPS of all time , thanks to this generation 's `` next gen '' tech - and I 'm not hyperbolizing about how good the game is . Seriously . But more on this later.For me many first person shooters lack personality , so it seems they add a distinctive element to `` kick it up a notch '' - the Resistance franchise ? Bam ! - unique weapons . Killzone . . well , this franchise does n't actually have a distin-bam ! - cover emphasis , etc. . Stay on your toes , dear reader . . Emril 's insight runs far deeper than gravy on mashed potatoes . Crysis ' bam element is the Nanosuit , as pushing graphical limitations is almost the standard nowadays.With the Nanosuit you can engage cloaking , maximize your armor , and run/jump with superhuman skill . Using these special abilities will drain your suit 's energy rather quickly , in which you will have to wait a few laborious seconds until it is fully recharged again . This limited power approach appears to be implemented so that you do n't rely on them so much as utilize them in specific circumstances to maximize their efficiency.Don ' t get it twisted , Crysis is a rather challenging game that will test your shooting abilities as much as your tactical ones . Learning when to sneak past enemies -LRB- IE cloaking in between runs to bushes you can crouch in a bush and recharge -RRB- , when to fight -LRB- IE using armor when out of cover & taking bullets -RRB- , and when to run like hell is thrilling - and ensures your playthrough will be unlike anyone elses . The choice afforded in Crysis goes a long way in making the trial and error of advancement significantly less monotonous , as you can take several different routes with several different strategies and feasibly reap the same result -LRB- which is also fertile ground for multiple playthroughs -RRB- . Visually speaking this game is awe-inspiring -LRB- as if you were n't aware -RRB- , but before I get to that I will skim the narrative . As the story unravels , one that I wo n't go into in fear I may unintentionally dilute the excitement that only comes from witnessing the unexpected firsthand , and as far as `` the unexpected '' element goes , this game delivers in spades * and is certainly as engrossing as any AAA action title you 'd see in theaters . Made even more so through it 's lengthy and expertly structured narrative . If you stay invested in the plot you 'll discover a dense science fiction geo-political thriller , light years more entertaining than the typical Hollywood equivalent.If there 's one element of the narrative that did n't particularly appeal to me , it 's the forgettable characters - characteristic of the action genre . But as much as I did n't care for the characters , I was invested in the storyline - and do understand why the characters are written as they are . Characters -LRB- main and supporting alike -RRB- are devoid of individualism as to not muddle the ever climaxing tone or distract from the much bigger picture . Crytek gets a pass from me on this particular gripe , I get it.You will be taken to a number of unique environments in Crysis , which I will also understate-as you really need to see them to appreciate them . Suffice it to say , over the course of your 8 + hour single player rigamarole you will traverse the following environments
 I 'm coming into Crysis rather late , in fact a few years late and by the time I had played the game Crysis 2 was already on store shelves . Not knowing much about this game beyond it being a great way to test your PC , it was a first person shooter , and dealt with aliens on an island I was pretty much coming into this experience blind . Let me say this , I 'm walking away quite impressed.Let 's just get this out of the way right off the bat , the visuals are extremely impressive . Crysis released at the end of 2007 and I 'm impressed with it in 2011 . My rig easily maxed the game out without any struggle and it was a feast for my eyes from start to finish . The environment is the true star of the show here with majority of the game taking place on an island , you 're never short of impressive sights to gaze upon as you work your way from one area to the next . It 's rare that I find myself in a game stopping to marvel at the visuals and Crysis was one of those games that constantly gave me reasons to stop and just take it all in.From the opening sequence where you parachute onto the island after losing contact with a scientific exploration team due to Korean forces to a mountain collapsing in the distance and even being brought aboard an alien ship , Crysis almost never fails to impress in the visual department.Stepping back from the visuals though I found a rather well designed game . Each area you come across acts as a mini sandbox , allowing you to attack your objectives in any way you see fit . Pair that up with your nanosuit 's abilities and you 've got a fair amount to work with . Your objectives range far and wide , from knocking out jamming equipment , gaining intel on certain characters or places , investigating areas , taking out AA guns , sabotaging enemy weapon stockpiles , and more . It is the standard affair here of what you are doing but with the ability to approach an objective however you want gives Crysis a sense of freedom other FPS games lack.Whether you go in guns blazing , sneak around the back to try and slip in unnoticed , hop in a vehicle to cause some mayhem , or simply distract your enemies the choice is yours . As I said earlier your nanosuit plays a huge role here by accessing several useful modes . Speed , Cloak , Armor , and Power . Speed obviously has you running quicker normally and when sprinting you move extremely fast though your energy supply drains quickly . Cloak -LRB- again obviously -RRB- allows you to turn nearly invisible and slip past enemies undetected though be warned that if you are damage or attack while cloaked your energy is completely drained . Depending on how fast you move will also factor in how quickly your energy is depleted . Armor slows you down quite abit though it turns you into a walking tank and is great for when you 're in a pinch . Last but not least Power not only boosts your strength by letting you pick up heavy objects and fling them with ease but also increases your jump height dramatically.Crysis becomes extremely rewarding to play once you learn how to use the abilities together and manage your energy supply at the same time . Cloaking your way through an enemy camp , flipping over to Power mode to leap onto a roof before using sprint to leap to the next building via a long jump and cloaking while in mid air until your target is in sight where you turn Cloak off just long enough to fire before cloaking again is immensely satisfying . The better you get at using all of your suit 's abilities the more rewarding the game becomes . It does take some getting used to , using abilities drains your energy quickly so timing is everything . Once you get the hang of it though the feeling of power you get is incredible.The sound effects in Crysis are top notch as well . From the explosions , gun shots , to even hearing your character breath heavy as you sprint over a distance , it all works to draw you into the experience . You can even hear the nanosuit 's motors , gears , and other parts working so you move along . Playing with a surround sound system only made this experience even better . Hearing bullets wiz by , tree branches snapping from gun fire , the thud from an explosion in the distance all really brought the experience home.As for the story line , this definitely is n't going to be like Half-Life where you find yourself drawn in and becoming attached to characters and their plight . In fact you spend a vast majority of your time working alone and only hearing from characters over the radio . From the jump you are separated from your squad and then just as it seems like you 're going to regroup they start getting killed of one by one . When the US rolls in you are still pretty much kept on your own , making contact with soldiers and the surviving members of your squad from time to time as you take on jobs deemed too risky for your average grunt.At times I found myself abit lost about what to do next , especially during the final boss fight which was a visual treat but left me slightly frustrated . What Crysis wants you to do is n't always clearly communicated and there are points where you are left wondering if you 're doing the right thing or simply hanging on by a thread for your life . This typically happens during boss like sequences or if you are attempting to hold a position while enemies attack from all sides.One section in particular stands out in my mind where I was with a group of soldiers attempting to break through door by rigging C4 and aliens were pouring in to wipe us out . I kept getting updates from the soldiers from time to time , but they did n't feel like true progress. , just a quick line about how things were going badly . I had taken to a mounted machine gun and during my multiple attempts would wander away from this spot wondering if I had missed something to trigger the door being breached . Instead I was just supposed to hold out for an extended time until the world 's slowest special forces team setup the explosives and gave us a way out . This section took around 15 minutes of just defending this spot.There were points where the story dragged though this was usually rewarded with a heart pounding set piece that brought me to the edge of my seat . The vehicle sections were fairly enjoyable for the most part , often putting you inside a tank or something else like that . The plane section I found to be a little dull and frustrating though , but it is only a minor drawback to a great experience.Overall Crysis delivers a visually stunning game , even by today 's standards , along with a great campaign that does alot to be different from most shooters on the market . I ca n't speak for the console version as I have n't played it but Crysis on PC is a definite must for any shooter fan wanting to test their rig.I 'm giving this a 9 out of 10 .
 Amazing graphics , especially if you have the equipment to run it the way it was meant to be . Fun to play . Only complaint was the game is a bit short . Was able to finish most of the game over one weekend .
 I want to start by saying , `` Next company that makes a game without an ending gets a crowbar to the face . '' That aside , I found this to be a very good first person shooter as games go.The game looks good . It seems that this game is the newest release by the company CryTech . You may recall a previous title by the name Far Cry , yeah same people . Crysis makes use of a new gaming engine -LRB- CryEngine 2 -RRB- and is one of the new `` Next Gen '' games available for both XP and Vista and blah blah blah . Essentially , you can count on it to put your video card in a hammerlock and clock you processor to next week as you play . From what I have seen , this game is built for platforms which may not even exist yet . Not to say that you ca n't play it on a less than brand new machine , you simply may not enjoy it as much . For reference , I played through with a Intel Core Duo 2.4 , Nvidia 8800 GTS and 2 gigs of ram , without any problems.The game itself is great . Set in the not so distant future -LRB- 2020 -RRB- you are a special ops soldier sent into an island somewhere in the south China sea . Originally sent to fight Koreans and rescue some scientists , things get very odd very fast . For more plot check out Wikipedia , but let me assure you it is far more gratifying than the plot of most shooters out there -LRB- namely Timeshift -RRB- . The interface of the game works well . I did n't have to play with a single config , control or setting throughout the entire game . I find it is always nice to find my buttons , video and sound settings right where I need them from the start.The only real concept that causes this game to differ from others is the use of the nanosuit . Essentially , it is a set of superpowered battle armor you get the joy of using . For short intervals , it can cloak you , speed you up , give you super strength or simply defend you . This sounded cool from the start , but quickly degenerated into using the same function over and over again as the difficulty of your enemy is amped up to compensate for you powers.Example
 Crysis is ... well , Crysis , I have never played a game like it.Pros - Gorgeous graphics , environments are highly interactive , playing the game is alot of fun , customizable weapons , a very usefull nanosuit.Cons - NEED A SUPERCOMPUTER !!!!!!!!!! Touch on the last part , if you have a very good computer and are a fan of the FPS genre , then do not hesitate to get this game.My new gaming PC had some problems running this game on high/very high settings @ 1280x1024 with 2xAA . My computer specs are : Nvidia 780i motherboardIntel Q9650 @ 3.40 GhzNvidia 280 GTX -LRB- Overclocked -RRB- 4GBs of RAM @ 800 MhzIf you have a moderate PC then you can run this game , but be advised , the framerate is very inconsistant . If your PC barely meets the minimum speculations , forget about this game until you have a new computer.SingleplayerThe singleplayer in Crysis is the products main feature . It takes about 12 - 15 hours depending on the difficulty of play . The singleplayer is highly replayable because of the open level design . Crysis looks to set itself apart by its level design . You are not hauled down one hallway or specific path in this game , instead you are thrown into a sandbox where you can approach your objective as you see fit.Another thing I like is the fact that the weapons are customizable . You can attach scopes , silencers , grenade launchers , lazer sights , flashlights , and even use differt types of amnunition . I ended up turning each of my weapons into somewhat of a sniper rifle , picking off soldiers at a distance.The nanosuit is also a neat mechanic of the game . It has the settings of armor -LRB- soaks up damage from enemies -RRB- , cloak -LRB- makes you invisible -RRB- , speed -LRB- the use of this is obvious -RRB- , and strength -LRB- allows super high jumps , super damaging punches , my personal favorite
 This was also a christmas gift . The game has been played often and has been enjoyed . The graphics on the game are very good as long as you have the supporting graphics card .
 I am writing this review to add to the wealth of knowledge regarding system requirements . I am running a Core 2 Duo E6550 , 2 GB DDR2 800 RAM and a XFX 8800 GTS 320MB XXX edition -LRB- the factory overcocked version -RRB- . I have tested the game at 1280 x 1024 and 1024 x 768 on a 20 inch dell lcd . At 1024 x 768 I was rewarded with smooth frame rates -LRB- probably in the 55 to 60 fps range -RRB- with most settings on high and 2x AA . At 1280x1024 I was forced to turn off the AA to receive the same frame rate and avoid ghosting with the same mixture of high and medium settings , again mostly high .
 Looks like a great game with awesome graphics . That is if you 've got an insane rig with the latest and fastest hardware . If not -LRB- like me with my lowly OC 'd ATI HD3870 card on my OC 'd amd6400 + rig -RRB- You can forget about playing it on high quality with enjoyable frame rate at the native resolution of a 22 '' monitor . I 've put the game aside and I 'm content to wait for the next generation of video cards to play it as it was meant to be played . -LRB- not an Nvidea plug-in -RRB- . Meanwhile The Valve Orange Box is giving me hours of full resolution gaming with 4XAA and all the bells and whistles turned on .
 Excellent graphics and very challenging game play . The game sets your misions , but to a great extent it leaves how you accomplish the mission to your own ingenuity .
 I started playing `` video games '' in ' 89 . This is the best `` shooter '' yet . I do n't like fighting Aliens but the war in the jungle against the North Koreans is breathtaking . Expect some gliches use only top notched equipment and be prepared to sell off your old games on e-bay .
 I dislike the use of bad language and the `` F '' word in the game . Sure I know it 's rating , but I hear that crap all day long I dont need to hear it in my games . The gameplay itself is very fun , very halflife 2 like except without creapy crawlies spring out at you . The cloaking ability is awesome allowing you to control the pace of the game to your liking as opposed to being forced into a mad dash firefight frenzy controlled by the game engine.Vehicles are great fun , however I am amazed that the aircraft have no joystick support.Overall I give it 4 stars , a worthy purchase ... PS . the graphics are AMAZING !!
 Hi all ! If you 've ever read some of my other reviews , you know I 'm a hard core action , adventure , FPS type of gamer . I loved Far Cry and have been waiting patiently -LRB- and I 'm not a patient man -RRB- for a sequel . Well , this is it . Yep ! I got the demo and it looks every bit as good as Far Cry . The thing that is really cool about Far Cry AND this game , is that you can interact with the entire environment , you can take your own path throughout the game and you can just plain have fun . You actually feel like you 're IN the game . The graphics , as in Far Cry , are excellent and the environments are realistic and a blast to play in . You can shoot down all the palm trees you want , shoot the buildings to pieces and have a general blast playing psycho killer . No , I have n't purchased the game yet . I plan to though . This one is worth every cent , just as Far Cry was . I highly recommend this game to all those fellow FPS fans out there . You wo n't go wrong with this one . Now , make another and another . Love these games !
 I had been looking forward to this game . I downloaded the Demo and it was really good . All the reviews about the graphics are true ... it is the best there is . That is also the problem with this game . It needs a high-tech PC for you to take full advantage of the high settings . Otherwise it will move like a slideshow . I got a single GeForce 8800 GTX and that is not nearly enough . It requires good Processor as well ... quad core is best.The game play was really buggy and i was tempted to give it a 3 but Crytek eventually released a couple service packs that fixed all the issues i had . So i decided to give the game play the full 5 stars . So check out the website www.nanosuit.com for updates.I really love this game .
 I am surprised at how well the game runs on my system . I have a 3.0 gHz P4HT , 3 Gb of system memory , and my video card is an nVidia 8600GT that has 512 MB onboard . I can run everything on high , at 1280 , with no AA . I do n't even notice the AA being off . The graphics more than compensate . The water and sky effects stand out for me . Some people focus on the foiliage graphics , but I do n't think my system renders it like the developers had intended . My frame rate is n't the greatest , but I 'm more than happy with the performance seing that my system is no where near top of the line . Based on my system 's performance do n't believe it when people say that you need the latest greatest PC to enjoy this game.As far as the actual game play , I 'm having fun . I 'm no where near finishing it , but the features and gameplay have won me over already . I like the different nano suit options , and the fact that there is n't one set way to complete an objective . This game is very open ended which , for me , makes the game very replayable once I finish it . The only nitpick I have is that the NPC voice audio does n't match their lip movements . It could be do to my system performance . I would expect a game of this stature to notice the small details like that . If any of you have the same issue please leave me a comment . I 'd like to know if it is my system or the game itself .
 I waited a year for this game as well . After playing Far Cry , I could n't wait for Crysis . At first I did n't like this game very much . I have a duo core 3.0 ghz ; 2g ram ; 8800 gtx in sli ; Sound Blaster X-Fi Fatal1ty 5.1 Surround . A must-have to really enjoy this game . As I have played this game over the last six months I have gotten really good at operating the nano suit and weapons . Now I have to say that this game is the best shooter game I have EVER played ! Call of Duty 4 is a extreme close second . I have all the EA Battlefield games as well as Tom Clancy series . After the patches and some tweaks in the game set up-I just love this game now ! Trees falling down , buildings blowing up , blowing up vehicles and helicopters , and on and on . UNLIMITED ways to accomplish your missions in maps that a HUGH!The physics and realism is unmatched . And sound effects are the best I 've heard out of any game.This game has cause people to love it or be dissapointed with it . Which ever camp you 're in you have to accept that FPS gaming developers are n't going to let up . If you are a serious gamer your wallet better back it up!Se ya on the Battlefield !
 If you 're thinking about buying this item , you obviously know that has the best graphics of any game to date . But the gameplay is fun as well , and some of the later levels with the aliens are pretty sweet too . Play the demo , the first half of the game is very similar to that.Preformance : I run this game at high on everything except objects quality -LRB- which i scale back to medium -RRB- and 2x anti-aliasing , at 1280x1024 -LRB- SXGA -RRB- resolution . Getting 30-44 fps average in non combat , and 6-20 fps in combat.Rig :3.2 GHz Pentium 4 with hyperthreadingXFX Nvidia 8800 GT alpha dog edition -LRB- not the xxx variant -RRB- ... and , well , that 's all that you really need to know for your performance benchmarks .
 Anyway Crysis is an amazing game instead of COD4 's strict linearity you get moreless the exact opposite . You can play this game anyway you want if you wanted to you could get through a large amount of the game with little or no combat . The only bad part is after you discover the aliens and then it plays like COD4 not a bad thing but after playing Crysis for 5 , 6 hours its kinda deppressing . And remember there is a demo so I say try it see if you like the gameplay and its also a great way to see if your computer can run it . Oh and the story is pretty much the PC 's equal to Halo series on the console its really really bad . But it gets you to more Korean killing action the important part of the game .
 I played this with my Alienware PC and it was outstanding . The graphics are the best I 've seen . Smooth gameplay . Already wish there was a sequel.Running AMD dual core 5600 + Nvidia 8800 GT .
 I bought this for my 15 year old son . He says it has killer graphics but you must the system to handle them . He has an AMD FX62 with an 8800 GTX and can run this under max quality . He says that this is great game play and is totally different than any game he has played in the past .
 Crysis is an amazing game , well worth the money , but has a few annoying , near-fatal flaws . First up , the hardware issues . I have a 8800 GTS with nForce something-or-other motherboard -LRB- pretty new -RRB- and a Intel quad-core CPU -LRB- not Extreme -RRB- , and I can run semi-stably on medium , becoming choppy on some parts . I 'd really like to experience the best of it 's graphics , but I hardly have the budget . Second , the story was blah and crapped out at times , also too short . The ending was too much of a Halo 2 . Third , the multiplayer was absolutely horrible . It is still a great game , and hopefully the multiplayer issues can be fixed .
 I recently bought Athens 2004 and thought it was fantastic , the gymnastics events looks very realistic , and the fact that you can use the dance mat makes the game even better . This is a perfect game for you to invite your friends over to play ! There are loads of events that you have to master , and try to become a gold medalist ! The button pushing is n't for the weak fingered , but it 's great to watch your friends jumping up and down on the dance mat trying to finish the 100 meters . This game is for the competitive people who want to win and prove to their friends that they are the best ! I would recommend this game !
 Overall I love this game . At first I was like this sucks because the controlls are so screwed up , but it 's so addicting you play it anyways . After a few days or weeks of playing , I got really good at the confusing controlls and now I 'm always playing this game . This game is constantly challenging , so it never really gets old . There are a lot of categories to choose from so if you just hate a few of the games , you can pick other ones . I would definatly recommend this game if you wan na have fun .
 I love this game . I have it and play it every chance I get . It would be nice with the improvements for the next Track and Field game to have the 100 and 400 relay races . Or have the competition just like the olympics with heats , semi finals , and finals . However the game is fantastic .
 I liked this game because It has loads of events , with diffent levels of controls . The controls take time to get use to but once you get into it , you end up spending ages trying to beat your own world record . The shooting and the archery are the best events .
 Athens 2004 is an awesome sports game and a realistic version of the Olympics . I was really impressed with the number of events in the game . As well as the running and hurdles , you can swim , do gymnastics , shoot on the archery range , and even ride a horse ! The controls are easy to use . As other reviewers have stated , it is a great party game for you and your friends - really cool with multitap and dance mat !
 Bought this game for my sons and they are quite happy with it . In fact it has been their preferred game ever since.Athens 2004
 Practice definitely makes perfect in this game . Due to the way the controls are setup , it makes for an interesting test of finger strength and endurance :-RRB- . Overall a very enjoyable game . Graphics are pretty good , gameplay is very smooth , etc. . I am a huge sports game player , so for me this was a must buy . It adds a level of diversity to my game portfolio : -RRB-
 I bought this game strictly for the equestrian and found myself playing every event ! it 's realistic and the controls make sense . Some events like shooting I find time consuming and not as fun as the other events . The weird thing is that I 've played a lot of equestrian games and this one is the best and it 's not even focused on it ! This game is worth every penny of the price ! A great party game too : -RRB-
 Athens 2004 is a real good games , I remember when it first came out . . I was n't expected that much improvement from the last game -LRB- ESPN Track and Field -RRB- . The game have a wide range of events and it 's enjoyable . Competision is always tight , the more you break the records the tougher the competiters get . BUY THIS GAME !!! this would be the best Athletics game until/if they come out with one in late 2008 / early 2009 . I hope they improve into having real athletes on it by names and things , that would be tight !! Track and Field is my heart . I 've been sprinting the 100m , 200m , sometimes the 400m and did the Long Jump/Triple Jump as field events ever since I was around 8yrs old . Competed in track and field games such as Cafifta , and other island meets -LRB- I 'm from the Caribbean -RRB- I always loved the sport.I won over 60 medals -LRB- 36 of them are gold -RRB- but all that ended when I was 18yrs old before a track meet . Got into incident that caused me a knee injury but I 'm working my way back to running again and competing .
 While this title is several years old , it is still a very fun PS2 title . My wife and I rented this for the family and had a blast . While there are many games that require you to hammer buttons , there are also games like archery , the 1500k , pole vauly , gymnastics , horse jumping , shot put -LRB- and many more -RRB- that require a lot of skill . We found most of the games addictive . Also , with practice you could get better . Archery was awesome ! If you are looking for a cheap game that many in your family would like , I recommend this title . We bought it after renting.Some have given this game negative reviews because some events -LRB- like swimming and the 400 meter -RRB- require you to tap for over a minute . No one can possibly do this and enjoy it . But , and I say BUT , there are too many good events on this title that DO NOT require you to tap for you to pass on it . Ignore the `` tappers '' , you will have a blast with the rest .
 athens is the best game ever if u were to like this game u would have to be competitive and patient because this game takes a long time to get good at but once u have secured that u would be addicted to this game like me .
 If you already own HL2 , this package is not such a great deal . All you will get for your $ 45 is : A couple way-too-short missions for HL2 . -LRB- Note to Valve
 The installation of this game took roughly 45 min . I had a smooth install and no problems with Stream . Im not sure why people are complaining about this title . Half-Life 2 used Stream , and episode 1 utilized this game portal . If you do n't like Stream , dont buy the game . You knew when you purchased the product that Stream is required to play , get over it.The games themselves are very entertaining . I especially enjoy the new Team Fortress game , great graphics and hours of enjoyment . The portal game is unique and challenging , and provides a slower puzzle stlye experience . As for episode 2 , so far it has been fairly challenging and adds a new level of detail to this saga . I would Highly recommend this product . The programming alone is worth the price . This is the only game I can run at full resolution with excellent frame rate .
 The Orange Box is a great deal for anyone that is a fan of the Half-Life series . I bought it for the Half-Life Two Espisode Two game at first but was overjoyed at the Portal game that came along with the package . With hours of gameplay and a great low price , it 's hard to pass this up .
 If you 're a Half-Life fan ... this is a must buy . Great fun with Episode 2 , and the bonus of Portal was better than I imagined !
 The orange box is definately worth the money.at the very least you get Portal , witch ... while short , is probably the most fun I 've had in a good long while . Portal alone is worth a good 20-30 $ Not much really needs to be said about Halflife2 , ep1 , and ep2 those easily fill in the rest of this bundles pricetag and thensome.Team fortress 2 ... seems like it might be fun , but so far I 've only ended up playing with idiots ... I think I 'd enjoy it more if I were playing with friends , but then again it 's not really my style of game to begin with . . so there you go 4 out of 5 are awesome , and the last one is great if you consider it a ` free bonus that came with your other 4 games '
 What a great value ! You get Half-life 2 , Episode-2 , Portal and Team Fortress 2 . Team Fortress is excellent fun and well done . The Half-life episode is nice but a bit short . Portal is cool , different and good for some short play sessions when you do n't have time for a full game , just do a puzzle or two . I 'd give this 6 stars if I could !
 The buzz calling the Orange Box the Deal of the Century is well deserved . Any game on the list is well worth the $ 45 you pay for all five games . Half-Life 2 is without a doubt in my mind the greatest story ever told in a shooter . Portal has had nothing like it and kept me glued to my mouse . Team Fortress 2 filled a big gap in the multiplayer shooter market that 's been left open by lackluster EA shooters.I already had Half Life 2 and HL2
 If you are wise you need to buy a NEW PC copy of the Orange box . i Ordered a used copy of this game and the install said Duplicate Key , meaning the CD-KEY was already used and was therefore invalid.Now i have to order a New copy for my laptop . im just lucky that the seller gave me a FULL refund plus 2.00 for my troubles . if you are buying a copy for your PC , BUY NEW !
 3 of the best games ever in one box . Are you kidding me ? Why are you still reading this . BUY IT . Then go buy Portal 2 and play them back to back with the sound up !
 This is any Half-Life 2 fan 's dream come true . All three games plus Portal and Team Fortress 2 and that too at an affordable price . As if the Half-Life games were n't fun already , Portal and Team Fortress 2 will keep you busy for hours ! Highly recommended
 Great buy for all who are new to HL2 and those who already have it.You get : HL2
 game rocks . you cant beat getting 5 games in one box for such a cheap price . portal or team fortress 2 are definitely worth it alone . including the new halflife episode and the old ones is also great . had some problems getting the old ones working but found some information online . they should have fixed the issues by now though . other than that , i still play team fortress 2 all the time and portal was one of the best games i have played in a long time .
 This game is worth the money paid for it . Portal was definitely fun , and the half life 2 episode 2 contains a good amount of playtime . I try to gauge a games worth based of amount of game time versus cost , and this is up there with the best .
 team fortress 2 gets boring after a bit , but they just released two new maps , so it should add some freshness to the game , portal is an amazing , clever , game , very trippy when you first start playing , have yet to play any of the half life games , although i am definitely looking forward to it5 games for the price of 1 = awesome
 I love HL 2 , but I would recommend the Orange Box just for Portal , thrown in as a sort of bonus , like the B side on a best selling single -LRB- if anyone can remember those days -RRB- . Portal is a puzzle game set in a story in which you are testing a new device that can open interdimensional tunnels . The puzzles are completely innovative , yet logical , the graphics and stability are excellent , but for me the best part was the story that unfolds as a computer guides you from test chamber to test chamber . Both the script and the voice acting are wonderful -LRB- and how often do you get to say that about computer games ? -RRB- , and they were the real motivation to keep moving through the puzzle series . The script/plot is darkly funny , leading me to laugh out loud and then be completely creeped out for the rest of the evening . It 's full of loving small touches that pull you completely into this new world . And if you get really stuck , there are a million YouTube videos showing you exactly what you need to do next . -LRB- PS . The cake is not a lie -RRB-
 Amazing game , portal could be a little longer . I had troubles running the servers on team fortress though , this probably has something to do with Windows Vista . Half Life is an awesome game and if you already own the episodes it comes -LRB- or if you do n't -RRB- with you can give a copy to your friends through Steam .
 I would say this package is best deal you could get currently which contain 5 great games and actually I bought it to get Team Fortress 2 , I dont know when I 'll stop laughing during playing this funny game.Half-life 2 and portal is just another great games and believe me , you wish you wo n't stop playing.I would say this box highly recommended .
 All five games in Orange Box were top notch . Their new game portal revolutionized games for 360 with its unique game play and advanced graphics . I beat all the games in about 20 hours of play , but I still play them . They are almost as good the second time around .
 So far I have only played Portal and Team Fortress 2 , the reasons I bought The Orange Box . Both are a lot of fun . I love Portal and want to play more after finishing it . There are some levels that really had me stumped , but somehow I managed to get through all of them . I found the story line amusing as well.TF2 is also a lot of fun , but I definitely struggle with the fast-paced action on that one . I have enjoyed learning the different character roles and want to keep playing .
 This game is great ! It was launched years ago but it is one of the greatest ever !
 It is exactly what you expect . TF2 , Portal , Half Life 2 . TF2 is a blast.Portal was fun but too short.Half Life 2 , never played it much.Bought it for TF2 and have n't been disappointed yet .
 Team Fortress 2 is a Blast ! They update it every few months , so it is like getting a slightly different new game all the time . Getting bored of playing one class and doing the same things over and over ? Just change to a different class , there are 9 different ones . Do n't know if you 're getting any better ? Just check your stats.Be sure to buy a microphone with this game if you do n't have one already . The best teams are the ones that communicate well.Portal is a lot of fun . If Valve ever adds a 10th TF2 class , their primary weapon should be the portal device.Happy Gaming!harmeyes
 Readers Unite ! If you have not yet purchased HL 2 , or at least played it , you have n't seen the best innovation in 10 years.Episodes one and two complimenting to the theme ... Bring on episode III , Valve ! This is one of the best reasons to own a PC .
 Recently purchased this game and I am definitely NOT regretting it . I 've had so much fun with this game . The graphics are great , the games are great , everything is top notch . My only complaint is that Portal is extremely short and the Half Life Episodes 1 & 2 somewhat lack a story and are very short as well . Because of that the score was brought down a bit , but still this game pack is worth getting .
 You get some of the best games on the PC in this package , not just one , 3 games and 2 expansion packs . Half Life 2 and it 's expansions make up one of the top single player FPS 's and you get one of the best multiplayer FPS as well , Team Fortress 2 . Team Fortress 2 was released a while ago and even today they 're putting out updates , new features/weapons/gameplay . Portal is worth this buy alone in how different the game is.Simply put you can not find a better deal for the price , 3 amazing games with 2 huge expansions , for very cheap .
 I was amazed at this deal when Valve released it . I had the Half-Life 2 trilogy and love this series . Was waiting for Episode 2 and decided to give this bundle a try . Need I say , Valve is a amazing company that knows how to make the best FPS out there for PC . First game I played through in the Orange Box is Half-Life 2
 I am not a serious gamer , but had been looking for something that offered some fun and entertainment , as well as a bit of variety . The Orange Box is a great bargain . It offers Half-Life2 , HL2
 Not much to say . Team Fortress 2 is a great multiplayer game . Portal and Half Life 2 + episodes are great single player games , portal more for mechanics and half life more for story .
 The orange box comes complete with 3 games , one of those having 2 expansions called episodes . Half 2 and it 's two follow up episodes are a lot fun , combining first person shooters with puzzle elements and allowing you to use the innovative Gravity Gun with the Havok Physics engine for an exceedingly fun experience.Team Fortress II is a fun multi-player shooter with plenty of online applicability.Portal was declared game of the year by a number of sources so go check it out .
 I loved HL1 , and couldnt wait for HL2.Then I thought there was HL3 Next , but I like the `` Episode '' style . Portal is the most uique games I have ever played . It also has a GREAT story . Team Fortress was great , but TF2 , Now , THAT is SUPER !!! Episode 2 is also SUPER.Overall , this game is ONE OF THE BEST PACKS ... EVER !!!!!!!!!!!
 Every game on this new valve product is very fun and will make a fun new addition to your steam account .
 I 've played and beaten Half Life 2 already , but I wanted to test out portal and TF2 and the Half Life 2 Expansions . I bought this entire package off of steam for like 15 dollars . They are having a huge christmas sale right now and you can get a full company 's catalog of games for like 75 dollars . It 's like a 400 dollar value you get for 75 dollars . Anyways , for the price , I got a ton of cool games . Half Life 2 was the prime graphic contender when it came out , I was shocked at how nice it looked . Then Crysis took over that spot . But the good thing is , you do n't need a monster of a computer to make Half Life 2 look nice . Anyways , the real reason why I wanted to create a review for this is because of Portal . This is a fantastic puzzle like game . I 'm sure you 've seen videos of it . You shoot portals that transform you to the other spot in the game . Each puzzle is tricky . I 'm getting to some really hard ones right now , but eventually I will beat them . Some get you stuck , others are easy . Anyways , I was going to rate this bundle 4-stars , but for the price and amount of games you get I will give it 5 . The reason for the 4-stars was because of the updates . You have to update each game and they take forever , it took me the better half of today to do it . Also , the games wo n't run with the shortcuts alone . You need to go into steam to launch each game which is kind of dumb , but it 's fine . I am really happy with portal , and I feel I got my money 's worth alone with that game .
 This package of games is absolutely the best ! If you are buying this used , please read this and save yourself a lot of wasted time and headaches : - Because this STEAM game originally purchased by someone else , STEAM wo n't know you just purchased it and therefore wo n't let you install the game . - You must create a support ticket @ the STEAM website and attach a picture of your CD Key with the recently created support ticket number hand written above the CD key . -LRB- It MUST be handwritten ! -RRB- It is also a good idea to include a copy of your purchase receipt . - Please keep in mind , everything you read about STEAM customer support says they take FOREVER !!! - When I went through this process , it took a few days -LRB- maybe 2 or 3 -RRB- before I got any kind of response . Once I did get a response -LRB- further direction to include specific details about my purchase -RRB- , it was approved and the Orange Box collection of games was added to my quene .
 Pros
 I played the first half life and I liked it , but it was nothing compared to this one . This one runs a lot smoother than the first one with better game play . I strongly urge you guys reading this to buy it .
 This game was the best first person shooter game I have every played . It has incredible graphics and challenging levels . I was addicted from the start . Very fun to play !!! Also a great value - you get five games for one low price . Although , I did not like Portal at all - I thought it was boring and kind of confusing . It frustrated me at times . But the other four games are fantastic !
 This is a very fun bundle of games . I got it within less than a week using standard shipping . These games are fun but they are also challenging . For example , Half Life and Portal got me frustrated because they are too puzzling . But if you are just looking for shoot 'em ups , Team Fortress 2 is an excellent choice . I played hours nonstop and still not tired .
 The Orange Box is one of the greatest deals ever !!! Definitely worth what I paid !
 You ca n't go wrong with The Orange Box . This set contains some of the best games ever made . You 'll get the complete set of Half-Life 2 games , including the original widely loved Half-Life 2 as well as HL2
 The Orange Box provided me with hours upon hours of entertainment . Playing through Half Life 2 was the best fifteen hours of my life !!! Portal also provides several hours of fun puzzle solving . The Source engine that all the games run on is amazing ! The physics are such that you can pick up almost anything in the environment ! The Gravity Gun is the funnest gun in any game I 've ever played !!! Every gamer should have this at the top of their list !!! -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 I never got around to buying Half Life 2 for the PC because you Must use Steam from Valve . Years ago I only had a dialup internet account which can make steam very difficult to use.So if broadband is not available to you this can be a deal breaker . Our brave soldiers fighting overseas are often not able to use Steam games to blow off a little steam and this is totally unfair because you often ca n't make the games to play offline properly with a bad connection . So I was totally down on steam for years.Well I finally broke down and got Verizon FIOS when it came to our town and now I can see why Steam is so convenient . Often Valve lowers the price for older games to make them cheaper than buying used copies which is what I used to do . I used to sell my old PC games also which you CAN NOT DO with steam games . But If I can buy it lower priced than the the price of used games ... I 'm so there ! 20 million people have been convinced steam is not so bad.And as an aside , Valve often updates games automatically with patches and or graphic resolution improvements . So the game can look better than if you load if off an old 8 year old disk !! I got a new computer with Windows 7 and loaded the first game Half Life 2 . I 'm playing with better equipment than was available when it first came out so it looks better than when it was first released . Steam had this on sale directly for far less than the disc version . So after years , I 'm steamed ! Happy gaming !
 Episode 2 picks up minutes after the end of Episode 1 . Aside from a little deus ex machina with the train wreck -LRB- somehow you and Alex survive withotu a scratch -RRB- , the story proceeds beautifully , with you having to descend into an Antlion colony and assault several well dug in Combine positions while trying to reach White Forest , Eli Vance , and the rest of the Resistance : Visuals
 This is a stellar package . First , the Episode 2 is GORGEOUS if you have the hardware . It is very hardware-dependent , so if you have an older graphics card or little memory , you might get chop-city when you play . But it 's great on mine . The story of Ep 2 integrates well with Episode 1 , which is the usual for Valve . The first part of the story is a bit shocking , so be prepared . Portal is a BLAST , though I must say , I find myself stuck pretty frequently ... Need to work on those 3-dimensional skills . Never played Team Fortress , but the graphics look cartoonish in a really good way.I love Steam . I purchase once , and I can play games wherever I go . If I get on a new machine , I log in , and Steam downloads what I need to play , including the ENTIRE game . This is FAR AND AWAY better than ANY other software design , and I dare anyone else to compare the typical licensing process to Steam 's design . IE
 This package is worth it for Team Fortress 2 alone , but getting Half Life 2 and both it 's episodes is a wicked sweet bonus ! I have NEVER had more fun playing a FPS than with TF2 . The Pixar style designs work perfectly , and help maximize the `` fun factor '' . If you love team/role-based FPS , then this is the grandaddy of them all . : -RRB- Buy it . ` Nuff said .
 The Orange Box is a great bundle for anyone who wants to put games on their computer , I have had a blast playing Team Fortress 2 , and I have even gotten some time in on Half-Life 2 and Portal . However , I noticed that there are some compatability issues between Steam and any 64-bit OS , primarily because Steam is still running in a 32-bit format . This game also requires you to link it with a Steam account , so you 're forced to have your Steam window open while running a game , which takes up more resources . The biggest compatability issue is that I will occasionally get stuttery lag for about 5 seconds , during which time I can not do anything , and in TF2 , has led to a few cheap deaths . Other than that , every game in the Orange Box has the default settings for a Source title , including the ability to turn on multicore rendering , which I recently discovered , and I noticed it gave me a considerable boost to performance in TF2 , at the cost of a slightly lower FPS , since I was using all four of my laptop 's cores instead of just one.I definitely suggest a good cooling pad if you 're going to play this on a laptop , and a USB mouse would n't hurt either . For those wondering , I play on a Lenovo ThinkPad with Intel Core i5 , 4GB of RAM , and an Intel Graphics Media Accelerator HD -LRB- 5700 -RRB- . Everything from the Orange Box runs at low settings with multicore rendering on , with it turned off , it runs smoothly at minimum . Make sure your laptop is plugged in to maximize active cores and RAM , and other than that , have fun !
 I bought the game from Amazon and dowloaded it . It played perfectly the first time . The next time and ever since it has not played and no one can seem to assit me .
 Putting that group of is great , I will have manny days of playing these games
 This Game should be bought by anyone who likes first person shooters and puzzle games . The real draw is the combo of all 5 games in the one package . It has Team Fortess 2 , Half Life 2 ; episodes 1 and 2 as well , and Portal . Even if you are not specifically wanting to play the some of the games i would suggest buying this package , instead of the seperate packages , so if you do want to play it in the future you already ave it istead of shelling out $ 20 for it later .
 Well , nothing I can say will be anything new , but yeah , the orange box is a great value in gaming . Even if you do n't like half life , getting this is worth it just for Team Forteress 2 and Portal , the games which I have spent most of my time on . There 's a nice veriety of experience betweent he story-driven single player of half life 2 and the episodes , the cartoony multiplayer of TF2 , and the humerous puzzler portal . If you have a decent PC there is no real reason not to have this.I guess the only downside would be having to install the Steam platform . Though I 've had no major problems with it so far , some people I know say it can be frustratingly buggy .
 Another great chapter in the HL2 saga . I bought this to get HL2 Episode 2 . I gifted away the other games.Still worth it for the sale price I paid .
 What can I say ? Five amazing games for $ 50 - it does n't get any better !
 This is by far the best valued video game purchase I 've ever made . Even though it cost me fifty dollars , it was completely worth it . Portal and TF2 alone would have made the purchase worthwhile . I already owned Half Life 2 , and Steam 's `` Gift '' system allowed me to get one of my friends a great Christmas present
 bought this platform because my Xbox 360 is out for `` red ring '' repair . Good deal - HL played well with other Windows apps , not too resource-intensive and loads/quits fairly quickly . Played fine on my lower-end laptop . And I can watch TV and play HL2 simultaneously ! hahaPS Xbox repair has taken forever . Xbox customer service gets one star . Should I avoid purchasing 360 games , from now on ?
 Absolutely amazing ... Portal is one of those games that will establish a new genre of titles . If 4th dimensional battle concepts began with Sub-Zero and Baraka in mortal combat as well as Knight Crawler in a host of combat oriented games , Portal will bring it forward a generation in pvp , and it is only a matter of time before they make this pvp . There are other games within the Orange box , but Portal is worth every penny spent.I miss my Hypercube ...
 Length :
 If you buy this , SAVE all receipts and such . When you create your account , DO NOT forget any of the info . Playing the games are GREAT . Ep1 was a bit short , but Ep2 was pretty cool . Definately worth buying and supporting the creation of new games .
 I had my reservations about Orange Box -- it included two games that I already owned
 Leaving of side the problems with Steam , the Orange Box is best deal ever , and Half Life -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- is best game too . Portal and Team F. Excellent !
 A terrific deal . I 'd not played Half Life 2 , so I received five new games for $ 40 ; you ca n't beat that -LRB- well , not new and legally -RRB- . I was especially impressed with Portal -- it 's one unique concept as well as a fun story . I just wish the game were twice as long . And I 'd REALLY like to see a multiplayer version where the objective is to use the portals to drop people in acid or fire or whatnot , and the portal device is your only weapon -LRB- except for collision , perhaps , which could allow one to push people into portals on the ground or off cliffs -RRB- . The Half Life series is enjoyable , but it is rather linear , you ca n't climb up things a child could climb , foes always seem to spot you even if you 're in the dark and standing still , and it 's pretty much impossible to complete the missions without dying at least a few times , something I like to at least have a chance to do . The worst part , though , is that after all the time spent with that smitten Alex and we never get to get jiggy with her ? Come on , the game has no problems with violence , so what 's the objection to a little sex ?
 I bought this game for my roommate here at college . He loves it and for the last month it 's been just about the only thing he plays -LRB- with minor breaks only for guitar hero -RRB- . The single player half-life 2 is very , very long with the addition of episode one and two , even longer . Portal is n't as long , but it 's a fun game and he would play that inbetween bouts of half-life 2 . Has n't played a lot of the team fortress , but that 's just because the other games are so good .
 My husband wanted this for Christmas and he really loves it . He spent many hours on the single player `` Portal '' and now he 's playing with his friends in Team Fortress 2 -LRB- on-line -RRB- .
 Orange Box is absolutely amazing . No game -LRB- s -RRB- compare . All 3 games and its sub-games are great , great , great . I 've had so much fun with friends and going solo playing all games in this deal .
 my rating is mostly for team fortress 2 and portal , both are great games . The only critique i have is i wish there were rewards for completing the in game acheivements
 Wow ! What a game . $ 39.99 for 4 SP games and a multiplayer . This game also rocks ! Graphics and gameplay are fantastic . Different interactions including vehicle use makes the game fresh at all stages ! A must buy
 Buy it , it 's worth far more than you 'll pay for it . I love this thing . ` Nuff said
 I bought the orange box to play TF2 . Portal turned out to be a complete surprise . HL2 is also great .
 The Orange Box is worth way more then just 50 dollars whether you buy it for the 360 or the PC . Not only to you get half life 2 and all of it 's episodic installments but portal and Team fortress 2 are immersing and fun . This package is not gon na be a play and forget set , Portal although short has tons of unlockable features , challenge maps and is just replayable all together . Team fortress 2 is a great game whether you played team fortress classic or not , the art style is very unique and the commentary is hilarious , ive never played a game where i had so much fun and laughed so hard at the same time.Not only is team Fortress 2 an incredibly well made sequal to the origional team fortress but it is extremely well balanced and friendly to all types of players.the entire half-life 2 series is also included in this so if you havent played the origional half-life 2 or episode 1 then you are already caught up for the new installment of episode 2The Orange Box is an entire set of games that you will play over and over again .
 PORTAL - so much fun ! I loved the concept and it was great just to have fun with the game and how they made it . Great puzzle game , engaging . non-boring as well . I have n't really played the HL2E2 or the TFII , though .
 The Orange Box has to be the best value I have ever known in my 20 + years of playing video games on many formats . There are five games in the Orange Box all of which are brilliant in their own right . I already owned Half Life 2 and HL Episode 1 but I was still more than happy to pay the US dollar equivalent of 30 for the three games that I did n't own.The five games that you get in this pack are :1 -RRB- Half Life 2 - Probably the best FPS ever2 -RRB- HL 2 episode 1 - A rather short expansion pack for HL 23 -RRB- HL 2 episode 2 - The second expansion pack for HL24 -RRB- Portal - A physics based puzzle game5 -RRB- Team Fortress 2 - An online multiplayer FPSAll three Half Life 2 games are graphically excellent with a really well told story and immersive gameplay.In Portal you wake up in a lab and must solve increasing difficult puzzles to escape . What makes this game unique is it 's use of the portal gun that enables you to open 2 portals at a time . When you go through one portal you emerge from the other . What makes it tricky is working out where and at what velocity you will emerge . For instance , if you jump from a ledge and enter a portal in the floor you might emerge from a portal in the side wall at the same fast speed . You must solve the puzzle for each level to get to the elevator . Anyway , it 's tricky to describe but is indeed good fun.My favourite though is definately Team Fortress 2 . I just love this game . It 's an online shooter involving two teams over six maps . You can choose from nine classes of combatant such as the engineer who can build turrets and teleport points to assist the team , the Heavy who carries a large chain gun , the spy who can camoflage himself as the opposing team , the soldier with his rocket launcher and five other distinct characters all with their own unique gameplay altering traits.Overall the Orange Box has something for everyone and is worth every penny . I highly recommend it .
 For around $ 40-50 dollars , the orange box is perhaps the best deal in gaming history . The Orange Box ships with five games
 Every game in this package is worth buying , playing , and playing again.I was mostly impressed by Portal and Team Fortress 2 . Both are innovative in their visual style and humor , and they both play like a dream . Portal is mind-bending , and while short , offers plenty replayability in it 's bonus maps . Team Fortress 2 will keep you busy for days . There are n't a lot of maps to start with , but the multiplayer , class-based gameplay keeps things from getting old.I ca n't really review Half-Life 2
 Okay , so I 'll admit to being one of the five people that has n't even touched Half Life 2 until now . I did play through the original Half Life , and its difficulty -LRB- especially in the later stages -RRB- was a bit of a turn-off . Personally , I think that when the game practically necessitates cheating to complete it , it 's a bit too much . That said , seeing this bundle on the store shelf was a bit too good of a deal to pass up , so I picked it up.First impressions on the game design - the physics is more heavily involved in gameplay than in any other shooter before or since . In fact , in many cases the gameplay seems to FOCUS on the physics , not on killing enemies . To underscore this , you can actually finish most of the game with only the gravity gun , which -LRB- except in rare cases -RRB- ca n't kill anything directly but can pick up objects to throw at enemies . This is an interesting departure from the norm , but there are times when I think they took it a bit too far . Typically , you 'll start off killing enemies and will have the normal frantic bursts of action , but you 'll eventually run into a puzzle . These are usually something as simple as a locked door or elevator , and you simply -LRB- or not -RRB- have to open it or turn it on . Most of the puzzles can be figured out given a reasonable amount of effort on the player 's part , but there are a few that will undoubtedly frustrate to the point where you simply look it up . I guess this is fine , so long as you are n't highly averse to cheating in such a fashion . I will say , when you do get where you 're going , you do feel a sense of accomplishment at having figured it out.The game 's graphics are pretty good even for now , and voice acting is well done . The environments are well made and look realistic in a sort of grim alien/post-apocalyptic style . It 's nothing that will blow you away after seeing next-gen titles , but it 's none too shabby either . Additionally , the episodes feature graphic improvements . If you have bought a machine anytime in the last 3-4 years , chances are it 'll run smoothly at max settings . The game is quite stable as well , though it does n't seem to like being minimized . One thing to note is that the game does take quite a while to start up and has occasional - and sometimes rather jarring - load pauses . These usually take place in a featureless corridor , and I found that after a while I could tell when it was about to stop to load.The original HL2 is generally a good story and great pace , save for one glaring thing . There are two sequences where you 're driving a vehicle around , and it 's my opinion -LRB- and most I 've mentioned it to agree -RRB- that these are just WAY too long . It 's almost as if the developers were justifying the time they spent making the vehicles work by stretching out these sequences to a ridiculous length . Some other interesting notes are that allies are somewhat useful now , and the variety of enemies is enough that they do n't get overly repetitive . Particularly , there is a point where you get to command an endless horde of weak critters to overwhelm a horde of enemies -LRB- fortunately , not endless -RRB- , which is one of the highlights of the game.The episodes -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- more or less follow the same style of the original . You lose all your weapons at the start of each one , which is rather irritating , and they are n't especially long installments . They largely serve to drive the plot along , which is actually getting interesting enough that I 'm looking forward to the finale . You spend most of your time with Alyx backing you up , which is good if you hate being lonely , but somewhat of a shift in gears from the core game where you 're largely solo . There are a few surprises and new enemies along the way , and enough new environments to make things fun.Additionally , this package comes with Team Fortress and Portal , which are a multiplay shooter and puzzle game respectively . I have n't looked into either extensively since I largely bought this pack to get the Half Life content , but it 's a nice bonus.The only big gripe I have about the Orange Box is something that a lot of other people have complained about - specifically , Steam and the Valve DRM . If you do n't have a live internet connection you CAN NOT play any of the games since it needs to connect to Steam to authenticate you . Steam also performs updates whenever you launch , so patching is not optional and can eat into your game time when you do n't particularly want it to . There were times when I was playing some online game , my internet died , and I figured to just play some HL2 instead ... and after a few minutes sitting on the ` Now loading ... ' prompt I remembered it was n't going to work either . This , like many other aspects of Half Life 2 , is different from any other shooter out there - but not in a pleasant way . Personally , I do n't see why it ca n't authenticate once in 3 launches , or even every other launch . Even that would be preferable to the way it is now.All in all , the Orange Box is a great value if you have n't already bought HL2 or Episode 1 . I 'd hesitate to say it 's a ` great ' value for Episode 2 alone , but this is also available separately on Steam if you already have the rest . For those who have n't tried the core game , it 's a lot of fun and good game time for the price , and unlike most new shooter releases you probably wo n't have to upgrade your PC to run it .
 They say nothing rhymes with Orange ... but what about PWNage !? I guess that does n't either . But it should ! This game rocks!Team Fortress 2 is worth the price of admission for this instant classic collection . The team play is deep and instant . You really find people pairing up as medic and heavy to mow down a field of scouts and engineer turrets . Or people switching classes to fill in a defensive gap . THe healer class is greta fun as is the support engineer . They game is very well balanced with each class able to counter another.The voice acting is hilarious and the charater models are gorgeous . This game will be played years to come , as the graphics are so highly stylized they will age with grace . The depth of each player class and the differing play modes make for a truly engrossing experience . Mix in some achievements , point capturing , Steam 's new robust online community , in-game VOIP and you have a stellar game experience worth $ 50 alone . But wait theres more!The price is simply amazing . Easily the best deal in gaming available out there ! Half Life 2 was great and episode 1 continued that excitement . Portal proves to be great and a fresh take on puzzles , this time in 3D . Episode 2 will be great as well.I am happy i purchased this game and have been able to play Team Fortress 2 for the Steam beta period . I will not stop playing for a long long time ! Great work Valve !
 The Orange Box and its games have gotten over a hundred rewards , and for good reason . Considering that the collection is now on Amazon for $ 30 , I highly recommend that you get this collection ifA -RRB- You 're a fan of FPS gameplayB -RRB- You do n't already have the gamesHalf Life 2 , by and large , is a great game . The story is great , the action intense , and it definitely has plenty of great moments . If you 're skeptical , I suggest downloading the Half Life 2 demo and trying the game out.Graphically , there 's not much to complain about . It is not Crysis , but considering the age of the game , I would n't be surprised . It runs smoothly on my system -LRB- Athlon 64 3700 , 2 gigs DDR 400 ram , Geforce 6800 GT 256 mb videocard -RRB- . Gameplay wise , as mentioned before , the game has plenty of good moments , though I do n't see it as much of a breakthrough to me . The game gets better and more immersible in the included expansion packs however.Portal is a very unique puzzle solving game . It is also very challenging -LRB- at least to me -RRB- and can thus be very frustrating . However , it is a rewarding game and I love the humor in it.Team Fortress 2 , unlike other online FPS games , is truly team based . It is the kind of game in which sides win or lose not because of a single maverick , but because of how well coordinated a team is . The classes are remarkably balanced and set in such a way that weaknesses and strengths are always complemented with other classes -LRB- hence making the game more team oriented -RRB- . Overall , the collection is definitely good and definitely worth the money . Half Life 2 is a great game , as is Portal and TF 2 . I thought Steam was a bit confusing at first , but I do n't find it particularly annoying and I do find it useful for communication and organization . However , because you need to have access to Steam to play the games , INTERNET ACCESS IS ALWAYS REQUIRED TO PLAY THE GAMES , EVEN IF THEY 'RE SINGLE PLAYER GAMESIf you do not have internet , DO NOT GET THIS COLLECTION.If you do n't have the games already listed , then I highly suggest you get the collection . I do n't think you 'll regret it .
 Half-Life 2 is fun and gorgeous . Even 3 years after its release , it 's still got the punch to stun , awe and envelop you in its complex web of puzzles and fast action . Portal is addictive puzzle gaming and even the Episodes provide more action and good story . TF2 ... well , let 's just say that it 's more fun than should be legal . You can read any review of any part of this Orange Box and believe what they say about how GOOD the games are.However , you can not possibly know how awful Steam is unless you click every attachment in spam emails that you get . Steam is a virus that runs your games for you and inserts itself between you and a good time . Constant validation bugs ensure that you 'll be sitting there watching Steam validate for hours on end without changing instead of playing TF2 , or Steam crashing on you just before you beat that puzzle in Portal you 've been working on for hours . Or it just spams you with ads for other games when you open it up . Support ? DO N'T MAKE ME LAUGH ! When Steam hangs on you , the ONLY solution you 'll ever get is to spend 6 hour reinstalling/redownloading Steam and all your games and reupdating them . Then , after Steam hangs again , you uninstall it and go buy games that let YOU own them ... not lease them from this infernal agent of irritation.Steam is the WORST thing to ever happen to gaming and I join the other reviewers in wishing its creator to be shot into the sun from a giant cannon using ... STEAM power.Blarrrrgh , Steam sucks as much as HL2 and TF2 rule . If you want the fun , you 'll have to put up with the pain of Steam.This being said , I will never , EVER , EVER , EVER buy a game through Steam , nor will I forgive Valve for implementing a system that is a giant ad delivery system .
 Some comments on the 3 new components of this 5 game package.Episode 2 ... a worthy sequel to Episode 1 ... In fact , qualities good enough -LRB- IMO -RRB- to think that it might have contended for single player , Game of the Year * , -LRB- however , its shorter overall length would probably preclude this honor . -RRB- This game was all that I 'd hoped for ; it has some great battles , an extended car driving component , an interesting new weapon -LRB- towards the end -RRB- , a compelling story line , a hint of humor and a touching , emotional ending.In addition , it has smooth flowing graphics , well sync 'd voice and lip movement and a few interesting puzzles . Also , the way the other characters -LRB- i.e. Alyx , Dr. Vance etc. -RRB- watch you and turn their bodies to adjust to your position -LRB- Freeman -RRB- is remarkable ; very realistic.My only small complaint would be that the first quarter of the game was a little drawn out and repetitious ; however this is only a minor concern in an otherwise incredible PC game.Easily 5 Stars ... more if I could . ***** Portal ... quirky and different but fun!A rather unique , single player puzzle game that involves going in and out of doors ; doors you make with -LRB- what else -RRB- , your portal gun . However , this task is not quite as easy as it sounds ; to accomplish your goals you must use strategies of lateral thinking , timing and momentum to get through all 19 different levels . Of course the challenges become more complicated as you progress and to win the game -LRB- and escape -RRB- , you must defeat the increasingly neurotic test-facility robotess in the finale . Great fun!This spacial concepts took a little time to get use to , but once the basics were mastered this was an interesting and fun exercise in abstract thinking and puzzle solving . 4 Stars . ***** Team Fortress 2...non-stop actionAn excellent addition to the original TF . The gameplay could best be described as multiplayer chaos , with everyone running around like mad trying to survive . It is , however , great fun . 5 Stars.Conclusion : Great value for the money ; 1 new game , 2 new sequels , plus a couple of old games thrown in -LRB- games that , for anyone who likes this genre , has already played long ago -RRB- . Overall package ... 5 + Stars . * other nominees for single player ` Game of the Year ' might be ` Bioshock ' and `` Call of Duty 4 ' , with ` Timeshift ' and ` STALKER-Chernobyl ' close runner ups and ` Crysis ' in a more distant grouping .
 This review is written only for those who are new to computer gaming or `` First-Person Shooter '' gaming , or perhaps family members seeking games for those who enjoy that genre . There are hundreds of reviews on Amazon and elsewhere written by and for people who know what they 're talking about . This is a review by the clueless for the clueless.I had literally no experience with computer games more sophisticated than Solitaire and Minesweeper . It really is not my thing . But , intrigued by some friends ' discussion and the low price of the `` Orange Box '' special , I decided to take the plunge just to see what they were talking about . Here are some of my impressions ; I have tried to note things that would have helped ease some confusion for me if I had known them before buying.WHAT THIS IS : The `` Orange Box '' is a combo deal on several popular computer games from the same company -LRB- `` Valve '' -RRB- . The central product is an older game , `` Half-Life 2 '' , and two recent follow-up add-ons to it . Also included are Valve 's successful games `` Portal '' and `` Team Fortress 2 '' . Thus , the set contains five separate games of three distinct types -LRB- the `` Half-Life 2 '' sequence is three games with connected themes and content ; the other two are different -RRB- . All are very popular
 For the price of a single A List game title -LRB- For instance , Bioshock -RRB- you get five here in the Orange Box . The price is undeniable for anyone that enjoys Puzzles , Shooters , Multiplayer or just games in general.Half Life 2 and it 's Episodes , One and Two , are all included in the Orange Box . A physics based shooter/puzzler that is usually referred to as the very plateau upon which the greatest games of all time sit . Half Life 2 grants more then 20 hours of gameplay if one were to take their time , and both of the episodes grant about 5-10 hours each . A plus is that if you already own Half Life 2 , or Episode One , you can give them to a friend through Valve 's Steam platform free of charge.Team Fortress 2 has been a long time coming . After Team Fortress in around 1995 and Team Fortress Classic nearly 10 years ago , the only whispers from Team Fortress were cancelled , but brought back in 2006 with a cartoony Pixar like style that really lends a lot to the experience . It 's basically 100 % multiplayer all out action in which you pick a class with specific over the top skills . -LRB- The soldier can use his rocket launcher to launch himself high into the air , the spy can disguise as an enemy team member , etc. -RRB- It 's pure fun , well worth at least 40 of the 50 dollars for the package.Portal is a mind blowing experience that can be hard to describe . A specialized tool carried by the player opens portals on flat surfaces to completely unconnected parts of the map . There is no shooting of weapons done by the player while navigating through 20 + puzzles that require use of the `` portal gun '' to finish . The game itself is far too short for such an interesting and gripping idea , able to be completed in under two hours , but more time can be squeezed out of it with medals completed in least footsteps taken , fewest portals shot , etc , along with an easy method for adding community made maps.Alltogether , bought seperately , these games would cost 100 + dollars , but they only ask half of that . An undeniable deal for anyone that enjoys shooters , multiplayer , puzzles , or teamplay , the Orange Box has something inside for everyone .
 We love portal , and we play Team Fortress 2 non-stop all night , every night . We can barely fit our review of Team Fortress 2 into this review space but you can see the other full reviews of the other components on our bellaonline website . ----- One of the three games in Valve 's `` Orange Box '' package , Team Fortress 2 is a long-awaited sequel -LRB- announced in 1998 -RRB- to the original `` Team Fortress Classic '' mod for Half-Life 1 . Despite the abhorrently long delay , this game is worth every second of development.Team Fortress was one of the first big games to use classes , each with their own weapons and specialty . Following either a Capture The Flag or a Control Point objective type , players combined the unique abilities of each class to capture their objectives . TF2 has kept this basic premise , and added a wicked , madcap sense of humor and colorful stylistic choices to it.There are 9 classes in the game each given their own weapons -LRB- including a unique melee weapon -RRB- , abilities , and personalities . First is the scout , who is the fast character who is meant to rush in , get the flag , and get out . In TF2 , the Scout has a smart mouth and constantly wisecracks as he downs foes with one of his three weapons - a shotgun , a pistol , and an aluminum bat . The Soldier is next - a grunt armed with a rocket launcher , a shotgun , a shovel , and a military drawl . The soldier can `` rocket jump '' by firing at his feet , which injures him but launches him far upwards . The Pyro is armed , as one might guess , with a flamethrower -LRB- as well as a shotgun and a fire axe -RRB- and is the game 's least comprehensible character - muffled as he is by his flame-retardant suit and mask . The Pyro is meant to ambush characters , due to the flamethrower 's short range , but if he can get in close and start spraying fire and setting enemies ablaze , the kills just rack up.The Demoman is a bit of a quandary - a self-described `` black Scottish cyclops '' , he is equipped with two grenade launchers -LRB- one that launches regular grenades , one that launches remote-detonated `` sticky '' grenades that can be used as deterrents for enemies proceeding carelessly through doors -RRB- and an empty bottle as a melee weapon . The Heavy is perhaps the game 's most recognizable character - a huge , Russian man armed with a minigun . Gameplay for the Heavy consists of firing or winding up the character 's huge weapon , or on occasion using his backup shotgun or his mighty fists . The Engineer is one of the more intellect-oriented classes in the game ; not adept at physical combat , the Engineer prefers to build gadgets to help his team . The devices that can be built are a sentry gun -LRB- an automatically firing turret that can be upgraded to three different levels of weaponry -RRB- , a dispenser -LRB- which gives health and ammo -RRB- , and a teleporter . All of the engineer 's devices require metal to build or upgrade , which is gained by collecting ammo from fallen enemies . The Engineer 's personality is laid-back , with a southern drawl more relaxed than the Soldier 's . The Medic is the main support unit for any team - with the use of his healing Medigun , the Medic is responsible for keeping his team alive . Furthermore , after healing enough , the Medic can use his Ubercharge ability to render himself and a target invulnerable for roughly ten seconds . The Medic has a German accent , perhaps a nod to the stereotypical Mad Doctor . Snipers are Australian Bush Rangers armed with high-powered rifles . These rifles charge up their power , but only when zoomed in ; this encourages snipers to wait and time their shots , rather than using the sniper rifle as a really accurate close-combat weapon -LRB- as seen in Counter-Strike -RRB- . Requiring reflexes and accuracy , the Sniper is a highly specialized class , and every map has windows looking out over a large battleground for the Sniper to fully use his abilities . Finally , the Spy is perhaps the most complex class . Capable of taking the appearance of an enemy unit -LRB- to allies , he appears to be wearing a paper mask with the target class ' face drawn on it -RRB- , the Spy must try his best to infiltrate the enemy and take them out - through backstabbing , sappers -LRB- which disable engineer tools -RRB- , and good old-fashioned misdirection . As a backup , Spies can cloak themselves , useful for infiltrating and exiting the enemy base . While Spies can not be easily detected , certain suspicious behaviors can be noted and so a Spy must try his best to blend in - for example , not charging the enemy base from his own base , where no regular soldier would be doing so.These nine classes form the wildest , most madcap First Person Shooter in recent history . Set on six different stages -LRB- the development team states in the in-game commentary that more were considered , but playtesters noted that players usually only play maps that they really like over and over , for example De_Dust in Counter-Strike -RRB- with a Mad Scientist theme , players join either the BLU -LRB- Builder 's League United -RRB- or RED -LRB- Reliable Excavation Demolition -RRB- teams . Both sides are fronts for secret corporations , and the maps revolve around capturing secret data -LRB- the equivalent of CTF -RRB- or important secret bases housing nuclear weapons or laser beams -LRB- the Control Point game type -RRB- . The graphics are the most noticable and unique new feature to the game . Using a cartoonish style and shading/lighting type , the characters and maps are designed to let the characters stand out and be identifiable by their color , class , and weapon -LRB- in that order -RRB- . The result is fantastic - TF2 's style is possibly the best use of a cartoonish style in a video game that I have seen . Each character is vibrantly alive and unique , a fact further fleshed out by their in-game taunts and sounds -LRB- many taunts activate automatically when certain conditions are met - for example , if a Scout kills a Heavy with his bat , there 's a sound clip for that -RRB- . A far cry from the mostly silent and serious setting of Team Fortress Classic , TF2 embraces the ridiculousness and outlandishness present in its gameplay , making light of combatants rushing headlong into their death -LRB- when killed , you get a screenshot of your killer , complete with arrows marking your body and , if you were killed by something explosive , any little parts that are nearby -RRB- . As a whole , this game is a blast . Its frantic gameplay , hilarious voice acting , and strategic simplicity make this a game for almost anyone to enjoy . There 's nothing to dislike about this game - even the small map selection does n't seem to matter because of how involved one becomes with the strategy used in each . This game is brilliant .10 / 10 .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME USED . STEAM GAMES HAVE ACTIVATION THAT IS ONLY VALID FOR 1 ACCOUNTSET UP STEAM ACCOUNT . ACTIVATE IT THEN INSTALL.FOR THOSE PPL THAT DONT GET STEAM . HERE IT IS , THE GAME BASICALLY ISNT ON THE CD . IT IS JUST FOR THE ACTIVATION KEY REALLY.THE GOOD THING BOUT STEAM IS THAT ONCE U ACTIVATED A GAME , IT STAYS IN UR ACCOUNT FOREVER . THE NOT SO GOOD PART IS THAT , U HAVE TO INSTALL IN EACH TIME U PLAY ON ANOTHER COMPUTER IN WHICH U HAVENT INSTALLED THE GAME THERE YET.I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH STEAM WHATSOEVER , MAYBE ITS JUST THE PEOPLE THAT CANT FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONSMAKE SURE U HAVE A PRETTY GOOD COMPUTER , MEANING DECENT VIDEO CARD AND PROCESSORSO U DONT COMPLAIN ON CRAP GRAPHICS.I RUN THIS ON A DELL XPS 7100 PHENOM X6 2.7 GHZ ATI RADEON 5870 8GB RAMI HAVE PRO UVERSE INTERNET SO I GET NO LAGS AND I MAXED OUT GRAPHICS SETTINGS WITH NO PROBLEM
 Let 's be honest . The Orange Box is one of the most epic game packs every released . Not only do you have the award winning and fantastic Half2Life 2 , but it also includes Episodes 1 & 2 . Adding onto the mayhem , Portal is addicting , entertaining , and a ton of fun . It 's all rounded out nicely with Team Fortress 2 . There is nothing really bad to say about the Orange Box except that I bought HL :2 prior and really do n't want to pay for it again .
 Just in case you 've been living in a cave for the last year , or were somehow -LRB- possibly by your own choice -RRB- unable to purchase The Orange Box by Valve , do yourself a favor and buy it.I actually planned to buy the collection of five -LRB- six - if you include Peggle from Steam -RRB- games when it first arrived last year , but was continually distracted up until two weeks ago , when I finally bought it at a local store . I say this without any pretention
 Half-Life 2 Episode 2 is by far the most immersing and graphically rich experience that you can get on the PC today . I 'm not keen on Team Fortress 2 and Portal seems OK . I 'm so pleased that developers still want to churn out top titles like this for people who like to play solo . Keep it coming !
 The whole notion of sticking all these games together for such an unbeatable price blows me away . Anyhow , as a whole the package , the price , and the games cause my rating to bump up to 5/5 stars but I 'd like to break it down by game and review each of them shortly because it is a compilation game.Half Life 2
 This is an incredible package . This includes five games for the price of one , basically.-Half-Life 2-Half-Life 2
 What can I say ? I 'll cover each piece briefly below but overall this is a great deal . Just getting Team Fortress 2 alone is enough ... but getting Portal and Ep2 -LRB- which would normally cost you at least $ 19.99 if not $ 29.99 retail by themselves -RRB- is a steal -LRB- cliche but it 's true -RRB- . Of course , if you do n't have HL2 yet -LRB- where 've you been ? -RRB- then it 's even more of a deal ... Team Fortress 2 - This is one of those games that is fun as hell to play . It 's addictive ... you 'll start to play and look up at the clock to find out it 's 2-3 hours later . The cartoony look actually works and the class system is generally well balanced . Like I said , this alone is worth the price of admission.Portal - It 's really alien to me how this game turned out to be so much fun . I 'm used to shooters -LRB- I 've played nearly all of them ... the good AND the bad -RRB- but this is so not a shooter even though it feels like it sometimes . Figuring out the different ways to use the portals and the physics of the game to get through it and of course the main AI nemesis really make this game a lot of fun . Save often because you 'll want to try wonky things just to see if you could do it.HL2 - EP2 - My only real complaint here is that it was too short . It 's not like it 's an hour of game play -LRB- more like six -RRB- but I definitely did a double-take when it was done ... what ? That 's it ? I want to keep playin ! The fact that it 's bundled makes it easier to swallow but damn if I bought this on its own . I ca n't say there was anything really new that stood out . Sure there 's a new car and some new enemies but it 's still similar fare . Is that bad ? Not really since HL2 and EP1 were great as well . It 's the problem with how they 're handling episodic content ... if it 's going to be episodic , you really need to dish it out more often -LRB- once every couple months or something -RRB- . Otherwise , it feels like you 're getting the short end of the stick ... HL2/EP1 - Just a quick mention that , as touched on above , this is a great game overall . I love the mood ... I love the familiar stuff from HL1 ... I love the graphics and environments ... I like the story ... and I wish you could use the enhanced gravity gun throughout the game ... sooo much fun using the physics engine to do stuff.Steam - What can I say ? You have to have steam installed to run the games ... sorta ... it 's okay and does a decent job of playing nice with file downloads . The Friends feature -LRB- new -RRB- is great . It 's Steam 's version of Xfire in a way that lets you find friends playing the games online and to chat . It still requires you to hit a key combo to get the interface while in game -LRB- sorta like Xfire but a little more jarring -RRB- . If it was optional , I 'd never run it -LRB- save for the Friends thing -RRB- but it 's not so ...
 I already owned Half-Life 2 and Half-Life 2
 This is a great deal , all the games are a lot of fun and this package makes the lot very cheap compared to if you bought them separately .
 Wow . This game package us amazing . 5 games in one , for a price less than most single video games.Portal is the highlight of this package . It is perhaps the most hilarious game I have ever played . The Half-life games are great , too.There are so many games in this package , I have not had time to try out TF 2 yet .
 Excellent package of games . I fully expected HF2 to rival the original , and it 's even better than that first-rate game . I 've yet to play Episode 1 and 2 , so I still have that to look forward to . Portal was a blast ! I 've only dinked around with Team Fortress 2 , so I ca n't say much about it . However , with only Portal and HF2 under my belt so far , I can honestly same it 's money well spent . Everything has run well on my getting-long-in-the-tooth rig , so even if you do n't have a state-of-the-art machine you can still probably handle this collection of games .
 I mainly bought this for Team Fortress 2 and Portal . Both those games a lot of fun . Portal is really short , but the puzzles and humor are great . TF2 has some good gameplay , with some well rounded classes . Those new to the game , may find it a little difficult at first , at least I thought it was hard . I died a lot . But after playing a bunch , I got better and more used to the play style . As of now , I 'm mainly playing as Scout , Soldier , and a little bit of the Engineer.Half-Life 2 is also a lot of fun , although I have n't played the whole campaign , yet . Online Half-life 2 Deathmatch is really fun though .
 Love Half Life 2 and both of his expansions , but I want them to release the final one and be a complete and happy man !! Love PortalAnd Team Fortress it 's really FUN !!
 Wow ... Portal is a great game in it 's own right although a little short , the other two games were good as well but I still have not had time to get to them all . TF2 is gust a great shooter ...
 if ever there should be a movie made from a video game - this is it . Very immersive and fun with difficult challenges along the way .
 This is the best purchase I have ever made . Team Fortress 2 alone is worth $ 50 . Everything else is just a bonus.BUY IT ! : -RRB-
 Half Life 2 , Episode 1 and 2 , Portal and Team Fortress 2 . All truly amazing games especially Portal and TF2.I hope additional Portal maps come out and especially that grenades are available for TF2 at some point . It added flavor to TFC , it would benefit TF2 : DStill , quite all amazing !
 I was extremely hyped for this game and it exceeded all of my expectations . For the sake of you all I shall split this into sections based on the games inside.Half life 2 + ep1 + ep2 : This game is still visually stunning , the story is told very well , atmosphere is executed nicely . Not the game you will spend most of your time on once you get the orange box though.Portal : The greatest puzzle game that I have ever played , GlaDOS is increasingly chilling as the game continues , and the atmosphere of the Aperture Science Enrichment Center is extremely creepy . You will spend a lot of time with this game.Team Fortress 2 : My favorite of The Orange Box , nice visuals without taxing my set up , online is virtually lag-free , VERY balanced , good community , very populated.Overall , this game is worth the purchase , especially at the reduced prices available through amazon .
 I have had this package since last year and have never even bothered playing anything other then TF2 , which is worth the price of admission right there . I have fooled around a bit with HL2 and it seems great but with my limited game playing time I am just too addicted to TF2 to bother.I am not a particularly big gamer but the simplicity of the learning curve matched by the complicated strategy needed to succeed makes TF2 endlessly entertaining . I have even gotten the wife to play a bit -LRB- and I have witnessed other guys online doing the same with their wives -RRB- and she had a blast . I even played some matches against a whole family ; father , mother , son , & 2 daughters . TF2 is just fun for everyone .
 This is a great package deal for Half-Life 2 fans . This was my first exposure to the Half-Life 2 story line and it really makes the game more interesting . You feel more like a part of the story than just going through levels killing eveything that moves . Yes , you can do that as well . Throughout the game you are given directions , clues , warnings , hints , etc. that will let you know what your next goal should be . The game is very intuitive and has a natural feel . The HAVOC physics engine is very cool and produces very lifelike movements and reactions . Even without any maps or walkthrough guides , the game has a good flow and is fairly easy to navigate . I typically play the game on `` EASY '' the first time through just to see the landscape and to understand the objectives . I have previously enjoyed playing both the Quake & Halo games . Highly recommended for FPS players .
 These are really fun games . This was the first time I played these games and was able to get right into them . Portal was a little short , but was fun and differant . I am still working on half life 2 and it is good never a dull moment with a lot of action and then some slower times to find your way out of certain areas or get familaure with a new weapon of re-stock ammo and health . All and all a lot of fun . I have only peaked at Team Fortress , but it looks good as well . Also I am useing Vista home pro , 8 gigs of ram 2.4 gig processor and ATI Radeon HD 3650 for grafics . and have not had any problems with this set up . a lot of game for the money .
 The Orange Box is a must have if you like FPS . Though they are not in the ` new ' bin but I would still rank it above many of those coming out . Offers you the chance to play alone or with others . Not to mention the number of mods out there that are able to make this game an ever changing new game . Definitely a must have !
 I 've actually only gotten to play a little of Half-Life 2 , but I 've beaten Portal so I 'll review that.Portal is an amazing game . It 's one of the most original concepts I 've seen in a long time . And , there 's plenty of replay value since they have Advanced Chambers that you can complete once you 've beaten all the normal chambers . There are also `` challenge maps '' such as beating a level below a certain amount of time.The game is full of dark , twisted humor such as the Sentient Computer GLaDOS telling you `` We at Aperture Science promise to always provide a safe testing environment . If an unsafe testing environment is provided , we promise to always give useful advice . For example , the floor here will kill you ; try to avoid it . '' I think you will find a great reward towards the end when you find out the true purpose of GLaDOS ... The only downside is that it 's kind of a short game , but hopefully Portal 2 will be coming out soon .
 WHAT A GAME.We first start off like the first one in a train only there is no ride this time . In fact the opening of Half Life 2 is a bit of a letdown considering how amazing the first game opened up but the disappointment quickly wears off after you start walking around the train station and get back in the groove of being the Freeman.We soon meet up with old friends and I ca n't tell you good it felt to hear good ol' Doc Kleiner 's voice again . Barney and Eli also make a return and look a lot better this time . No longer does Barney look like he 's highly constipated . Also back are the foes of Freeman which range from the scary to the irritating . The zombies are back , as is the soldiers and the bizarre creaturesOther than Alyx the new character I loved a lot was the bats ** t Father Grigori who was a lot of fun and I actually wish they had made him come along with Gordon out of Ravelholm . Felt bad leaving him there by his crazy self . Do n't know how one man survives a terrifying place like Ravenholm but the Father found a way . Hope he comes back for Half Life 3 . Some new stuff that this game introduces first of is the Zero-Point Energy Field Manipulator , also known as the Gravity Gun . It 's a great weapon that is put to great use in the `` We Do n't Go to Ravelholm '' level in which you can pick up discs and hurl at a zombie cutting him in half . It 's also used to dispatch the crabs , blast doors open , move objects in your way and just really fun to play with.A new feature is the addition of driving sequences . The driving is a bit hard to get hold of at first but after a while you get used to it . Only complaint is that when driving that fast you tend to miss things around you . When you 're walking you can take in all the amazing or terrifying scenery , but when driving they just fly by . You also get to man a boat in this one too which was fun flying over the radiated waters.When it comes to scares and puzzles Half Life 2 keeps up with the original . `` We Do n't Go To Ravenholm '' is by far the most terrifying level on the game . From the sound design which has the zombies howling through the speakers all around you to the creatures themselves coming out of places you last expect . It 's a horrific level that I only play during the day but once you make it through that difficult level you emerge into the sunlight which is like a breath of fresh air.The Orange Box comes with Episodes 1 and 2 as well as the brain twister Portal.Episode 1 is every bit as amazing as Half Life 2 and on some levels even more fun and clever , but it 's criminally short . It would take an experienced gamer less than 2 hours to finish Episode 1 . Episode 2 is a wee bit longer but not by that much . It could also be finished quickly , but length issues aside the two games are something to behold . Half Life 2 left us with a confusing cliffhanger and Episode 1 and 2 fills in the gaps . Although I still ca n't figure out the opening sequence for Half Life 2 , especially the G-Man 's comment `` We Will See About That '' . The G-Man returns in Episode 2 in a vision and it 's also as confusing as ever but it 's still nice to see him pop up for a visit.Portal on the other hand I 'm yet to finish . The puzzles and whatnot in Half Life 2 and the 2 sequels were easy for me to handle and figure out , but Portal is like insane . I ca n't for the life of me figure out where am supposed to be going , but I know someday I 'll figure it out so till then I 'm still on the first level.It was a tough act to follow up what many of us would call best FPS of all time and they nailed it perfectly . The story is a bit weak and predictable and puzzles are too familiar to the first one but it 's still a perfect game from the train station all the way to the G-Man speaking to you at the top of the Citadel and the addition of the revolutionary Gravity Gun makes this a great game for fans of the original and just FPS games in general.HIGHEST OF ALL RECOMMENDATIONS
 The Orange Box offers quite a bit of game in a nice small package and right now its at a great price compared to some other offerings.The game -LRB- s -RRB- have a lot of action and require some ingenuity in problem solving to complete multiple tasks . At some point fairly early in the game series though , the puzzles nearly all have the same solution -LRB- s -RRB- . I think there 's a great opportunity to add some of the features of `` Portal '' to the Half-Life games.There are a few scenes/levels where you are required to drive a vehicle . The vehicle controls are very sensitive and somewhat difficult to control . The one game I 'd compare this to is Halo . Where the Halo warthog was easy to drive but also easy to roll over , the Half-Life vehicles are difficult to steer but do n't roll over hardly at all . There 's a couple of scenes where you literally just drive through them not ever interacting with any of the surroundings . I think adding a few enemies to defeat along the way might add a little level of interest .
 Great set of games to play.Most of them you can play with friends.Which is good.Unless you have no friends.Then it is not good .
 Great game and the graphics are top-notch . Team Fortress 2 is a great multiplayer game and good to have along as HL2 EP2 seemed to be short lived .
 Good fun , portal was very interesting and mind boggling , which gave a good challenge and made you think outside the box on some instances . TF2 is fun , but as online play goes , it 's as fun as the people that plays it , too many immature kids playing it for my taste on the open server . And thinks they 're cool , by uttering profanities every other word.Half Life 2 is ok , did n't care much for the storyline , it just did n't grab me .
 I remember when Half-Life 2 first came out back in 2004 . PC Gamer Magazine rated it at 98 % , it 's highest score ever . After playing , I was inclined to agree . The Half-Life storyline is a simple one -- repel the aliens who have conquered Earth -- but it is told in a very complete and impressive way . Every moment in time , every texture , and every instance in the plot , whether small or great , is completely explainable , even in a sci fi environment . Half-Life 2 is a game that will make you sit back in your chair at the end and ask , `` Did I just play that ? '' Episodes One and Two do n't provide closure like the main game , but that 's because Episode Three is still waiting to be released . Portal , on the other hand , deserves the attention that still surrounds it on the Internet . It is , by far , the funniest puzzle game ever made . It may not be the hardest , or the longest , but you just have to play it . Playing Portal needs to be added to the list of things you do before you die . All I can say about Team Fortress 2 is that it 's a lot more fun than Counterstrike , and I like Counterstrike.As an added bonus , all 5 games come at $ 30 . That is obscenely cheap . Think about it , you could buy two copies of the Orange Box , or one copy of another , single , less entertaining game . Do the math and buy the Orange Box immediately !
 Great ! The only thing that I wish had been mentioned was that is needed Steam to play .
 I could n't say `` no '' to five of the best games ever made in a tiny little orange box . Portal alone is worth the price of these games . I have played through portal and portal prelude more than six times now without even finishing half life 2 yet . Team Fortress two was fun for a while but the server setup is not to my liking -LRB- as all steam game servers are -RRB- and I got fed up with joining empty servers that were displaying 24/30 players . Half life 2 and the following to chapters all follow the standard linear game-play formula that has made this series great . In the end , The orange box is a must have for all gamers . And the end credits for portal = heaven . ... this was a triumph ... = -RRB-
 This is the ultimate pack . It has everything a first person shooter addict wants . I had so much fun playing this game . I did n't play the first half life but I really enjoyed the others.To top all the half life 2 fun you still have team fortress which is a multi player that you can enjoy . I had ton of fun on it and I got a free pass for one of my friends who really enjoyed it as well.To top all of that there is portal which is very addictive and brain teaser . I had several hours playing it , its really amazing . Basically you need to solve some puzzles in it , but its not that easy . you have a gun that shoots portals for you to teleport through.All in all this is the big deal for FPS fans . The value you will get for this is worth every cent .
 All three included games are pretty fun . I 'm not really into the whole horror thriller type of game , like Half-Life 2 , I just wanted Team Fortress 2 , and figured I 'd pay a little more to get them all together . Portal is really cool , but it was very short , which was saddening . Team Fortress 2 never gets old .
 Good value out of the orange box ... TF 2 is amazing and I play online with buddies for my college years . enjoy !
 3 awesome games , Half-Life 2 -LRB- with episode one -RRB- , Team Fortress 2 and Portal , each uniquely entertaining . A great value for hours of play ! There is nothing negative that can be said about this gem from Steam . Highly recommended .
 This game is AWESOME !! The graphics are very good . The game play is very smooth . Portal is amazing ! My favourite game is Half-life 2 . Team Fortress Two is very fun , my sister thinks I am addicted ...
 This is one of the best buys that I have made in years as far as computer games go . I have had the package for over a month now and have only played Team Fortress 2 and Portals . TF2 is worth this price all by itself !!
 Portal , Team Fortress 2 , Half-Life 2 . You get more gaming value for your dollar than any other product out there . Plus , the gameplay of Portal and Team Fortress 2 is unlike anything else out there . Fun to the max !
 I did n't not purchase orange box since I did n't much care for Portal or Team Fortress 2 , however I did download Episode 2 via Steam . An outstanding game . Rich in story line , fine voice acting , tons of action -LRB- the ending scenario fighting the striders is WAY too much fun ! -RRB- , and a graphics engine that not only looks great , but delivers outstanding frame rates on a mid level system -LRB- AMD 64FX , ATI X1900XTX , 2 GIG RAM -RRB- . Never a dull moment and well worth the $ 30 price off Steam . Took me about 8 hours to play through . If you want Portal and Team Fortress , then the Orange Box would also be a smart buy.I already look forward to Episode 3 ! Hurry up Valve!P.S . I personally like Steam . Keeps my games updated , let 's me buy games from the comfort of my home . I do n't think it should prevent you from playing one of the best games ever made -LRB- HL2 + episodes -RRB- .
 For starters I ` de like to say these are a great bunch of games possibly the best availible , and Valve is an awsome company putting out great games , and Im a fan for life . But my main concern is the rants of ignorant people giving `` one star '' reviews . This should be a guide to everyone discouraged by these `` ignorant reviewers '' . First
 The first thing to note is that orange box is more expensive on Steam than through Amazon . So in many ways at that price you can stock this review back up to 5 stars . However Steam does offer this product for $ 10 more -LRB- excluding tax -RRB- . So its interesting that Valve can not compete with Amazon -LRB- or does n't want too -RRB- but I think to be fair in a review it would be best to give an overall review of this product rather than just the Amazon version.The orange box is a compilation . It contains five games . The games all have Valve 's Source engine in common . These are Half-life 2 , Half-life 2
 5 games for half the cost of 1 . HL2 is incredible for those who have n't played it - the best linear FPS I have ever played . Episode 1 and 2 pick up exactly where you leave off in both action and storyline . Portal is a mind-blowing puzzle game which toys with your tendencies and forces you to `` think in portals '' . Add to that TF2 and you have an incredible deal . Buy it .
 The Orange Box is the ultimate gamer 's dream . While a couple of the games included with the package are not very long , namely Episode One and Portal , you will still be provided with endless hours of fun with the included Team Fortress 2 . The engine that the games run on , Source , is very versatile and allows you to lower the graphics enough to play it full-speed if your computer is not great . I was surprised at how great the graphics STILL looked even after I lowered everything to the minimum for my rather-old computer .
 5 of the best video games out there.The 5 games are excelent . I love them all !!! Portal 10/10Team Fortress 210/10 Half Life 210/10 Half Life 2
 Yu-jin Chia , While Steam requires a live internet connection to INSTALL the games , one can play the games offline by simply putting the Steam client in offline mode . Additionally , one can turn off the automatic update feature for the games.Steam is by far the best online game distribution system available . Most others require a monthly fee . A steam account is free -LRB- no setup fee and no monthly fee -RRB- . One simply purchases the games desired .
 Could n't ask for a better PC game . Portal is short but extremely fun -LRB- 3-8 hours -RRB- . Episode two is more of the same from the half-life series , good graphics and even better game play . I highly recommend you pick this up if you have never played half life two yet , its one of the best 1st person shooters out there . Just make sure you have an internet connection for steam -LRB- online software validator -RRB- .
 The best part of this set is that it has Half-Life 2 , Episode 1 and 2 , the surprise hit Portal , and the long-awaited Team Fortress 2 . I played HL2 several times over but I held off playing Episode 1 until 2 came out . This set allowed me to get the the whole set on physical media -LRB- before I was downloading HL2 via Steam -RRB- . I was n't expecting much from Portal , but it 's incredibly clever and witty . I am not much of a TF fan , but the few matches of TF2 I played were fun .
 Anything connected to Half Life 2 is , of course , awesome . But Portal really is just something altogether different . Such a completely awesome game for people like me . I would describe it as part Myst/Riven and part shooter . Which , to me , is perfect .
 This game is a must have for any FPS fan . Portal is awesome but very short . The only complaint I have is that I already owned HL2 and HL2 episode 1 and was forced to re-buy them with the Orange Box . You do get to give these extra copies to a friend , which I have n't done yet . Amazon was a lot cheaper than buying directly through Steam .
 I really enjoy playing the Half Life games . They really pull me into the game . I 'm on the edge of my seat the whole time . And I find myself jumping every time a ` bad guy ' creaps up on me and starts attacking -LRB- haha ! -RRB- . A lot of that emotion can be attributed to the soundtrack and acting.As far as the other games , they 're not bad ... but I mainly bought this pack for the Half Lifes . It was still less than buying just those games separately .
 Dear reader , you need this game.Do you need it for TF2 ? No , not really . TF2 is a fairly amusing online FPS , generally a worthy successor to Team Fortress for Quakeworld . But , really , I was tired of that game nearly a decade ago , and TF2 does little to rekindle my interest.Do you need it for HL2 ? Maybe . I have n't even played it yet . I thought Half Life was a fairly decent PC game in its day , but nothing about the sequel -LRB- either episode ! -RRB- has me excited . Still , it 's nice that they give you this.No , you do not need these things . The game you need is Portal , which is the best single player game in recent memory.Setup - you 're in a lab . You have a portal gun . You can create 2 portals - blue and orange - using this gun , and entering one portal will send you out the other portal -LRB- conserving any momentum you may have -RRB- . You can stick these portals on many -LRB- but not all -RRB- surfaces throughout the game to progress through various experiments and traps.That 's it . That 's the whole game . One gun . Two portals.The concept is dead simple , but the puzzles can be deceptively complex . It 's not rocket surgery , but sometimes you 'll sit staring at a puzzle for a few seconds only to have a light go off in your head . When you 're done , you have this moment of triumph , smugly thinking about how clever you just were.Of course , you 're not really the clever one here . Everybody who plays Portal feels the same way . Portal is the clever one.Portal 's smart simplicity goes beyond the gameplay , with an equally simple story that 's told in a fascinating fashion . GladOS - your computerized captor - taunts you over the intercom the whole way , slowly revealing its psychopathic nature and ultimately pleading with you and promising you delicious cake . Even the end sequence is pure genius , as the credits roll in beautiful retro style , complete with the voice of GladOS taunting you in song.Portal is not a long game . In fact , it 's a really short game . But at $ 30 , it makes the Orange Box the best value in gaming.Buy it .
 I have n't played Team Fortress 2 for the sheer fact that it might be too addictive , but HL2 , the whole series is taking up enough of my time that I 'm falling behind on work and now have to catch up.Also , Portal is AWESOME . You ca n't go wrong with this package .
 The games are great and the price is amazingTF2 is fun even thow its cartoonie.the rest are the games are great to : D
 Orange box is probably the best game/s I 've ever purchased . Individually , none of the games are the `` GR8TST EVAR ! '' but they are all excellent games packaged together . Portal is an incredibly fun , original game that made me laugh the entire way through it . TF2 is a fun online multiplayer FPS because it is so simple . The Freeman still rocks the crowbar , even if he ca n't kill `` friendlies '' trying to help him.STEAM - LOVE IT OR HATE IT?When I was first intro 'd to steam , I hated it . Now that I 've gotten used to it and understand it , I love it . I travel a lot , and I can go to a OK computer anywhere , log in , download a game and play it . The friends on steam is also a nice touch , no more phone calls `` Hey , what server are you on ? '' Game updates and patches are automatically installed . The other great thing about VALVE , STEAM , and the Orange box is that I could gift my copy of HL2 to someone since I already owned it . That is awesome of VALVE.Overall , if you can deal with using STEAM , get the Orange Box ! but remember , THE CAKE IS A LIE !
 I got this game for the package , but when I began playing TF2 , it was the only game I was playing . This is the most fun and addictive game I had since Counterstrike
 If you ask me , Portal and TF2 are both so fun that either one of them would be worth the price I paid for this . The fact that you get both * and * Half-Life 2 Episode 2 makes this one amazing deal.TF2
 Excellent price for 5 triple-A quality games . Lives up to the hype ... and if you already own HL2 and episode1 , Valve -LRB- through Steam -RRB- lets you transfer those licenses to a friend .
 Do n't buy it used for PC . It uses an activation application called `` Steam '' to install and make sure that only the original purchaser can use it . Its not a problem if you buy it new , but , if you buy it used , it will be simply unusable . Also , if you still want to buy it , go download `` Steam '' for FREE -LSB- ... -RSB- and buy it from there . It will be cheaper -LRB- no need to pay shipping/handling or other extra fees -RRB- and it 's guaranteed to work . I recently purchased 22 games , including all the ones in this CD plus games like Counter Strike and both Left 4 Dead games for under $ 50 .
 What more can be said ? You have here a collection that includes three of the best games ever made , plus two expansions , for less than the usual price of a single title.If nothing else , Team Fortress 2 by itself makes it worth it . TF2 really is the funnest multiplayer experience out there , and it keeps on getting better and better . Major pieces of new content are being added to the game THREE YEARS AFTER RELEASE . FOR FREE . It 's also a really easy game to get into - easy to learn , hard to master.Tips
 Ignore all the reviews about Steam being `` Spyware '' and `` DRM '' ridden . These are written by people who are ignorant to what Steam actually is and how it works - despite how extremely simple it is.Yes , you do have to install Steam , but it is a relatively small file and has a very small memory footprint -LRB- it currently takes up 13mb of RAM , whereas Firefox is using 93 -RRB- . Yes you have to make a -LRB- FREE -RRB- account that does n't require anything more than an email address . And what are the benefits of this system?When you buy a Steam game , you put in the serial code that it comes with and the title is PERMANENTLY added to your Steam account . That means , even if you break the disc , or lose the serial number , or have a computer crash - You still have free access to that game FOREVER.I can go anywhere in the world with an internet connection , onto any PC , download Steam , enter my info , and my entire list of purchased games is immediately available to be downloaded again for free.Also note that when buying a game on a disc like The Orange Box , you do have the ability to install the game directly from the disc . It just simply needs to connect to the internet once to register the game to your account.Steam is saving the PC gaming industry.Oh yeah , and The Orange Box is awesome - I own it for my PC , and my Xbox 360 .
 The Orange box retail item is one of the best sets I 've ever purchased . As far as first person shooters go , Half life 2 ranks among the finest Jam packed with action , realistic graphics and physics that you would think would bring any respectable machine to its knees , but actually it 's easy on the system resources -LRB- My machine is over a year old without any major upgrades except a memory upgrade from 2 gb to 4 gb -RRB- I did n't need to scale anything down ! This game has it all , an excellent plot , storyline , even a burgeoning under-the-table love story . Weapons are diverse and realistic looking , and actual gameplay leaves nothing to be desired from bifurcating zombies with circular saw blades , to disintegration via unstable fusion cores . If Half life 2 leaves you wanting more you have 2 extra `` episodes '' to play with ; action , graphics , physics are all the same some extra characters are introduced all-in-all the other episodes are just as good as Half life 2 albeit not as long . If you 're looking for some intellectual gameplay that tests your cognitive abilities look no further than Portal , a game that takes place in a strange lab that seems like nothing more than a testing arena but slowly reveals its sinister purpose . Team fortress 2 is also an excellent multiplayer game that is based on the half life engine .
 I could n't be happier with this group of games . I 've played through the series so far and have to say , I was more than impressed with this installment . I was able to purchase the Orange Box for about $ 30 , which definitely sweetened the deal . For what you get , it 's definitely worth it , especially when compared with Episode 1 , which I believe I paid close to $ 15 for.Half-Life 2 and Episode 1 I already owned , but both are excellent games . Graphics , physics engine , story , gameplay , all extremely well done . Some elements parts of Episode 1 were a little disappointing , but it was a still an excellent game . Being the first attempt at Episodic gaming for the series , there were sure to be some bumps to work out , but they more than made up for the lack in Episode 1 with Episode 2 . Episode 2 had much more of a cinematic feel to it which worked amazingly well for the experience . The story really starts to pick up and gets much more interesting at this point as well . On top of everything else , one of my favorite parts of the game was somewhere around the half-way point in which you get a car . This was by far the funnest part of the game . The handling on the vehicle was great , they must have improved from the vehicles in the series thus far . The scenarios in which you use the car are very well planned as well , further enhancing the experience . For brevity 's sake , I 'll just say I wanted to play Episode 2 again before I even finished it , it was that fun . There certainly are challenging portions of the game , but not to the degree of frustration . Also worth mentioning is the introduction of achievements which further improves its replay value.As for Portals , I loved this game . The gameplay , again , is outstanding and while the concept is simple , they execute it perfectly . Beyond the story , there are advanced maps and challenge levels -LRB- fastest time , fewest portals , fewest steps -RRB- . There 's also the ability to import new maps . There are a number of resources online already providing new maps , so the possibilities are nearly limitless.Team Fortress 2 , I have n't played much yet , so I ca n't say much . I 'm sure other reviews could do a better job than I can with my limited experience , but I can say that even if this was n't included in the Orange Box , the compilation would still be worth purchasing.Coming from someone who previously owned 2/5 games included and have only really experienced 2/3 I did n't already own , I can still say this purchase is definitely worth while and , especially at $ 30 , is an incredible buy . Best $ 30 I 've spent on PC gaming in quite some time .
 The games in this set have been released for a while -LRB- except for Portal -RRB- but all still have an amazing appeal . If you want to be fulfilled in your gaming experience -LRB- Half-Life 2 -RRB- and then some -LRB- Team Fortress 2 and Portal -RRB- I recommend this set .
 We bought the game solely for Portal . Have n't even bothered to touch the other games yet.Portal is simply amazing though . The characters , although really , there are only two -LRB- unless you count the companion cube =P -RRB- are very well thought out and really interesting , you 'll get pulled into the story and wo n't want to stop until you figure out what is what . -LRB- And even by the end , there 's still loose ends that make you really want more -RRB- . Great game , great story , let 's just hope to death that there 's a SEQUEL !
 Okay , so I 'll admit to being one of the five people that has n't even touched Half Life 2 until now . I did play through the original Half Life , and its difficulty -LRB- especially in the later stages -RRB- was a bit of a turn-off . Personally , I think that when the game practically necessitates cheating to complete it , it 's a bit too much . That said , seeing this bundle on the store shelf was a bit too good of a deal to pass up , so I picked it up.First impressions on the game design - the physics is more heavily involved in gameplay than in any other shooter before or since . In fact , in many cases the gameplay seems to FOCUS on the physics , not on killing enemies . To underscore this , you can actually finish most of the game with only the gravity gun , which -LRB- except in rare cases -RRB- ca n't kill anything directly but can pick up objects to throw at enemies . This is an interesting departure from the norm , but there are times when I think they took it a bit too far . Typically , you 'll start off killing enemies and will have the normal frantic bursts of action , but you 'll eventually run into a puzzle . These are usually something as simple as a locked door or elevator , and you simply -LRB- or not -RRB- have to open it or turn it on . Most of the puzzles can be figured out given a reasonable amount of effort on the player 's part , but there are a few that will undoubtedly frustrate to the point where you simply look it up . I guess this is fine , so long as you are n't highly averse to cheating in such a fashion . I will say , when you do get where you 're going , you do feel a sense of accomplishment at having figured it out.The game 's graphics are pretty good even for now , and voice acting is well done . The environments are well made and look realistic in a sort of grim alien/post-apocalyptic style . It 's nothing that will blow you away after seeing next-gen titles , but it 's none too shabby either . Additionally , the episodes feature graphic improvements . If you have bought a machine anytime in the last 3-4 years , chances are it 'll run smoothly at max settings . The game is quite stable as well , though it does n't seem to like being minimized . One thing to note is that the game does take quite a while to start up and has occasional - and sometimes rather jarring - load pauses . These usually take place in a featureless corridor , and I found that after a while I could tell when it was about to stop to load.The original HL2 is generally a good story and great pace , save for one glaring thing . There are two sequences where you 're driving a vehicle around , and it 's my opinion -LRB- and most I 've mentioned it to agree -RRB- that these are just WAY too long . It 's almost as if the developers were justifying the time they spent making the vehicles work by stretching out these sequences to a ridiculous length . Some other interesting notes are that allies are somewhat useful now , and the variety of enemies is enough that they do n't get overly repetitive . Particularly , there is a point where you get to command an endless horde of weak critters to overwhelm a horde of enemies -LRB- fortunately , not endless -RRB- , which is one of the highlights of the game.The episodes -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- more or less follow the same style of the original . You lose all your weapons at the start of each one , which is rather irritating , and they are n't especially long installments . They largely serve to drive the plot along , which is actually getting interesting enough that I 'm looking forward to the finale . You spend most of your time with Alyx backing you up , which is good if you hate being lonely , but somewhat of a shift in gears from the core game where you 're largely solo . There are a few surprises and new enemies along the way , and enough new environments to make things fun.Additionally , this package comes with Team Fortress and Portal , which are a multiplay shooter and puzzle game respectively . I have n't looked into either extensively since I largely bought this pack to get the Half Life content , but it 's a nice bonus.The only big gripe I have about the Orange Box is something that a lot of other people have complained about - specifically , Steam and the Valve DRM . If you do n't have a live internet connection you CAN NOT play any of the games since it needs to connect to Steam to authenticate you . Steam also performs updates whenever you launch , so patching is not optional and can eat into your game time when you do n't particularly want it to . There were times when I was playing some online game , my internet died , and I figured to just play some HL2 instead ... and after a few minutes sitting on the ` Now loading ... ' prompt I remembered it was n't going to work either . This , like many other aspects of Half Life 2 , is different from any other shooter out there - but not in a pleasant way . Personally , I do n't see why it ca n't authenticate once in 3 launches , or even every other launch . Even that would be preferable to the way it is now .
 I purchased this product almost a month ago , and I 've admittedly only played TF2 and HL2 -LRB- have n't gotten around to Portal yet -RRB- , but this was an excellent value . It does take time to set up the required steam account and download all the needed software to play , but it 's well worth it.The main reason I bought the product was to play TF2 , and I would have paid the full price just for that game alone ... an excellent online experience , truly a team game .
 Orange box if full of Orange goodness ! Perfect length of play with Episode 2 . Storyline is great , and while required skills are much like all the other Half Life series , its a blast -LRB- literally -RRB- ! The other items are also as much fun or more . Worth every penny and then some .
 I have n't even touched Half-Life 2 yet , and spent limited time with Portal , which is also a blast , but I think the focal point of the game is Team Fortress 2 . Just an overall fun game , great characters , great maps , great weapons , great effects .
 Make no mistake that this game is the best of all PC games . Full of surprises , the blockbuster of all ! Or , you could play another game and waste your time.But , if you would like to save money and have already purchase the original as well as Episode 1 , purchase Episode 2 from STEAM -LRB- this may save you some bucks -RRB- .
 The Orange Box is a great value for the price , especially if you add up the cost of buying each game separately from Steam . I am very satisfied with this purchase . I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because I have only actually played two of the games -LRB- HL2 and TF2 -RRB- , so I ca n't really say that the whole product is great , but what I have played so far has been .
 The orange box , must have been a mistake . You get five very good games for the price of one . Almost seems too good to be true , but that is what they have done . Do not be disappointed when you play the episode 2 and you think it is to short . Portal and Team Fortress more than make up for this , very good deal and worth the money .
 Orange box is the best video game value I 've seen in a long time . Portal alone is worth the price .
 Came as specified in brand new condition . Orange box is awesome , and it 's the best deal for the money . I highly recommend it .
 The HL series is simply one of the best games you can play as a FPS . The Orange Box gives a great package for those who have n't played the ones prior to Episode 2 . It 's a complete set of HL2 , Episode 1 , Episode 2 , Portal and Team Fortress.The game looks beautiful and can run on a normal PC with a decent , mainstream graphics card . In this day of DX 10 and dual core processors being the `` minimum requirement ''
 This game pack is great . HL was a tad short but portal makes up for it . Portal it self is worth the price of the orange box .
 This is a great game . It is also interactive , you can play wth other real people , and not have to pay for a monthly subscription to do so , unlike other games out there.It is very addicting !!
 every game that it comes with is a great stand alone game , and to get them together for the price of one game is a realy great deal .
 $ 30 is all I paid and it was worth evry penny.Portal is a fun 1st person puzzle game . It 's the reason I bought Orange Box . Team Fortress 2 is such an improvment on the 1st one ! It 's incredible fun . I 'm not much in to Half Life 2 single player , but Ep 1 and Ep 2 do add more content to the wonderful Half Life 2 game . I already had Hald Life 2 , so I was able to give the extra copy to a friend so they can enjoy the game as well ! I really liked that , as I did n't want to waste money on a game I already had.I do n't see any reason not to buy Orange Box . You even get Peggle Extreme which is a HL themed -LRB- demo -RRB- version of Peggle . I liked it so much that I bought Peggle Deluxe from STEAM .
 The game is very fun . But I do n't like the Steam program . It has some positves but overall I found Steam to be troublesome and unhelpful . For example I finished the game and no longer want to play it in any way . I am unable to sell or trade it because of its registration process . Additionally Steam runs in the background and has given my unwanted pop-ups .
 AMAZON RULES THEY SAVED ME 10 BUCKS BECAUSE I BOUGHT IT CHEAPER ON AMAZON THAN ON STEAM PLUS THE GAME GOT TO ME IN 1 WEEK !!!
 Too much fun.As a Huge HL2 fan , I obviously loved episode 2 as it was longer than episode 1 and introduced a few new enemy 's . And then there 's Portal.I heard a lot of hype about this game and thought the idea looked pretty cool but was always kind of wondering `` how good could it actually be '' ? Well , it 's Spectacular . The game fully absorbed me , held my attention , and continuously suprised me until the bear end . A Must play , for sures.Team fortress ? Hav n't really played it but I 'm also not much of a multiplayer/arena type . The graphics look pretty and cartoony though . They have that cell-animation type look .
 Half life 2 episode 2 excels with its clean and sharp video.The storyline continues , however it seems a bit more challenging than the other versions . This should not detract from this game , as the storyline is refreshing with some active surprises around every corner.The biggest drawback , is that it is STEAM Powered . For those of us , that are just in to the single player mode and not in to Online Gaming , STEAM setup SUCKS !!! If you have a 56K connection , or a Satellite -LRB- Hughes -RRB- ISP , you are basically screwed . When the game -LRB- s -RRB- update , it can take forever and with us poor souls that have as an ONLY option the Satellite , it will trigger the FAP -LRB- Fair Access Policy -RRB- , that will then reduce your internet browsing speed to below 56K for the next 24 hours!And Hughesnet really could care less , their solution from those `` very caring '' so called Tech Support persons , is to download between 3:00 AM and 6:00 AM . I am sure , that is when most of us are up and playing a game.So , as long as you have high speed , unrestricted internet , go for it.If not , stay away from STEAM Powered games .
 Portal is a unorthodox FPS . Instead of ` guns ' you have a portal launcher , whatever goes in one portal comes out the other . The goal is to align your portals to remove obstacles -LRB- aka anti-personal guns -RRB- and get you from point A to point B. Say you want to get to a platform across the room which is separated by a lethal gas filled trench . You 'd fire the portal gun to place a portal above the platform , place another near you and jump through it , landing on the platform . It 's harder then it sounds as the game is a giant puzzle and can be somewhat disorientating.Like Half-life 2 , the great thing about this game is that the laws of physics are still in operation . Say , if you place a portal on the ceiling and one directly below it on the floor and shove something through it , the object will increase velocity to blinding speeds . Then you can place a portal as a exit and use the object as a missile -LRB- on yourself for fun too ! -RRB- . The opportunities for mischief and mayhem are bottomless -LRB- do n't mind the pun -RRB- . However , Portal is a pretty quick as a game , but still entertaining . And you 're a girl which is a oddity for most FPS.Team Fortress 2 is in three words
 The Orange Box is nearly a perfect game package . Five games at about $ 50 US is a great deal . What makes this even better is the superb quality of all five of the games.Content Description
 HL2 is an amazing , compelling , well made , beautiful game , Episodes 1 & 2 are just as cool and fun and worthy of HL2 , Team Fortress 2 is probably the most fun i ever had with online gaming , and portal is just spectacular . Portal is a special , truly unique experience . You get 5 top notch games , the best games around in my opinion , for the price of one . Worth every dime and if your a gamer your crazy not to go ahead and buy this . This is by far the best purchase i have ever made in the gaming world , and I made quite a few :-RRB- .
 I can understand why people who already owned Half-Life 2 and Episode One are annoyed that they did n't get to take advantage of this outstanding deal . But Portal and Episode Two alone are well worth the price of the entire set . Easily the best video game purchase that I have made in the last 5 years .
 I really enjoyed these games and had a lot of fun with them . I also got them on sale so it was a great buy .
 Hey , not sure how much anyone else paid for this , but it only cost me $ 20 . Half-Life 2 may be older , but it blows away many modern games . If you 've never played Portal , you are missing out to be certain . Someday , I plan on playing Team Fortress 2 , but the Half-Life games have my full attention and great replay value ! Just started playing through HL2 again ... . and everything is subjective - because unlike another reviewer , I LOVED the times I was driving the vehicles around - especially the hovercycle . In fact , when I got to the destination in the hovercycle sequence , I spun around and doubled back ! Be sure you have a fast internet connection , except the whole Steam-as-a-necessary-evil deal , make sure your PC has the necessary specs and BUY THIS ORANGE BOX !
 No game comes close to the awesomeness of the Orange Box ! 5 of the greatest games oversold in one neat package ! Best buy it new though , it requires a code for activation and used copies normally have that code used . Even still , when you have code , this is possibly the best spending of your money EVER ! If so cheap for 5 games ! And it 's much cheaper then buying each thing itself !
 Lots of game for a little money . The Steam install/update can be a little tedious but once done everything works great . I 'm running on a 6 year old laptop -LRB- w / Radeon Mobility X600 -RRB- and it looks and performs great .
 This set of games is a classic but it is not worth $ 53.00 I got the orange box off steam for 10.00 and it works great .
 I 'll review Portal since that 's the game I played most . It starts out as a very fun puzzle-oriented game but unfortunately at the end the puzzles become less dependent on thinking and more on your keryboard/mouse-clicking skills . You 'll get motion sick trying to hit particular shelves while flying through the air . The story and humor , however , remain constant throughout the game so it 's definitely worth playing .
 I already had HF2 and Episode 1 but figured getting Portal , and Team Fortress 2 in addition to Episode 2 was worth the $ 40 . I was wrong in a good way - it 's worth more than $ 40 and I have n't even tried out TF2 yet.Episode 2 was a pretty linear extension of Episode 1 but I realized I really missed chopping up the Combine and assorted zombies . There were a few challenges that took some substantial effort to overcome and that made it all the better.The real surprise was Portal - way fun and made you think . No spoilers here - but one of the talking entities sounded just like my wife when she 's talking to the dogs ! Now that was creepy.All I need to do now is gift my old HF2 and Episode 1 to a deserving buddy .
 This is the best value out there in gaming today . Everything in this title is easy to pickup and play anytime . They are fun and not the life debilitating jobs that some internet games turn out to be.It comes with a top notch single player FPS Action/Adventure game . Quirky and funny first person puzzle game . And the best team based online FPS game I 've played in years , Team Fortress 2 . Focusing a bit on Team Fortress 2 ... It takes a step back from all the realistic Team based shooters on the market today . It puts you into a stylized world that will remind many people of the Incredibles . The visual style combined with the well bananced gameplay make it a joy to play .
 Why is n't he orange box a complete 5 star blockbuster ? The reason = steam -- you probably know by now by looking at the reviews . The game itself is perfect , the games you get for the price is an absolute steal.Most people would consider steam a flaw but it 's a necessary evil more like . The only flaw is that it is not offline capable straight out of the box , so you 'll have to spend a good amount of time updating . But other than that , steam is a magnificent piece of game management . It updates everything for you via bittorrent and allows you access to all your games in one place -- pretty neat if you ask me . And it 's free.Barring unforseen circumstances like loss of internet connections or pirated games , I do n't see much reason for anyone to complain . Do n't like it ? Pay more and buy the games seperately , otherwise get this because the best game ever made along with a bunch of other games for essentially nothing sounds great to me . Would n't you agree ?
 Ok I got home installed it , and was ready to kill everyone that worked at valve by the time I finished Episode One , started episode two but the taste left in my mouth from one did n't allow me to make it past the first ant spider thing . So I thought I 'd relax and play portal the puzzle thing . I start playing thinking this is fun not half life fun but fun , then I get to end and as I expect I 'm going to be killed -LRB- sorry for the spoiler -RRB- All I can say is that is only the beginning . THIS is by far one of the best GAMES I have ever played , short and leaves you wanting more , more game time and more questions then you can throw a stick at , about half way though you figure out this is one of the most disturbing games but not sure way , OMG this game is so incredible . DID not see that coming and if you have n't started yet , and are dissatisfied with the rest of the package before you dust off the old 30 cal just take Portal for a test drive.ALL I can is PLEASE Valve do n't F@@k up portal the way you F@@ked up Half LifE !!!!!!
 And it really is ! Think about it ... despite the fact you 'll be repurchasing Half-Life 2 and Episode 1 , you 're still getting 3 new gaming bits of content which if you null the price of the latter two , that 's basically about 15 to 16 dollars a piece of each game ... but if you consider all 5 of them at once , that 's basically paying 4-5 bucks depending on where you 're buying , and cheaper the longer it stays out and remains a constant hit on the market!It really is a wonderful bundle of games and will keep your entertained for a good amount of time . I have n't played Half-Life in almost 10 years now and when Half-Life 2 came out in 2004 , I was elated but delayed of enjoying it because of such a ridiculously mediocre computer at hand ... and the constant fear that my hardware would be outdated the minute I got it . With the fear of obsoletion aside , I 've finally managed and figured the best system of computer to buy , videocard that 'll keep me happy and I was on my way from joy 3 years delayed.Best of all , I get the main game , Episode 1 and 2 as well as the expanding , seemingly short-story game that comes along with it , Portal.As a first time experience with Half-Life 2 ... it 's one of those rare games that gives me hope back into the PC game scene with its invocative story , deep , engaging and suspenseful ; I had n't felt like this while playing a PC game since the original Half-Life ... and I was amazed , shocked even , that Half-Life 2 was n't just another game that came out in the span of the new century with pretty graphics and the cliche knack to involve `` physics '' into a game to make it seem more realistic and appealing ... but truthfully , it has pushed the envelope and breaks my mentality and reason of what just a computer gaming can be , not just a game , but an experience ! It 's like watching a movie you get to control and if you allow yourself to become immersed into it , let it happen , because this game is really something you should n't let pass you by.Portal on the other hand , has anyone seen the movie Cube ? I 'll bet everyone has at one point whether they know the movie or not ... but Portal feels EXACTLY like how that movie does , except you 're alone , can makeshift portals , yet the element of open-ended fear and suspense through survival is always about you . This honestly was the first time I 'd been mentally engaged with a game having to strategize , time and figure out your actions that lead to successl which in this case for Portal , failure is not an option , just a humiliation of your intellect ; or that was my take on it anyway . Wan na real challenge ? Try playing Portal through in one sitting ... I 'll guarantee you wo n't be able to without your head spinning from volatile camera and perspective shifts and the fact you 'll have to be critically thinking how you 're going to solve the puzzles and challenges in this game . This game itself could have been a stand alone product by Valve , but considering it was included with this compilation , it was an exceptional addition and one hell of a game.Lastly , there is the holy grail to this cove of treasures , and it 's the Source-powered game Team Fortress 2 . In this original founder and granddaddy of all character-set , team-based gameplay , it has revamped not to be victim of its own hype where all other games such as its own have come . There are no overbearing weapons , no substandard of alternative to result yourself to , there 's only good wholesome fun with all the classes you can play as in this game all bearing some major mettle and worth of their own . The gameplay is awesome , it 's actually an FPS that 's fun to play and the only thing that ruins it , on a personal note , is the fact that your teammates just pretty much suck so if you ever join up in a game full of clanners , leave that server immediately as they more than likely have figured the game and its maps out , working their strategies out on their futile opponents and taking advantage of their disadvantage of those who are still trying to figure this game out ... just stay away and join them much later when everyone gains a good amount of experience under their belt for this game -- it 's just a turkeyshoot for the clanners really.Personal comments aside of the gaming experience and for the whole package of this compilation -- it really is one of the best deals , if not THE best deal in videogame history.It continues a legacy to one of the most provocative gaming franchises ever conceived ... Has a story deeper than any Hideo Kojima 's Metal Gear Solid plotline could have -LRB- Sorry Snake ... but a man who is n't succumbed to nanotechnology-biologics-enhancement and turning 70 years old faster than he grows own hair just does n't seem to cut it ... plus what 's the deal with what the Gears in that new Metal Gear Solid sounding like cows and having long dancer legs ? I just do n't get it ... -RRB- . Finally , an overall experience past being just a game . -LSB- ... -RSB- FINAL THOUGHTSYou can be all about the multiplayer for everyone who considers themselves `` gamers '' and I 'll be treading on minefield littered soil here when I say this , but as much as their are Halo fans , get over that hype ... the story was extended just so they could create `` a trilogy '' and simply so for Microsoft to move on by saying they 've accomplished a feat of FPS gaming for everyone to enjoy ... innovations , some , because Halo was actually a good hit on the gaming scene but as far as storytelling , scope and feel , there are certainly other games that have came out before , even after it , and continue a legacy much deeper and rich of its creation , for those who honor and respect it beyond it 's appeal as just being stated as , `` just a game '' .
 I bought my copy over Steam , but this game package is still awesome . HL2 episode 2 was fantastic , compelling and emotionally taxing . Portal is a great puzzle game . Kept me thinking and had me stumped several times . TF2 ... best multiplayer of the year .
 I mostly purchased this bundle for TF2 and Portal . I find those two games to be entertaining and well done . I find HL2 , however , to be quite disturbing . I can handle aliens rushing me -- in the dark even -- but , there are just some disturbing scenes of blood and mangled bodies in creepy towns that proves too much for me .
 I have played Portal and Team Fortress 2 in the past , but I figured I would finally buy the Orange box for myself and I love Half Life 2 as well . This is a great deal for a whole slew of fantastic games
 5 amazing games for little pricebuy if you dont have the games its amazingbuy it even i you have one or mroe of the games its cheap loli am not valve fanboy but i recommend this alot
 If you like FPS there is no reason not to have this jewel in your library of games ... I can see why so many think a lot of this game . . it has a little bit of everything for everyone ... and at the offered prices there is no reason not to.It does have a few small glitches though ... it would be nice to aim down the sights instead of hip shooting on most weapons ... the crossbow is the only one I see so far that allows that and the zoom feature is nice but it acts as a binocular and you can not shoot from that view , also the weapon selection changes from one episode to another and it would have been nice to keep the same format . It is a Steam download thing , you have to have an internet connection , but that went well even for a 6.3 mps connection . There are Steam games that download from disks or they allow you to and you can sometimes forgo the internet thing . The beauty even though the game has older graphics is it is no strain on your system and can be played in mostly high settings which is a treat ... action is crisp and well thought out . . I use a laptop \ notebook and it plays like a game should like they all should really . These days unless you go all out and get a dedicated gaming set up what with all the new stuff and such GPU hogs it is just plain fun to have a game that looks good plays good and is no strain on the system . . it may strain your brain at times ... almost every situation from about half way through HL2 on to parts or episodes 1 and 2 -LRB- three total -RRB- become more involved in figuring your way out or into other areas ... some can be tedious but when you complete 'em you do get a sense of accomplishment ... just a fun overall game the way games should be .
 This box collection was something I did not regret buying at all . Now I can play TF2 online with my friend plus I can continue the Half Life series and play Portal too .
 You get 3 games for an awesome price . I bought this for Half-Life 2 and Portal . I am not a big fan of team fortress 2 . In any case ... I think the Orange box is amazing . The price is definitely worth it for Portal and Half-Life 2 .
 If you have n't played the games in this compilation , I pity you . This is probably the best collection of games ever , you will not be disappointed . Note that for the PC , Valve has released Team Fortress 2 for free play , so do n't buy this just to get that game .
 Overall a fun game to play with lots of shooting and puzzles.The graphics are a bit dated , but still look great.I would recommend this game to anyone that has an older CPU that ca n't handle the newer games .
 This has three different things . Half Life 2
 Got this for my son as a Christmas gift . Three good games in one package , one happy camper on the computer.Good buy !
 Great game ! I would have thought that another Half Life would start to get stale , but I think they get better and better . Smoother than the original , and just as much , if not more fun ... . and the new achievements are really fun . Not up to the `` Little Rocket Man '' Lawn Gnome one yet . Do a google search on `` little rocket man '' to see what I mean.Also , kudos to Valve for coming up with a pretty non-intrusive way to do copy protection -LRB- after seeing that I would need to go through `` activation '' for Halo 2 I quickly uninstalled it from my hard drive ... . I rebuild my PC at least once a year , and dont need the additional hassle -RRB- . The other games are great also , but I think HL2 episode 2 by itself would have been worth the cost .
 I remember when Half Life 2 came out , the collectors edition was like $ 90 . Now I just purchased the Orange Box on sale for less than half that price . Even if you only enjoy one or two of the games in this collection it is worth the full price . There is no bad game in this collection . I do n't know if I would have bought Portal if it had n't come with the Orange Box , but it 's one of the most fun games I 've ever played . Half Life 2 and the two episodes represent some of the best single player action gaming in history . Team Fortress 2 I have n't played much , but it seems like a deep and well balanced multiplayer game . All in all , this collection is an obvious purchase for anyone who enjoys games , and it is an immediate `` MUST BUY '' if you have n't played many of Valve 's games , because this represents the cream of the crop .
 definetely worth the purchase . episode 2 delves deeper into the story , leaving it with another cliffhanger at the end . the only bad part is the series is over after episode 3 . you get a car for quite a while in this game , which is very fun . the ending is quite hard and challenging , and the accomplishments are fun . with this box you also get portal , which can be numbingly addictive , and also the new team fortress . great game , i highly recomend to any fan of Half Life .
 Having four games in one box makes this game a steal . Half Life episode 2 is a great addition to the series . Team fortress 2 is an addictively great multiplayer game . Portal has a very different feel to it but it is equally addictive . Overall , its a great value with very fun games .
 I have played every version of half-life there is . If you have n't orange box throws them in the box -LRB- play them 1st ! -RRB- . Nice mix of puzzles and first person shooter and a complex and interesting story . Plays well on Vista .
 The Orange Box is hands-down the best value you 'll ever find in a game . This is a must-have for serious gamers and new gamers alike . The only downside is that some of the games are a bit short , but with 5 total games , and some features that make them worth replaying -LRB- achievements and challenge maps -RRB- , you wo n't be disappointed with the amount of play time it offers . If I could only ever own one game , it would probably be The Orange Box .
 The Orange Box is not going to disappoint you . I can pretty much guarantee it.You get everything you need to unlock a whole lot of gaming bliss . Lets start with the big ticket items.HALF LIFE 2
 The surprise hit of this package is Portal - one of the most refreshing , innovative games I 've played in years . Episode 1 is probably the weak link , but Episode 2 if more than worthy of the Half-Life name .
 Definitely value for money . The three new games alone are worth the $ 50 . The only flow is the absence of a linux version .
 Game is awesome . Just like everyone else says . Well worth the money . I wont ever order a game from Amazon again though as it took 3 weeks for me to get in the mail . I am still venting about that a month later ...
 I am not a big gamer , but I loved TeamFortress back in its heyday and I was glad to see that the finally decided to release the long-awaited update , TeamFortress2 . It is as addictive and enjoyable as its predecessor and has all the right features to keep me wanting to play hour after hour -LRB- even when I keep getting killed by spies ! -RRB- . It combines intense action with some nice tongue-in-cheek humor and excellent visuals.What ? There are other games in the box too ? Bonus.I started Portal and it is pretty cool , though I have heard from others that it is a little on the short side , but fun.I have not even fired up Half-life 2 yet.This game pack is a steal ! You must buy it .
 I love this game and am having a blast . Found a walk-thru on line to help get me through . Certainly do able without the guide but I tend to be impatient and get frustrated if I get lost or ca n't find something .
 5 games in one.EXCELLENT story in the HL2 and 2 add ons . Very cinematic and movielike . FUN FUN FUN
 This game is exactly as all the great reviews say . I do n't have much to add , it 's a great game .
 We are getting spoiled . This is a great collection but ... it is more of the same old same old.At least it dos n't require vista .
 It took a while to get Half Life 2 to work , but once an update came out and was downloaded , it worked great !
 1 word is all you need to know . Portal is my fav in the orange box . So mmuch mind bending fun , check out some videos or somehting on youtube to see what im talking about .
 I loved half life and this game was great too . the story was good . It kept me on the edge of my chair , and i could n't stop . Great game . I recommend it if you have n't played
 i love the orange box i love all the games in it but the biggest down sider is it requires stupid steam which i hate steam and i love the game really much its good and has the greatest deal ever 5 games one box
 The Orange Box is simply one of the best deals in video game history . Five A-rated games all in one package for the price of one is never a bad deal.PROS + This will keep you busy for a while . It has everything from classic FPS action , to puzzle , to insane online multiplayer . + The price considering all five games is very low . + The `` Source Engine '' these games run on are very computer friendly and do not lag even on some older hardware . + The `` Team Fortress 2 '' game , personally , has been keeping me busy for well over a year.CONS - For those who do not like Steam , do n't buy this . I personally have no problem with it , but unfortunately to you people it is required . - While thirty dollars for this is still pretty cheap , wait for a sale on Steam to get it a lot cheaper if you do n't mind not getting a physical copy.Every PC game player should at least give the Orange Box a whirl . Try it and you probably wo n't regret it .
 Great game . Only problem is it takes ages to download so that is one BIG negative but game itself makes up for any flaw .
 First I will say that not only were the physics in the game the thing that stood out to me most , it also amazed me how the developers PLANNED for you to take advantage of these things . Walking across the slanting girders beneath a railway bridge while being shot at was definitely the highlight of the game -LRB- along with the organic gravity gun , of course . Who could resist the awesomeness of picking Combine troops up and flinging them wherever ? -RRB- . It 's a great shooter as well , with a pretty decent story . It 'd be nice if Gordon Freeman -LRB- your character -RRB- was capable of speaking at least a little , but it works well enough as is . The very beginning and very ending leave you sort of wondering what weird dimensional things they 're trying to pull , and it does n't make too much sense . That , however , is likely the point , and to be fair I have n't played Episode One or Two yet . Perhaps that 's resolved later.Favorite gun
 Team fortress 2 is one of the funnest games ever made . Half-life 2 is great too . Hav n't tried portal yet . It did take a while to install , but you 'll get over it . Steam has always worked fine for me . I ca n't really say anything negative about it at all . Great package .
 Had a lot of fun playing . It is full of puzzles to be worked out , and bad guys to kill .
 The Cake is a lie , but it is delicious , The box set is the best thing to happen to valve since Steam , get play it and eat delicious cake .
 The physical box of this product is nothing more than a DVD holder and a single sheet which contains the serial number that one needs to register the product , but the value that one receives in the product far exceeds having a glossy multi-page explanation of the game -LRB- s -RRB- within . This particular package is a veritable plethora of incredible game play , and to me - a person who has very little time to play video games - it is very important that not only quality is top notch , but each dollar sunk into a video game gives me that `` ohh '' factor.For the people who have no time , but need a video game - this is your save . Half-Life 2 , Episode 1 , Episode 2 and Portal can be played in small portions without worrying about whether you have to keep up with the story line . I usually have maybe 1 to 2 hours of time to play video games per week , and I can enjoy that time by playing an area , saving and coming back next week . This is especially effective in Portal and Half-Life Ep2 -LRB- which seems to be designed for people like me -RRB- . Each of the areas in Half-Life 2 , Ep1 and Ep2 pack a severe wallop and are often hard to stop playing , but it does n't feel lagged if one were to play one area and save on the road to another - it feels like you 're playing mini-episodes . If you have not experienced the Half-Life universe , this is a must for anyone who even remotely likes video games.An aside
 Each game in itself is worth something . As a whole , it 's not . I enjoyed each game but two of them were short to me.Half-Life 2 E2 is the major game here . Though this really adds to the story , the game was half horrible . For quite a long part of the first part of the game you 're fighting antlions and that 's all . After that it gets more interesting but it still feels unchanged . No new weapons or enhancements that I noticed . It just feels like an extra few levels . That certainly was n't worth 3 years of development.Portal is probably the most innovative game I 've ever played . It completely changes what a puzzle game should be . I wanted to play Portal more than HL2 . However , it 's very short . First time you could probably beat it in 1-2 hours . Second time , 30 minutes . It 's only 19 levels and even though the last level is a lot longer , it 's still a short game.The best value out of this whole thing is Team Fortress 2 . This is the best thing to happen to multiplayer games . It 's ruined by trolls who spend their lives playing FPS games and just play TF2 like it 's deathmatch but if you find a good server it can actually be fun . That 's becoming harder to do , with so many servers setting up teams and such , this gets way too serious and it 's hard to find a server anymore that you can just play and it 's not like you were recruited into the army.My recommendation , wait till it 's cheaper . None of these games are really worth their current price tag together or separate . TF2 has a lot of bugs still and server issues . Portal might not have more levels for a while and HL2 just is n't worth the price .
 Any two of these games would be worth the price . Getting 5 games , any of which I would rate 4 or 5 stars individually , is crazy . If you already have HL2 and/or Episode 1 , the value is still great for just Portal , Ep . 2 , and Team Fortress 2 . Portal was a nice , quick game that had me hysterical with laughter all the way through . It has a ton of style and it 's quite an innovative concept . It 's short , but it 's really sweet , and just the right length for the type of game it is.Episode 2 is just what you 'd expect - a roller coaster ride with immersive environments , interesting plot exposition and fun battles from start to finish . It * is * getting a little old still using the same exact weapons used in Half-Life 2 though . They mix it up with some good new enemies and exciting ` boss battles ' though.Team Fortress 2 is the best value of them all , in my opinion . I have played this sucker for probably hundreds of hours at this point . It 's a light-hearted , hilarious , but still very competitive and strategic online shooter . Easy to play , difficult to master , and almost every round you play is exciting and seems fresh because of the myriad different ways different teams can respond to the situations they 're placed in.All in all , if you like first person shooters , you could n't find anywhere better to spend your entertainment dollars than the Orange Box .
 The quality of these games is outstanding . I can think of no other gaming product that gives you so much value . I know Valve can be annoying but when you combine Episode Two , Team Fortress 2 and Portal in one package , you really are getting a lot of gaming bang for the buck . Portal is rather short but it 's so novel and engaging you 'll have a blast and Team Fortress 2 is a riot . The art work alone on TF 2 is amazing . Be forewarned that you do need a robust gaming PC and a high bandwidth ISP . If not , this could be a frustrating experience . I had the whole thing up and running in about 13 minutes so installation is not as bad as some folks say .
 First , I 'll say that The Orange Box probably represents the best value in gaming history . C'mon , HL2 , TF2 * and * Portal ? Wow . All instant classics , and all massively popular . I 'd like to say something about STEAM . Mainly , I do n't understand people 's anger toward it , and most of the negative info I 've seen posted is flat out WRONG.First of all , you * CAN * run the games offline . Sure , you 'll need an internet connection during install , but after that , just double-click the game in your games list !! Of course , Team Fortress 2 is an online-only game , so you would n't want to play that offline anyway . Cripes!Second , people keep calling it some Orwellian DRM scheme . Orwellian
 Team Fortress 2 has got to be the hottest new LAN Party game for 2007-2008 ! 9 totally unique from each other -RRB- classes , including a pyro/flamethrower , an engineer who can make sentry guns and teleporters , a spy who can cloak for 30 seconds , and disguise him self as enemy forces also , and of course , the scout , with the ability to double jump , and run faster than any other class!Great maps , integrated voice chat , ctf , and kill , kill , kill maps , and easy to use WASD controls!If ur a Source player , the controls will be 2nd nature for you , and if u 've ever played ANY FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- before , you 'll catch on pretty quick also!Also included : Portal
 before you read this and give me a negative review , i just want you to understand that I PERSONALLY HAVE NO PROBLEM USING STEAM . so put down the finger and complain on someone elses post . with that said , i review the games and the games alone , because i feel they are works of art and pieces of artwork that should be appreciated . because apparently a lot of you dont need to play the game in order to rate it . for the majority of people that HAVE played it , it is very fun.I bought the orange box the day it came out , and have been playing it ever since . for those of you who arent in the know -LRB- which i doubt is a lot of you by now -RRB- , the orange box is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- one of the greatest deals in gamer history . there are five games included . Half-Life 2 , HL2 Episode 1 & 2 , Portal , and Team Fortress 2 . i beat portal in a few hours and just finished episode 2 ... then went back and beat portal again . As a gamer and half-life fan , i had to own this . if youre new to the half-life universe this would be a great introduction , and MANY hours of fun . Start with HL2 and then work your way through the episodes . even the game portal will help drive the story , YES PORTAL HAS A STORY LINE.HALF-LIFE 2 & EPISODE 1these two games were released years ago , but as part of the promotion to get new customers familiar with the story line , they threw these in the the package as `` gifts '' that you can give to friends if you already own them . just a quick summary , HL2 has been said to be `` The Best Game Ever Made '' and was originally released in 2004 . it not only has revolutionary game play -LRB- no , im not being paid to say that -RRB- , and incredible audio , but it is a better quality game than many that have been released recently -LRB- which is pretty sad -RRB- . The story and voice acting is top notch , and ive played through it several times . you can also see my review of episode one in my review section.HL EPISODE 2Honestly , this may be one of the most beautiful games ive ever played . and for you half-life fans , you know i mean that by `` beautifully scary , '' as in , watching disastrous events has never looked this good . episode 2 takes you into the white forest , or should i say in search of it . over-looking city 17 , you see the massive spaces that this game provides . its extremely cinematic , with many many memorable moments . from the advisors messing with your vision , to the portal explosions . it all looks fantastic . a nice little tweak they made to the suit was the flashlight . in the previous games the H.E.V. suit wasted aux power by using the flashlight , quickly draining all power when sprinting in the dark . but now the flashlight is a whole separate unit , which is nice . the puzzles are ... what you would expect . fairly easy , however one did make me a little frustrated as it turned out being a scavenger hunt ... dang elevator . the battles are epic , especially with the devastating `` Hunters , '' and the acid spitting ant-lions -LRB- whom are surprisingly effective at long ranges -RRB- . you also get your hands on a beefy new vehicle , which is just plain fun . however , the biggest let down was i never got to use the blue laser combine sniper rifle -LRB- you get so close too -RRB- . theyre probably saving that for episode 3 ! this game took longer to beat than episode 1 , with about 5-6 hours of game play . and ultimately , was much more fun and memorable . it answers questions , but also asks many new ones . and yes , it will leave you hanging ... again.PORTALthis first person shooter puzzle game is quite the surprise . its fairly addictive , giving you the pleasure of wielding a gun that shoots portals . what more could you ask for ?! in fact the only bullets that will be fired are from stationary sentry guns , much like the ones in half-life . the first few `` levels '' introduce you to the portal world and teach you the basic methods of solving problems -LRB- shoot portal A into wall , shoot portal B into wall , walk into portal A and come out of portal B -RRB- . a robotic voice will be your only companion -LRB- other than the companion cube lol -RRB- in the game . she will congratulate you , make witty remarks , get angry and eventually confront you . Yes , not only is it a puzzle game , but it has a spooky story behind it . a story that relates to half-life , and im sure we will hear more about in half-life 2 episode 3 . TEAM FORTRESS 2for the person that loves online FPS 's , this is for you . team fortress is an online shooter that pits two teams against one another . the appeal of the game is the 9 classes . each class has its own strength as well as weakness . its up to you and the people you play with to focus on teamwork and capitalize off of each others abilities . the game looks wonderful , with a clean cartoony finish . but dont let that fool you , for blood and body parts ensue . its like watching a pixar movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.Over all , this is a great deal , 5 complete games for the price of one new release . although some people do hate STEAM 's service , it really has never bothered me . it will work really easily with a fast online connection . but yes , it is a bummer when you dont have access to the internet , because steam wont let you play any games -LRB- unless you change the settings to let you play without an online connection , which you need to do online -RRB- , but many people seem to rate valve products by steam and not the game . dont judge a book by its cover , dont judge a book by its movie , and dont judge a game by its service provider.SO GO AND PICK UP THE CROWBAR ! -- UPDATE -- ive beat episode 2 several times now because i feel that i didnt truly appreciate how great it looks . the AI is better , the Hunters will flank you and earn their name . also watching the poison head crabs scurry for cover is a nice touch . also , portal gets easier and easier to beat , but its still a ton of fun . ive been showing it off to all of my friends , leaving their mouths open . and it does have some bonus maps if you cant get enough of the puzzles . theyre basically the same test maps but made more difficult . and ive been playing team fortress 2 more , and it really is astonishing . it looks like no other online fps on the market , and i really took notice to how nice the sound is . plus the animation is superb . it was frustrating at first , but after learning how to actually use every players `` effects '' its a lot more fun .
 The Orange Box is a great game for all First Person Shooter gamers it really great lots of action , the graphics are great sound is fantastic all around WOW .
 This is a ca n't miss purchase . You get 5 games!Portal is a very entertaining thinking man 's game . It 's not very long -LRB- maybe 4 hours of play time -RRB- but it 's very engaging and fun.Team Fortress 2 is a hoot ! If you love playing the original TF for HL or Q3 then this is a must have .
 5 Games for the same price as 1 ? The price of the Orange Box is worth it for Team Fortress 2 alone , but you also get some great single player games as well.Portal is the most unique game I have played all year . Short , but fun .
 This game is great . Half Life 2 , Episode 1 and 2 will keep you at it for days if you do n't stop . I could n't . This is a great game with unbelievable graphics and physics . The gravity gun is one of the best and most original weapons in any game . Team Fortress 2 is great online and contains tons of different classes that each require different strategies when playing . Portal is revolutionary . You just have to play it to see what I mean . The only way it could be better is if Portal was available to play online , but modders may have that working already . I bought the Orange Box for Portal , and ended up getting far more than I expected . There are also an unlimited amount of third party mods for this game , so you 're not getting 5 games , you 're really getting a TON of games .
 In the face of $ 40 - $ 55/game prices , you just ca n't beat the price and the amount of gaming fun you can get out this package . The only complaint I have is the HL2 games do n't support the XBOX 360 wireless controller for Windows or at least not supporting it well -LRB- some buttons work and some do n't -RRB- . Of course you can buy game profiler software to overcome that .
 This is another great episode of Half Life . It is short like episode one , but it has the most intense battle ever . Portal is also very good even though I do n't usually like puzzle only games . I really enjoyed HL and Portal . These two games justify the price on this package . Highly recommended .
 For ~ $ 50 , you get 5 great Valve games , 3 of which are new . Even if they dont have 60 hour of gameplay like some games , its obviously a good deal.Here 's what you get : - Half Life 2Released in 2004 . It won over 35 game of the year awards . Nuff said.-Half Life 2
 Having been a Half-Life and Team Fortress fan for since the original came out , I was greatly anticipating the release of TF2 and Episode 2 . Wow , the Orange Box was a godsend ! Three great new games in one well priced package . W00t ! And I was n't disappointed by the game play . TF2 rocks!If you 're an FPS player , get out and get you OB now !
 Great collection for the money . If you were a TFC fan , get ready to be again .
 Just started playing HL2E2 and find it as much fun as the first editions . Has some problem with Steam getting my account straight . Seems they like to forget your account info . Lot 's of action and new problems to meet . Highly recommemnd
 The Orange Box is a great deal . It includes Half-Life 2 , episodes one and two , Portal , and Team Fortress 2 . Episode One was a little bit of a let down as far as story and action go , but it did have some really cool visual effects . Episode Two was much better . I also highly recommend listening to the commentary if you want to learn more about the game design . Portal is a great puzzle game and it has some really good unlockables . Team Fortress is fun but it is better if you know people that also play .
 Before buying this game I reviewed it here and was a bit apprehensive due to the negative views of the Steam client . After getting the game and playing it I can say that all the worrying was over nothing.First
 This is the best bang-for-your-buck PC game out there . Half-Life 2 is one of the best games ever made -LRB- just check every review ever written -RRB- , Portal is fun -LRB- if only for a short while -RRB- and Team Fortress 2 is one of the most fun multiplayer FPS games available.I 've had the game for just about a month and I ca n't seem to break away from it ... Halo 3 and Guitar Hero 3 are sitting on the shelf untouched . Way too much fun if you ask me !
 EP 2 is very good . They have redone the weapons , made them better . The game plays very well . Overall a nice little episode , but WAY too short . For the price of the Orange Box I got games I already own and what was left , after EP 2 , was not worth it . Portal was OK . It made me laugh , but was not much value added . Team Fortress , yawn . The reviewers that said this was a great value for the money either buy their games on an expense account or did not previously own HL2 or EP 1 . Then after Christmas they come out with `` own everything source '' for not a whole lot more than the Orange Box . I 'm jaded . Bottom line , EP 2 is a lot of fun , just too darn short for the price .
 I bought this game for $ 25 during black Friday . I honestly have to say this is an awesome deal for what you are getting . I never bought Half-Life 2 nor Episode 1 , but after playing it I can tell you that this set of games is an awesome value . If you were an early adopter you might have felt ripped off after buying episode 1 , but first time buyers will enjoy it . Half-Life 2 is fairly long , but the episodes are extremely short . Portal is a short game but it is still a great game . Team Fortress 2 is what most people will play after beating the other games . The time you will spend in Team Fortress 2 will probably outweigh the time in the other games . Overall the graphics are great , but compared to newer games they are aging . After beating Half-Life 2 and the episodes be sure to download Half-Life 2
 Ah , The Orange Box . More fun than a man should have in one simple box ! Despite a few recent frustrations I have had with Steam and the Valve team , despite a few annoyances early on and spread throughout my Orange Box gaming , this is still , without a doubt , the best game package ever created.First , the `` Billboard '' game in the box is Half Life 2 , Half Life 2 Episode 1 , and Half Life Episode 2 . Yeah , it 's confusing . But it 's just one long story . And a good one at that . Half Life 2 , in its entirety , is a very compelling `` post apocolyptic '' story that goes on from where the original Half Life left off . Well , with a decently sized gap between them . But the game does a great job of mixing science fiction , survival horror , action , and drama all into one . Sometimes a level will be more survial horror , sometimes more action , and sometimes a nice blend . You 'll find a bit of vehicular action , puzzles , and a growing attachment to the various non player characters . There are even segments that put once belligerent enemies of yours on your own side to help you fight your way through a hostile world.For Half Life 2 : Graphics
 I thought HALF LIFE 2 was the best game ever so when buying this I had high expectations , and I am glad to tell you all that I was not disappointed . This has to be the best value in gaming that I have ever seen.I already own HALF LIFE 2 and HALF LIFE 2
 Buy Portal . Play Portal . Love Portal.The other games in the package are worth playing , if only to say you did it , but I 'm not as big of a fan of Half Life 2 as the rest of the world is . I do n't play online games , so Team Fortress 2 has no appeal . I do , however , love Portal . Imagine , if you will , a science fiction short story in video game form . You will think , you will question , you will laugh , and you will do it all in around 31/2 hours ... on your first play through.If you 're not familiar with the premise , the game involves you moving through an obstacle filled environment using only your wits , a gun that rips a hole in space-time ... and the trusty Apature Science weighted companion cube . All the while you are instructed by a disembodied , somewhat malfunctioning robotic voice . I wo n't give anything away , but suffice it to say that this voice steals the show.Portal includes a few gameplay variations that add more depth to the fairly easy single player puzzles . My favorite of which , doing each of the 6 chambers in the least amount of portals , kept me playing for close to 10 hours by themselves . The challenge levels added another few hours and I 've played through the single player just to hear the dialog a few times . It 's a marvelous game and a perfect example of what a game can accomplish with excellent writing.The portal gun itself is used to great effect . The puzzles range from intuitive and fun -LRB- `` flinging '' -RRB- to ridiculously challenging and fulfilling . The creative range you have to solve the puzzles is huge and dwarfs even what you are capable of doing in games like Crysis or GTA . The fact that the game is entirely non-violent is also a significant plus for me.I would like to point out that Steam 's failings are greatly overexaggerated . When HL2 was first released , Steam did , in fact , blow chum , but now is harmless and even functional . You can open the Steam menu in any game you 'd like , giving you access to your friend 's list , giving us PC gamers the closest thing to Xbox Live we can get , closer even than Microsoft 's own Windows Live . If you do n't believe me , you can download Steam and try it with non-Steam games first to see if you love it or hate it . When you 've gotten over that , buy Portal and experience the greatest source of Internet memes since Family Guy .
 This package has a lot of value for the money . It includes Portal a very unique game involving in effect a portable hole into dimensions and many levels of puzzle solving combined with a weird kind of humor with a theme song that will stick with you after you stop playing . Half Life 2 , Half Life 2 Episode 1 and 2 are unique in how you begin to care and interact with the characters in this series using Havok physics and a tendency to have a strong story line . Team Fortress 2 is a multiplayer , cartoon shading , simply fun through and through game with team work , goals , and learning new maps part of the fun . You may play on moving Mario Karts , climb a skycraper , shoot a rocket to jump on a roof at a Granary , Spy like in the Man from Uncle to destroy sentrys , engineer solutions , blow up with sticky bombs at an entrance , and all of these choices will have underlying a sense of humor with excellent use of lighting to get you entirely into that world . I find myself playing it after a hard day first just to relax and have a sheer sense of fun . That is what all good games are all about that last , a sheer sense of the appreciation of fun .
 If you 're considering buying this game , you 've probably read a bunch of reviews . If not , all you need to know is that this game comes with 5 superb games bundled into one 50 dollar package . Nuff ' said . In addition , you also get the unmentioned Peggle Extreme and Half Life 2
 Orange Box is a collection of games that I think even the most casual gamer should have on their shelves . I have so far only played through and beaten portal -LRB- other than the epic HL2 and Episode 1 , which I owned previously -RRB- , but TF2 and Episode 2 I have heard are great!Portal was an incredibly unique game that brought many hours of enjoyment . I am the kind of person to try and get EVERYTHING in a game . While playing you can unlock `` bonuses '' , which are certain goals -LRB- i.e. knock all cameras off the walls -RRB- you have to strive for . This is a game everyone should play through to the end . Not an FPS -LRB- First Person Shooter -RRB- fan ? Give Portal a try ... it may very well make you reconsider.Sure , I am a previous owner of HalfLife2 and Ep1 , but Valve set up a system where you can transfer an existing subscription to a friend as a gift -LRB- or resell it , of course -RRB- . This kind of system is unheard of in the game industry and I personally believe other companies releasing game bundles should consider making this a standard.You really ca n't go wrong with this bundle . Even if you own HL2 and EP1 already , you 're still getting an amazing deal at retail price .
 This package is cheaper than buing those games separately . The installer is quite convenient so no further looking for DVDs and hassle with enetering them to the DVD drive is necessary .
 I have n't actually played the game yet -LRB- Portal , to be specific -RRB- . But here 's some important information.I purchased The Orange Box as well as Half-Life 2 and Half-Life 2 : Episode One , as I was under the impression I needed to buy all three . Nope!If you buy The Orange Box you get these games : Half-Life 2Half-Life 2 : Episode OneHalf-Life 2 : Episode TwoHalf-Life 2 : Lost CoastHalf-Life 2 : DeathmatchPortalPeggle ExtremeTeam Fortress 2Half Life Deathmatch : SourceSo while I 'm out a little bit of money I did n't need to spend , hopefully this will help prevent anyone else making the same mistake .
 All im gon na say is that the orange box is the best thing that has happened to me in a long time.The Half Life series has left me in awe ! Looks like I wo n't be touching any other game in a long time ! 5 stars !
 This is a review of single player orange box , so no team fortress is included.Half Life 2 Ep 2 : Its pretty much what you expect from half life - good action , some solid set pieces , and through-the-roof production values . Thats the good news . The bad news is that its pretty much what you expect from half life - good action , some solid set pieces , and through-the-roof production values.In other worlds it breaks no new ground . This would be fine - why break the unbroken - except Valve seems to have lost its way from a narrative perspective . Half Life 1 was self contained and the interest of the game world was sufficient to propel it forward - that and the fact that it was light years ahead of the competition.Half Life 2 , while not so revolutionary , introduced another compelling gameworld that offered the promise of answering all the questions from Black Mesa . Episode One ? Not so much . Get from Point A to Point B sums up that plot . Well , for Episode Two Valve unfortunately decided to make this game about getting from Point B to Point C . It feels like season two of Lost - brilliant world , great characters , lets milk it by revealing nothing . Sure it opens up a few more questions - which it does n't answer of course - but the game goes nowhere towards answering the fundamental question
 I bought this game because of half-life 2 episode 2 but was j surprised when portal and team forties 2 became my new addictions . Portal offers a new way to look at playing games , a new mindset if you will . And tf2 was an amazing multiplayer game , much better then tfc . And episode 2 I dont think I have to say how amazing that is . Overall 5 stars its amazing ^ - ^
 I have to say that this is one of the best gaming deals that i have ever seen . Five games for 30 dollars ?! Now i already had half-life 2 , and episode 1 , but Valve gives you the ability to gift those to a friend . Portal is really fun but a little on the short side but Tf2 is the best game out of the Orange box . Its unique looks seems like your playing a comic book and the different classes keep the game interesting . Valve continues to update the game as well releasing new weapons , achievements , game modes , and several new maps .
 A good deal , worth the money just for Half-Life Episodes One and Two alone . Portal is a great game as well , although it does n't have as much excitement as Half-Life it is still quite entertaining .
 The individual games are a bit short for an experienced gamer , but the quality of the games are top notch . Portal being part of the orange box package was ground breaking . It preformed in a way that no other game has to date . The story line of episode 2 was unforgettable , the only question being
 First , let me address some concerns that people have had which would be regarding the Steam software required to play and update the included games . Basically this is an anti-piracy tool -LRB- which works very well ... Valve games are the LEAST pirated in the world , which is why they can offer consumers great value 's such as the Orange Box -RRB- . Anyways , yes , Valve should probably disclose information about Steam on the box , however in my honest opinion , Steam is a great piece of software . Steam allows you to access a bonus 6th game -LRB- Peggle Extreme ... a great game in itself , worth another $ 10 -RRB- , plus once you activate your software on your account , you are then allowed to download it again on as many PC 's as you want , and as long as you are logged in , you can play it on all those PC 's -LRB- only one PC can be signed in at a time -RRB- . Additionally , Steam offers `` Xbox Live '' like features like standardized in game chat across all Steam games , achievements , and gamer profiles . Steam is a great piece of software and should not be portrayed negatively.Next and more importantly is the game itself . The orange Box is by far the best value gaming has ever seen . 5 games for less than the price of 1 . And each of the 5 games is a FULL game . Best of all , if you are a huge Valve fan and already own any of the 5 included games , then when you install the game it will recgonize this and allow you to gift that particular game -LRB- s -RRB- to a friend . I think other reviewers have covered the details of each of the games already , but if I had to rate each game individually , they would each get 5/5 stars.In closing , if you do n't have this game already , stop reading reviews , and buy it now !!!
 Low price . Check.Fun games . Check.This is one of the best video games purchase I 've made . 5 great contents at the price of 6 dollars each .
 I 'll admit that I 've never played the Half Life series before , but I heard so many great things about this package , I decided to give it a shot . I have played and beaten all of the Half Life 2 games and enjoyed every second . I am officially hooked now ... almost as hooked as I am to Team Fortress 2 . And Portal is nothing short of brilliant . There 's not much else to say other than it 's a must buy for fans of FPS games . And for users of Nvidia products , you 'll be happy to know that you also get to download the FULL version of Half Life 2
 Three great games in one well priced package . Portal is one of the most unique games in a long time , very entertaining . Half-life 2 and it 's expansions make for some enjoyably tense FPS gameplay . It 's use of physics is something few other games can offer . Team Fortress 2 is another unique Valve product . Finally a multiplayer FPS that stresses teamwork!If you still use a dial-up connection however , you may want to avoid this game . Valve 's Steam system is fantastic in many ways , but will cause difficulty with very slow connections . Think about upgrading your connection or looking for the 360 or PS3 version of The Orange Box .
 The Orange Box is a great 5 game selection of top notch 4 Valve products as well as the PopCap game Peggle . Can not be beat for the $ $ . If your computer is relatively newer and has the CPU/Memory/Video Card to manage these games . Check specs b4 you buy .
 Half Life 2 - This game did more to get me charged up than any other game . Throughout it , I jumped and twitched in my seat at every surprise and twist.Team Fortress 2 - Overly cartoony , but I think that 's the point . The game is fun , but it sure is n't the highlight of the Orange Box.Portal - Absolutely the top of the heap . This game fits for puzzle-lovers , first-person shooter types , and everyone else really .
 This is a bargain at the MSRP . If you can find it on sale , it 's a steal . If you 're new to Halflife 2 , this is the collection to get.Some of the best single player and multiplayer FPS action , and Portal is a great puzzle game.A no-brainer !
 Best graphics and best story ever ! Definatley the best Ratchet and Clank EVER ! Try it if you hav n't . Maybe the best game ever !!!
 The Pros at Insomniac continue to impress with this third installment of the Ratchet and Clank series.The gameplay is rich with detail . In single player mode there are fewer levels but a whole lot more fun . Multiplayer fulfilled my dreams of an online Ratchet and Clank game.Here 's the low down on the cool -LRB- and not so cool -RRB- aspects of the game : Pros -- Highly Detailed Levels-Tons of New Weapons and Upgrades -LRB- Including the Rift Inducer -RRB- - Awesome Multiplayer Modes -LRB- Siege , Capture the Flag , Deathmatch -RRB- -LSB- Local and Online Play -RSB- - Customizable Armor for Ratchet-Totally Cool VehiclesCons -- Single Player has fewer levels
 Ratchet and Clank 3 is awesome !!! The single player is good but the mutiplayer is unbeievable !!! Get it now !!! P.S. . The agents of Dread weapon is soooooo cool !
 The evil Dr Nefarious has risen and has sent out his noids after you.You have to stop him.There are 20 levels.An exciting story.Friendly folks and evil foes.Huge bosses like robots and monsters.The only thing I could say is ... MAKE A PART 4 !!!!!!!
 This game is great . It is consistently funny with a great storyline . One player is great and all , but the real jewel in this game is the multiplayer . Flawless and fun . The only thing missing is grenades like Halo 2 , but if you 're interested in buying this game , get the online adaptor . There 's also no fees for online like xbox live or any other subscription fees .
 Finally , the third sequel of Ratchet & Clank is here ! I 've been waiting months for it to come out . Ratchet & Clank
 Ratchet and Clank are back , bigger and better then ever . The original -LRB- Ratchet & Clank -RRB- was good , the sequel -LRB- Going Commando -RRB- was great , THIS ONE IS THE BEST !!!!!!!! The graphics are better then Jak II
 Ractchet and Clank is a great formula and it continues in a big way with Up Your Arsenal . With RNC you are n't doomed to wander around a soggy dungeon in order to blast away and the baddies . You get maximum vision in high-tech atmosphere that allows you to pick from a dizzying array of weapons in order to decimate the robots and monsters lurking around every corner.You that have tried this series know all that . For the -LSB- lucky -RSB- return players there are some improvements in this 3rd installment that will make you glad you came back . While not a giant improvement , the graphics have been upgraded in the form of higher polygon count enemies and more detailed textures . I also love being able to fill up my ammo reserves at the vendor with one click instead of doing it one by one.And the humor ! Did the folks at Insomniac bankroll some top comic writers or are they that cool ? In most games you want to impatiently click past the movies that set up the scenes but here you 'll want to grab some popcorn . Consider the crayon comics drawn by Quark , the scene where the evil Dr. Nefarious has his assistant using bogus sign language to communicate to the hearing impaired . More laughs than a Ben Stiller movie.My son comments that he misses some of the fun weapons from Going Commando . And sometimes you run out of ammo too soon before you get a continue point or a vendor . Also Going Commando had some fun helper robots that could hammer and build bridges . This version does have a nifty feature that allows you to use some of the older weapons if you have Going Commando files saved on your PS2 .
 it is better than the other two games and the multiplayer capability is nice , and fun , my descripsion of it is halo exept somewhat cuter , the guns as usual rock and upgrading them is just as annoying but it is worth it
 This game will in all likelyhood be the benchmark for all future games on the PS2 console . It is a shame that it came out the same time as Halo 2 , because to be honest , it deserves a bigger kick-off than what it is getting . The game is the best I have played on PS2 and also rivals , if not beats , anything I have seen on any other platform.Ok , to the game itself . R&C ; Up your arsonal really brings a lot of new aspects to the R&C ; lineup . With new weapons , new missions and plot , the single player mode will offer hours of enjoyment . Each weapon can be upgraded 5 times , and although you can import weapons from the 1st and 2nd games , do n't worry about having them gold , because they all import at the base level . Do n't worry about this , you will have lot 's of fun powering them up in the game and it 's not a detraction to the overall game play.The Multi-player platform is also top notch . With easy jump on and off , a buddy list , 8 players to a game and multiple game formats , the Multi-player game could have been sold seperately as a game in itself . The headset support is great , with no lag and quick game loads . Make sure you get the headset for this part , because you will miss out on a lot of the game without it.All in all , this game deserves more than 5 Stars . Insomniac really has it 's act together and this game is going to really be a hard one to beat . If you have never played an R&C ; game before , do n't hesitate to pick this up . The Multi-Player mode is easy to pick up and will offer endless hours of fun . The single player mode has a great plot and will allow a new or faithful follower to jump right into the single player game.If you get one game this year , make sure it 's this one .
 I first borrowed the original Ratchet and Clank from a friend . It was a new milestone in video games.I found this game in Wal-Mart and bought it . It was great . Many of my old favorite weapons like the Suck Cannon , Lancer -LRB- I think that 's what it was called -RRB- , Morph-O-Ray and others were reincarnated into familiar forms.The controls are great . Personally , I prefer the lock-strafe mode ; third person camera with first person shooter controls.The weapons upgrade through usage to provide more power and usability . Unlike in some other games , the order you get a weapon in does n't necessarily dictate its power -- the first weapon you can get , the N60 is one of my favorite and it is the best all-around weapon , in my opinion.For anyone who has played the first or second game , buying this one is a no-brainer . For someone who has n't , I recommend you buy all three and play them all .
 Insomniac Games . The creators of the Spyro the Dragon series and the little known game , `` Disruptor '' . They have been little known for far too long . That all changed at the release of Ratchet and Clank . After a year , they released a sequel - Ratchet and Clank
 - CHEAP-@$$ REVIEW -LSB- NOTE :] If you 're one of those people that wanted to buy `` Ratchet and Clank
 This game had to be the best one of the 3 part series . Although the events after Going Commando -LRB- the 2nd game in the series -RRB- are n't cleared up at first , it seems that your enemy is . Dr. Nefarious and his scheme to eliminate organic life . But the one thing that always shined with Ratchet and Clank were the weapons . They are breath-taking . Each has 4 upgrade levels . It is challenging yet so desirable . I could n't put it down to i got each weapons finalized form . and I mean ALL the weapons . But PARENTS do n't be SCARED of all this WEAPON talk . The guns do n't go multilate and show gore and blood . There is about no violence that many kids have n't already seen on t.v. movies , etc. . So please pick this one up . It is well worth it . Plus the ending is spectatcular ... perhaps a sequel ... like Ratchet
 UP YOUR ARSENAL , the third installment of the Ratchet & Clank series of games , is a hands-down safe buy for anyone who has enjoyed the series thus far as well as newcomers -LRB- though playing the series in order is highly recommended -RRB- . Many , many reviews have outlined the game very well - this review will simply highlight some improvements as well as some shortcomings as compared to the first two installments.IMPROVEMENTS :1 . No unattainable super-weapons . While the RYNO and the like were ultra-fun to wield , they demanded countless hours of bolt collection to attain and simply were n't worth the time and trouble . Instead , UYA follows COMMANDO 's lead and offers upgradeable weapons that are actually powerful in their final incarnations and suffice very well .2 . No Hover-Board races . While these were a definite challenge , they had gotten old by the end of COMMANDO . I was extremely pleased to see this type of level absent from this chapter of the game .3 . Interesting variations on vehicle battles . While there are no space battles in Ratchet 's spaceship , you do command a hovership and Hummer-like-vehicle , adding a change of pace and new challenge without repeating the same old space-type battles from the previous episodes .4 . New fun mini-games . The Qwark NES-style horizontal action mini-games were a hoot . Not too hard but none too easy , either , they were fun in themselves and I would have loved to see even a few more instances of these throughout the game .5 . Good balance of Clank/Giant-Clank missions . Remember how hard the Giant Clank vs the Flying Saucer was in COMMANDO ? We have only one Giant Clank battle in UYA and while it is challenging it is not overly difficult . There are only one or two Clank mini-missions and the servant robots are underused , but too little Clank is better than too much .6 . Only one `` Find 100 Crystals '' level instead of two . Remember COMMANDO ? The desert level was fun . By the time you reached the frozen world , you were sick of searching for crystals . The concept is repeated here but , thankfully , is limited to only one world.SHORTCOMINGS :1 . Too short . While a fun game , clocking in easily at 10-15 hours of play if all challenges are completed , UYA lacks the breadth of scope and massive sprawl of COMMANDO . That leads to # 2 ... 2 . Feels incomplete . This episode has the feel of a title rushed to market . Take for example all of the `` gadgets . '' The new gadget , the Warp Pad , is used only twice in the game and serves no real purpose at all . There are no real challenges requiring any of the gadgets -LRB- no grindboots challenges , for example -RRB- and very little underwater or ice challenge at all . These two types of world are extremely frequent in these games and always add some nice variance between worlds .3 . Where are the mini-bosses ? There is one occurence of a mini-boss early in the game and he is easily defeated . There are no significant challenges prior to the final battle with the arch-enemy and , when it occurs , it almost comes as a surprise that the game is over so soon .4 . The arsenal is n't too exciting . Again , you can import some weapons from the memory cards of previous games , but none that are too useful . There are n't any real exciting new weapons , just variations on old favorites . Those that are new -LRB- the Infector and Plasma Whip , for instance -RRB- simply are n't any good .5 . Blah online option . The online play is similar to the deathmatches seen in Killzone and SW
 Let me say as a married , 24 yr . old gamer , that I do n't have allot of time to be a gamer anymore . I have responcibilities , a career , and a family , so when I actually get time to play games , I want to enjoy it.R@C, has been uterly enjoyable ! This game is one of those that you plan on playing for a few minutes , or maybe an hour , and you wind up playing for 3-4 hours without even realizing it!The only kicker is that , this game had allot less content than `` Commando '' . Do n't get me wrong , I love this game , but it just seems that you can get everything in about a weekend of gaming . Its just not that hard , compared to `` Commando '' . Do n't get me wrong , I ca n't wait till the next installment comes out , I just hope that the developers do n't rush through it this time around .4 out of 5 for the shortened content .
 For anyone who needs a little time away from the first person shooters or the online roleplaying games ; and feel like something a little different , then this is a game that many can enjoy . From the game dynamics to the well written plot line , it just all seems to work together and compliments itself over and over again . Quality like this in the gaming world seems to be falling short lately . The guns used are all individual and have a different feel for each of them . For some gamers , the light and airy feel of this game might set them astray . But for the rest of us , Ratchet and Clank Up Your Arsenal proves once and for all that in this monogomy of sequals , that it can be done properly with a little effort .
 I am over forty and have been playing video games ever since ... well , `` Space Invaders '' ! Needless to say I have witnessed the evolution . This is the best game I have ever played and I have played many . What 's even better is that my 9 year old son 's love it too -LRB- their favorite part is turning me into a duck in multiplayer mode ... oooh ! I hate that -RRB- . I am sure in a year or two something more thrilling will come along and `` Up your Arsenal '' will seem old , but for the time being , this one is best !
 This game rules !!! i usually do not like singleplayer campaigns but this one rules !!!!!! There are very cool weapons.I really like the flux rifle.This game is worth it .
 Ratchet and Clank has been a mainstay of the Playstation 2 lineup , and the series just keeps getting better . The latest installment , Up Your Arsenal , is the best and is major fun.Graphically , the game has really progressed . It looks absolutely spectacular and the entire game feels very polished . Similarly , the music and sound effects remain top notch . The framerate is always smooth , and I 've never experienced any slowdown , even when there are tons of explosions on screen at once.Gameplay wise , the series has n't changed a lot , but it 's excellent . There is still the single player filled to the brim with Ratchet and Clank humor and a fun if predictable storyline . Not to mention that Captain Qwark is back ! The single player is about as long as Going Commando , but it 's much better because of new environments , more polish , better weapons and challenges and some nice little 2D side-scrolling in between . They 've even gotten rid of those frusturating space fighting scenes and mandatory races . Overall , the single player is great.Where the game really shines is in multiplayer . There are 3 multiplayer modes , capture the flag , siege , and deathmatch . The best is by far siege , where teams work together to destroy the other teams base using vehicles , weaponry and by capturing nodes located throughout the map . The maps are n't huge , but they are very well desgined for each of the modes . I only wish they had included more vehicles since the game only has 2 currently , and is n't completely suited for them like in say , Halo 2 . The multiplayer can be played splitscreen or online . The splitscreen really pales compared to online play though . Part of the screen shows the nodes that are captured , and so you 're limited to only about 40 % of the screen , and it 's considerably harder to play that way . Full screen online play is much more robust and allows for up to 8 players per match while standard PS2 allows for only 2 without a multitap . Online Play is virtually lag free , and you can find plenty of games . Plus it 's free , and it really provides an excellent online experience considering the PS2 's overall lack of quality online games -LRB- besides SOCOM and this game that is -RRB- I highly recommend getting a USB headset , because it 's impossible to coordinate with teammates without it , and I 've even gotten kicked out of games for not having it . Be warned , the game requires Broadband to play online -LRB- as in DSL or a Cable Connection . -RRB- Overall , Up Your Arsenal is great . It looks great and plays great whether in single or multiplayer -LRB- but avoid the splitscreen if you can . -RRB- Should you purchase it ? If you have a broadband connection and maybe a headset , and can play online , then I 'd wholeheartedly recommend it . But if you do n't and are only in it for single player , then I would recommend renting it unless it drops down to $ 20 . Splitscreen multiplayer is only fun for so long , and some might not be able to stomach it .
 More of the cutest and visually exciting game series.I loves me some Ratchett and Clank .
 This game is going to be outstanding , many people think its pointless rating a game before it comes out but this game is definetly an exeption . I have the first 2 , i beat them both , honestly , the ratchet and clank games are the best ones i ever played , and i dont think there will be anything better than this .
 this game is funny , fun , and there 's no reason anyone who has a ps2 should n't get this game . tHe originla r & c rocked , the sequel was better , and the third is going to kick your arsenal so hard you 'll have to get it amputated -LRB- in a good way -RRB- .
 This is the best game ever.You can get up to 20 weapons.One of my favorites are the rhyno 3 and the plasma whip . Also you can play online or just multiplayer with your friends.Anybody that does n't like this game is f *** in crazy
 UYA IS GOING TO BE SO COOL . I ALREADY HAVE R&C & R&C 2 MAN I CANT WAIT TO GET THIS GAME THE PRICE IS LOWER YOU GET TO UPGRADE 14 WEAPONS 5 ARE FROM GOING COMMANDO THERE AR WEAPONS LIKE INDUCER WHICH I THINK MAKES A BLACK HOLE SWEET ! -LRB- ... -RRB- IF YOU THOUGHT THE FIRST TO WERE -LSB- COOL -RSB- THEN THIS 1 IS OF THE CHART ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Not much i can say about this Game ! I will be great for teenagers who are not allowed to play the blood and Gore Shooters online ! Mark one up again for the Ratchet and Clank series ! I cant wait
 my brother got RAC for his birthday last year and i hated it.we never got the second one . the only reason tis one is good because of online and multiplayer . without this it would suck up master chief , jak , samus , killzone and metal gear solid 3s balls .
 I bough the first two ratchet and clank games and now comes the third . I all started when I started to buy demo discs and got interested in ratchet and clank . These top sellers I bought both at forty dollars , but I recomend buying thisgame at fifty dollars.I hope this game does n't sell out quickly .
 I watched my friend play it at his house . It was action-packed from beginning to end . You can get vid-comics and play as captain quark in the this cool arcade style game . plus the weapons are SLICK , SICK , AND SUPER RADD MAN !!!!!!! so buy this . i would reccomend , if you can , wait till the price lowers to 20 bucks . Then rip it open n start playin the super slick , sick and super radd game man !!!!!!!
 This game is so awsome ! 18 planets , like 20 different guns , this is sweet ! My favorite gun is the annihalator , expensive , but worth it . Get this game for christmas if you do n't already have it . I am on the last level . The command center .
 I am a pacifist and I usually do n't like shooting games , but , with this one , the bad guys are just -LRB- almost -RRB- robots , so it is okay . No blood or gores . I really enjoy the game because the design is smart and the game is not only about shooting enemies with a lot of choices in weaponry , but also about racing , treasure hunters , strategy and more . The characters are funny , but not too silly . The environment is superb . The sound is great as well , and I like the idea to go from planet to planet . Besides , you do n't stop playing because you get old , you get old because you stop playing . So enjoy this game . It is a well constructed one with a lot of surprises .
 I absilutly love this game it is the best game ever the graphic are awsome the weapons are sweet and it is very funny and chalenging .
 I absolutly love this game . it hase a very good sense of humor and um ... how do I say it ; very different gameplay . by different I mean fun because it 's hard to mix platforming and shooter gameplay , but they did it . I am not sure who came up with `` Courtney gears '' but that 's hilarious . I like the fact that there are lots of differnt guns -LRB- the decimator is my fav -RRB- and most are useful . How do I explain the multiplayer , it 's so fun but kind of annoying . cuz I play four player with a multitap and my friend gets a sniper then chikens out the whole time just sniping . My favorite thing in multiplayer is that you can get turned into a duck or sheep and graze or cwack . I would highly reccomend this game now that it is at such a low price . The only downside i 'd say is once you 've bought every thing there is nothing at all to do , but there is challenge mode once you beat it , that is fun . I hope this was helpfull .
 I own and beaten Ratchet & Clank and Ratchet & Clank
 This is it , folks , one of the best games ever , which also happens to be the sequel to two of the best games ever . It is utterly , mindlessly , insanely fun . It 's triggerhappy and the cutscenes are hilarious . Sure it 's shorter than the second game and it has less guns , but it 's still sweet . The guns are hilarious and creative , and Isomniac is not stealing off of Naughty Dog . They 're just better . Ca n't wait for Deadlock , coming in November . Play the Qwarktastic Challenge if you know what 's good for you . Now . Buy this game . Go .
 Ratchet and Clank UYA brings the return of Sonys Platform mascots and this time they 're badder then ever ! Ratchet and Clank UYA is with out a doublt a MUST HAVE PS2 GAME for people of all ages , the visuals are fantastic , the controls are great and the humor is always there to get you . The level desighn of UYA was my favorite out of everything els , everything is so nice and detailed . Insomniac really did a good job polishing up the visuals and may possibly be a tad bit better looking then Going Commando . WHY NO 5 STARS ? ... Well these were my biggest gripes...-much shorter then Going Commando-Most of the weapons were not as a great and did n't have the same feeling like Going Commando-The boss battles were waaaaaaaaay better in GC then UYA , especially the one with the HUGE Robot...-Barley any CLANK missions this time around-WHAT HAPPEND TO THE GIANT CLANK FIGHTS ! , there was only like one I think , and it was n't really a robot it was just in a set for filming a showYeah I know , I 'm kind of being a baby about it but other then that the game is top notch , something I love UYA is the fact that this time around you have Robots having your back on most missions , making it fun and adventurus ... LETS GET TO ITThe Good-Top Notch visuals-mix between platforming and combat never felt so good-some great weapons like the one were you shoot out a black hole and it sucks in your enemies-Some really memerable level desighn-The idea of upgrading a weapons more then 3 times is just awesome-leveling up your life is much easier and does n't take so long like in Going CommandoThe Bad-FOR MOST like myself , you 'll probably finish this within a rental week ... much shorter then Going Commando-There was n't as that many great weapons this time around..-Gets a bit repetitive in some parts-Not many weaponsand the rest was posted in the beginning of my reviewOverall Ratchet and Clank UYA is a great PS2 game that has a great mix between platforming and combat , if you 're looking for something great on the PS2 and like myself , is getting sick of all this GTA Crap GET UP YOUR ARSENAL ... I give Ratchet and Clank UYA a. . .4.5 out of 5 stars ...
 This game is the best thing ever to happen to video games.For the unitiated , the Ratchet and Clank series is about gathering a bunch of ridiculously-named guns/gloves/other vilent acsessories and destroying evil robots , while laughing your butt off . Real funny stuff.You control Ratchet , a space-wombat with a bunch of guns . Your goal is to stop the nefarious villain , Doctor Nefarious , a robot who wants to DESTROY ALL SQUISHIES !!! -LRB- AKA organic lifeforms . -RRB- He has employed the Tyranoids to help him . The Tyranoids are obviously pretty stupid , because they too are squishies.Along the way you will meet the Greatest Superhero -LRB- and Biggest Idiot -RRB- the galaxy has ever known , Captain Qwark . He is the only person in the world capable of defeating Nefarious . One downside , though ... wait , why would I spoil the plot ? Let 's just say he 's ONE OF NATURE 'S MYSTERIES !!! You will visit such legendary locations as Annhilation Nation -LRB- similar to the arena in R&C ; 2 -RRB- , face off against the Britney Spears-esque Courtney Gears , watch as Clank gets his own secret-agent show , and , of course , BLOW STUFF UP !!!! If you have a PS2 , this is an essential .
 This game was amazing . I have the first two games and this one is even better and more dynamic ! There are even more weapons and upgrades than ever before . The graphics are fantastic and more colorful . The A.I. is alot smarter than before . There are even some new gameplay additions , such as the Quark side-scrolling vid-comics . The controls are spot on and very responsive . More levels give it a deep plot against an evil robot named Dr. Nefarious . The new online addition is great , but it wo n't knock Unreal Tournament off the board . But still , Kudos to Insomniac Games !
 this game is the best game i have ever played . i thought the the second game was good , this one blew it out of the water . the weapons are better , but if you miss past weapons you are able to buy them back . in this game you can also use vehicles , which is a good addition to make this one of the best well rounded games EVER . five stars
 Fun , Exciting , Great gameplay mechanics , Graphics , Sounds , Lots of Cool Weapons , Funny , I am waiting on Ratchet and Clank 4 already . I am very selective on videogames and this one blew me away . Its really one of the coolest games I 've played
 Allright , this is my first game in the R&C ; series . It is amazing . The reason I bought the game is because online with my friend . Well I played online for a while , and it was outstanding . I love playing capture the flag and siege online with other R&C ; players . After many online hours , I decided to try out the single player mode . Just as fun . I have yet to complete the game -LRB- I 've made it 3 hours -RRB- and what I have experiance so far is great . I love the funny cutscenes and all the action . I highly recomend this game to anyone.JUST GET IT !!!!!!!!! 10/10
 This game is awsome.Your on a quest to defeat Dr Nefarious and his gang of noids.I hope they make a part 4 with Nefarious.He 's still alive on the crater . -LRB- If you have seen the ending -RRB- . Overall , I think you should buy this game .
 You know ; it never ceases to amaze me how , with each Ratchet and Clank game , Developer Insomniac keeps things fresh and new while keeping the core gameplay like that of the original . I do n't know how they do it but they do and that 's what keeps fans coming back for more . Sadly , I 'm afraid , this is the last game in the series -LRB- or so I 've read -RRB- . If that is , indeed , the case . . then the series is going out with a ` bang ' -LRB- pardon the pun but I had to do it -RRB- . How ? , you might ask . Well , for starters , they 've tweaked the game in subtle ways -LRB- like the weapons command shortcut which lets you cycle through the last three weapons used , with no problem -RRB- . You can earn up to 20 weapons , with four levels of upgrades for most weapons . There 's new gadgets to tinker with , new worlds to explore , new enemies to fight . The minigames are a blast to play -LRB- especially Qwark 's 2-D missions on the VG-9000 game system aboard the Phoenix -RRB- . Yet , what makes this game shine the most is its ' online/offline multiplayer mode . The third installment incorporates new elements of gameplay not seen previously in the series and I more than welcome that . Ratchet and Clank set off on another hilarious interstellar romp to keep the galaxy safe from the likes of characters like Dr. Nefarious . With its ' unique and oddball humor , you ca n't help but love this game . It 's one I recommend.If I had any gripe , whatsoever ; it 'd be that , to series vets like me , the single player game is way too short . Yet , if you play through and get every last weapon/gadget/etc , you 're looking at 20 + hours or more . That gripe , like all my gripes mostly , does n't take away from an otherwise kickin ' game.I hope this is n't the last we see of ol' Ratchet and Clank or the lovable cast of characters we 've come to know and love . Insomniac is definitely onto something with them .
 The first two Ratchet and Clanks were amazing ! Tons of fun , with action/adventure/comedy all rolled into one . This game has enough action to satisfy any person who likes shooting games , but it is done in such a way that would make any parent ok with their kids playing the game . Also , this game looks to include multiplayer and online capabilities .
 This game , like the two that came before it , is just plain fun.The graphics are wonderful , the script is often hilarious , and there is a lot to explore . The challenges are difficult enough to keep you interested , but not so hard that you get frustrated and want to stop.And do n't forget about all the great weapons and gadgets!I would recommend this game for people of all ages .
 Well the Ratchet & Clank series is the best . The 2nd one , Going Commando , really outdid the first one and I 'm sure the same can be said for this one too . It will feature 25 weapons both old and new , new hi-tech gagets , and bigger and more beautiful levels . But thats not all . This game will also feature a all-new multiplayer mode with online play . I 'm sure that will be loads of fun . With the online play coming and everything , will the single player action still be fun ? I mean , since the online play seems pretty rich , will the single player section still have alot of levels , well , hopfully more . Anyway , no matter what , I 'm still getting this game .
 This is the 3rd installment of the Ratchet and Clank series . Now with better graphics , harder gameplay , more characters , and worlds . Some parts of the game are fall down gasping for air funny . Parents of young children may want to take some time to consider it though , there is some crude humour .
 i love this game . the graphics are vibrant and easy on the eyes and the voices are good and most of the time quite funny . the story is the usual farce and the weapons are some of the coolest ever in a videogame.but , after i beat this game , i felt a bit cheated . if this is the r & c ; finale , they blew their chance at going out with a big bang . i still ca n't help but feel that going commando was a much better game overall than this one.first off , both games graphics are outstanding and the voices are the same , for all i could tell . second , the weapons in this game are the better of the two . the most powerful being the maxed out plasma cannon and the coolest being the rift ripper . the levels were much more creative and fun in the second game . but i did like the flying segments in up your arsenal more than the space battles in going commando . and the team battles alongside you npc buddies . the multiplayer is also well though out and a lot of fun . but this title did n't feel like a blowout of fun . it was more like a , beginning to a really good game . it was over before it got going . the qwark mini-games are cool , but there are only five and they are all short . the titanium bolts scattered throughout the game are a fun added bit to work on , but after that 's done , there 's not much else to do . sure , you could keep going through the game in challenge mode , but after all your weapons are maxed out , what the point?anyway , this is a good game , but insomniac could have added a lot more to make this a really great game , one to rule them all . if they would just put the weapons and side-quests from this game into the levels of going commando , it would be a game for the ages . i just wish there was more to do when you beat the game , that 's all.but , overall , it 's a great title definitely worth the cash . so go out and buy it or i 'll have to turn you into an explosive-egg spitting duck from hell . wait , that 's not a punishment ... damn . oh well , buy the game regardless of what i say if you 're looking for a weekend 's worth of solid , fun gaming .
 I am speechless!This game is probably one of the top 3 games of all time!It is everywhere!There is so much to do in this game.Online , multiplayer , fighting , you name it!IT IS BETTER THAN THAT JAK 3 !!!!! YOU MUST GET IT !!!!!! Whoever thinks this game sucks is out of their minds !! Trust me , get this game !!!!!! -- Explodian123
 This game is amazing . It is funny and fun . Anybody should get this game . The multiplayer kinda sucks though .
 The moment I popped the game into my console I was entertained . I love the hilirous cut-scenes and the story line is just incredible . The weapons in the game are incredibly entertaining aswell as you level them up , the weapons upgrade and there 's more `` bang '' to them . The online gaming for this games is just awsome ! You can play up to 7 other people online and you can also play two player online so you can play with a buddy and seven on online ! It 's incredible how much I really enjoyed this game considering that I mostly like RPGames . But this games was too good to pass up ! Happy gaming from your friend , P_M_Mage !
 The game is very entertaining . The single player is fun , comical and challenging but it did seem to be a little short.The online is where the game really shines . There are three modes , Seige , CTF , and good old deathmatch . Join a clan and have clan challenges to become the # 1 clan . Overall a great game.Titan Zealot
 This game is one of the best online shooter games ever !!! The controls are awesome !!! The online gameplay is sometimes fluid if u have a non-wireless router . The online mode can support up to 8 players per game and can have 2 people per vehicle . There are 4 major maps and there are 4 little ones . -LRB- Bakisi Isles , Hoven Gorge , Korgon Outpost , Outpost X12 , Blackwater City , Aquotos Sewers , Marcadia Palace , and Command Center -RRB- The modes and vehicles are very limited but this is Insomniac 's first online game so give them a break , alright ? The modes are CTF -LRB- Capture The Flag -RRB- , Siege , and Deathmatch . All very fun modes . The gameplay is chaotic , and the fun never stops . Vulcan turrets , flattened out animals , free falling from hoverships , gravity bombs , node fights , and with another Ratchet game called Deadlocked coming out in the fall , with enchanced online play , there 's more fun on the way than you can shoot a Mini Rocket Tube at . If you get this game my gamertagg is Yoshmaster Q and Forwardhaloman so you can add me to your buddy list . Also the story mode is supurb 4of 5 stars !! This is FWHM signing out and i 'll see you online.-Forwardhaloman *
 MY NAME IS ALEXANDER . Ratchet & Clank 3 still is the best platform game . I love the weapons and you can upgrade your weapons 4 times . that 's not including challenge mode , but in challenge mode you can upgrade your weapons an extra 3 times . i GOT THE GAME WHEN IT CAME OUT . I like the vehicles even though going commando has more . It 's rumoured in R&C 2 & 3 you must complete the games without taking a hit or dyeing . The multi-player is fun but do what I did and play it online . EVERY BIT OF THIS GAME IS FUN !!! THE ARENA BATTLES ARE FUN ! I LOVE THE RANGER MISSONS AND BOSS BATTLES !!!!! IF THEY MAKE A RATCHET & CLANK 4 IT WOULD TURN THIRD PERSON PS2 GAMES INTO GLASS !!!!!!!!!! GET THIS GAME YOU WO N'T REGRET IT UNLESS IF YOU DO N'T BUY IT !!!!! THANK YOU ISONMIAC BUT I REALLY WANT TO THANK TED PRICE FOR MAKING RATCHET AND CLANK THE BEST PLAFORM GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Very good storie line and scenes . Excillent weapons and armor .
 Possibly the best RAC game yet ! From its amazing 3D graphics toawesome power-ups this just may be my favorite game !!! The plotis a little short but the new weapeons and gadgets -LRB- RY3NO hypershot etc. -RRB- make it up . The only bad part is you haveto wait for number four .
 I finally got this game and the screens did it no justice . This game is sure to be one of the top games of this year . The online maps are huge and all the new weapons are sweet . If you are a parent who is worried about video game violence , then I would reccomend this game since it is alot calmer than the other shooter type games .
 Ratchet & Clank
 I may not have it but i 've got R&C ; 1 and 2 and gon na get it for christmas . i 've loved the other series.i deleted my profile for R&C ; 1 and have to start from the beginning .
 This is sure to be the best yet in the Ratchet and Clank series . Not only are they adding a ton of new weapons and vechicles but they are also going online . That is definitely gon na rock !!!!!
 this game was very good . it is so good that you can play it over and over again without getting bored .
 Ya its almost pointless rateing a game before it comes out but i will any way ! If this is going to be anything like what happended in the leap from rachet and clank 1 to rachet and clank going commando this should be one of the best PS2 games ever especialy if it is better than RC2 . Theres not much to write though as this game hasnt even come out though .
 I 've never played # 3 but if it 's even 1 % better than 1 or 2 its going to be the best game there ever will be untill the next game .
 O WOW THIS IS GOING TO BE AWSOME ! I HOPE THEY COME OUT WITH A LOT MORE RATCHET AND CLANK GAMES CUZ I CANT GET ENOUGH OF IT . IF U HAVENT PLAYED THE 1ST 2 GAMES I WOULDENT PLAY THIS ONE . U WONT UNDERSTAND IT ! IF U DIDNT LIKE THE 1ST 2 , I WOULD TRY THE 3RD CUZ U MIGHT GET THE HANG OF IT .
 this game will PROBABLY -LRB- 100 % sure -RRB- be the best game of the ratchet and clank games and any other games made . -LRB- most games -RRB- i heard it will have many new cool things like multi player and online . thou it didnt come out yet i can predict that this game will have the best in it and nothing but the best and not the worst because it will have the best and nothing but the best .
 I 'm mature enough to play these games and I 've got two of them already ! Ratchet & Clank -LRB- R&C -RRB- 3
 I 'm mature enough to play these games and I 've got two of them already ! Ratchet & Clank -LRB- R&C -RRB- 3
 My 10 year old son is a big fan of the Ratchet and Clank series . According to him , this is on of the best.Even after finally `` beating the game '' he goes back and plays it over and over , even his 7 year old brother gets in on the fun.Although I am a huge fan of renting video games , if your son or daughter is into this series , this is a must own .
 This has to be the best platformer i 've ever played . It is a blast to play , very fun and addictive , with many different types of play -LRB- platform , puzzles , side scrolling , driving , and a giant robot fighting area -RRB- . The game continues the great traditions from the previous games including the automatic upgrades of weapons as you use them and the very funny cut scenes and voice overs . Definitely worth the money and worth even more than it costs .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love halo and think it is a great game but I think this will be much better . This game as everything halo has plus more . H alo has maybe 15 weapons at the most and this game is going to have over 25 . It also has many different gadgets which halo never had . This game will also have multiplayer on and offline . It will also have co-op mode and new vehicles that requir more than 1 person to operate . That means one person drives the vehicle and the other person operates the weaponry of the vehicle like the machine gun mounted on the back or the rocket luncher . This game will also have flying vehicles and tanks . Unlike halo , more than one person can fit into the flying vehicle . Like I said before , this game is going to be so much better than halo because it has everything halo has plus more . If you have both a PS2 and a XBOX I would get Ratchet & Clank
 I honestly do n't think it 's ever been done better than Ratchet And Clank . Insomniac Games took all the best things about weapons-based adventuring and tweaked it until it was perfect . The controls are faultless , the menu is easy and smooth , the weapons are explosive and endlessly upgradable , the graphics are gorgeous and the characters and voice-acting are hilarious . This is a game in which the gameplay is always entertaining but the cutscenes are welcome , because the characters always have something interesting to say.The game features all the original voice-actors that made the first and second games great , as well as some of my favorite actors from other media , Michael Bell of the Soul Reaver games and Armin Shimerman of Deep Space Nine fame , who plays the awesomely retro Dr. Nefarious . Captain Quark is also back , frustratingly enough . He 's like the hero that wo n't go away . A neat plot twist involves a weird change of heart for Clank , in reaction to the robot upheaval against organic life , as well as possibly the best parody of pop music to be seen in a video game to date . Although Angela seems to have disappeared.Also interesting are the side-scrolling Captain Quark games you complete in order to unravel parts of the plot . They 're fun little forays into old-school that play a lot smoother than the platformers I remember.This is an awesome trilogy , and I recommend it to anybody who likes platformers or third-person adventurers . It 's a lovingly crafted game with tons of explody weapons , and my only complaint about the whole series is that the games are n't longer .
 This Game is my favorite game ! I love the ability to upgrage weapons . I got this game and I could n't stop playing it ! I beat it three times , and it keeps getting better , because there are 99 chalenge modes , each is the same game , but it gets harder every time . I recommend this to anyone who owns a Playstation 2 !
 I 've played the first two Ratchet & Clank ; games , the first was fantastic and the second was even better . This one is good but I expected a little more . I 'm going to name all the good things and bad things in the game.The good -- Great gameplay , just like all the Ratchet & Clank ; games.-Quark vid comics , a side scrolling mini game which is very fun.-Two quick select rings.-Mini battles which you can do.-Better puzzles in my opinion.The bad -- Hoverbike races are completely gone.-No more ship battles , instead you have to fight as some bulky hovercraft.-Game is too short and too easy , especially for experienced R&C ; players.-Medicore multiplayer , -LRB- copys unreal tournament -RRB- which gets really boring after a while.-Guns do the same things but have different names , like the lancer is now the storm . There are a few new ones like the rift inducer.-Feels too much like the second one , I expected a little bit more out of this game.This game definitly good , I just think it could have been better . I would reccomend it , but maybe you should wait for the price to drop to $ 20 or $ 30 .
 This is without a doubt the most fun I have ever had on the PS2 . The single player lasts about 15hrs if you just beat what needs to be beated and 25 hrs if you actually try to get 100 % including playing a challenge mode after you beat the game where you get new weapons and can unlock the fantastic insomniac museam , a showcase of things cut out or a closer look at things left in the game . The story is extremely well written with very funny cutscenes that I will not ruin here . Even the background noise is funny . One area is a starport so they mock the announcments you hear in airports . My personal favorite is , `` Please keep all appendages at your sides at all times . Raised appendages will result in disentigration . Any questions ? '' -LRB- If you are slow on the uptake by raising you hand to ask a question you would be disentigrated -RRB- . There are great plot twists and the finale is not dissipointing in the least . Truly the hardest boss fight ever . Oh and all the weapons will make you beg for more . My personal favorites are the rift inducer which creates small black holes and the liquid nitrogen gun which turns your enemies into ice . Overall the single player would garner the game a 10/10 for me . But thats not all.The Online portion of the game -LRB- or multiplayer I guess but online is really the way to go -RRB- is truly phenominal . Team based siege and capture the flag modes are truely teamwork based and real satisfaction is felt from winning . Meanwhile deathmatch is just crazy fighting but it is seriously fun . The interface is simple and the equipment for online is not expensive so it should truly be considered . With online this game gets a 20/10 . It is truly the most fun you will have . Oh and for anyone against it because of kiddyness , there are many mature references which as a 16 year old I certainly found hilarious . -LRB- amoiboids gone wild directors cut , what will the slimy coeds do when the camera role -RRB- and last time I checked obliterating aliens is hardly cute . So BUY BUY BUY !
 Sony 's game-making unit has had several hits come out of their house of ideas , the Sly Cooper , Jak & Daxter and SOCOM series among them . But for those who like a game that combines the fun of Sly with the weapon-blasting of SOCOM but without the dark undertones of the Jak series , there is Ratchet & Clank . So far the unlikely duo of a weasel-like hero -LRB- Ratchet -RRB- and his small yet reliable partner in heroism -LRB- Clank -RRB- have had gamers running and gunning through 2 hits -LRB- the original and R&C ;
 This is a replacement for the original game , we 've played it so much ! :-RRB- It 's got all the challenge you 'd expect from a Ratchet and Clank game and more . The games main focus is on upgrading your weapons . Each can be upgraded to level 5 - then you purchase the 6th level and upgrade it to level 8 . It 's got 5 levels of a Captain Qwark 2D side-scroller gameThe Dynamo/Swing-Shot are now mixed with a third one into the Hacker Device . The Hacker is used to unlock doors through a very cool new many game . There is also armor to buy , Clank levels to play , Charge/Magna/Grind Boots , Ratchet Skins , skill points/cheats , titanium bolts and Trophy 's to find/earn . There is also a Championship Level replay here and the End Boss Battle is the toughest in the series , including the new R&C ; : Future Tools of Destruction.This game introduces the Hovership -- for ship to ground and ship to ship combat . There is also a four wheeled all terrain vehicle that you drive , while a monkey does the firing . There is also arena combat and you can even try weapons before you can buy them.If you have them , make sure to insert a memory card with R&C ; 1 and 2 saves on it to get a free skin , free weapons and a one-time only discount.This is my second favorite R&C ; game , after # 2 -- it rocks !
 This game is okay . The music 's still excellent , as well as the humor , but what you have to fight is more upsetting
 This is one of the best games ever for the ps2 . The levels are great , with multiple enemies to annialate , with a ton of weapons . U can use guns from ratchet and clank 1 , and ratchet and clank
 was Ratchet and Clank
 This great game does not require any previous experience in the R/C series , and most magazines rated it a perfect 10 out of 10 . It teaches players to handle and operate 21 animated weapons and battle the evil Dr. Nefarious , who wants to rid the world of all organic life forms . The controls are easy and it will keep you entertained for the 50 hours of gameplay it gives you -LRB- including Challenge Mode -RRB- . So go ahead , buy this game , and venture into a world where bolts are currency and Secret Agent Clank is the best T.V. show .
 I have been a fan of the series since the original Ratchet and Clank . I love the colorful worlds , the crazy weapons , the fun puzzles , and the nonstop action . The story is that you are trying to save the galaxy from the evil Dr. Nefarious . He wants to get rid of all organic life forms . He reffers to them as squishy . Well anyway , I beat the game in exactly 15 hours and 10 minutes , and immediatly started it over , so I could get the big weapons like the RYNO 3 , and the upgraded rift inducer . It is just as fun the second time around , and you can spend some time looking for hidden platinum bolts that you use to upgrade your weapons . Overall , I love games like Halo , Red Faction , Twisted Metal , and other games themed toward an older audience , but when it comes down to it , I have more fun playing this game than I ever have playing any other . It is suited for kids , and adults alike , it has a medium difficulty level , and is easy to pick up , and very , very hard to put down . Please get this game .
 One week ago I was just like you , wondering whether to buy the latest Ratchet and Clank game or maybe just rent it . Well I bought it finally because I could n't hold back my curiosity and here is what I thought ... Well the story does n't really matter , same old universe is going to be destroyed and Ratchet and Clank have to stop the bad guy ... all we care about is blowing stuff up right ??? Well just look on the back of the case for the story , that does n't change , what people thought of it does.First of all people keep saying how short it is . It took me just as long as the other two games even thought the levels were shorter it took me longer to level up all the weapons to beat very strong opponents . In addition the multiplayer was fun but like you I was buying the game more for the role playing adventure . It did seem to disappoint me , the first few levels were extremely easy and gave me second thoughts but all of a sudden the enemies became really hard and I found myself doing tournament battles to strengthen my weapons . The game seemed to put more of an emphasis on battles than puzzles , maneuvering and acrobatics than the previous games . The multiplayer levels were in the actually game hidden making it like a tutorial for the multiplayer . It got really annoying helping those stupid `` Galactic Rangers '' out all the time and sometimes they would leave you alone to fight in this big environment all by yourself which normally on multiplayer you would have friends to fight with you.Pros : - 20 weapons in total - The Rift Inductor , this weapon deserves a line of its own and is totally cool , suck your opponents into a black hole , you can combine them to make it bigger - New gadgets are more original and more fun to use - Opponents are more challenging - Five versions of upgrades , so there is more replay value - The RYNO returns in the RY3NO - 5 free weapons from Going Commando is you have it 's save file on your memory card - Qwark Vid-Comics -LRB- like Super Mario with a 3D twist -RRB- - That Ratchet and Clank humor , lol , Brittney Spears became Courtney Gears . - Multiplayer is a nice addition . - No more bridge bots or smash bots with Clank on his own instead he has Scrunch the monkey to help him outCons : - You do n't always get what you see , most of the time opponents appear out of nowhere and catch you off guard - Only about 3 or 4 of the weapons are original new ones , most of them are taken from previous games -LRB- Suck Cannon is now Vortex Cannon , Glove of Doom and those Synthazoids make Agents of Doom , Lancer is N60 Storm -RRB- - Shock Cannon and Plasma whip become very weak later on in the game - If you have a Going Commando Save File it is a cinch to get every weapon on your first try cause bolts are easy to come by - Levels are short and small with an average on only one mission on each planet - Spaceship battles now are hover ship fights , they only have one type of attack and are , I think , hard to control . - Replay Level is low due to the fact that all weapons and armor can easily be accessed in the first time through , once again I 'm speaking from having a Going Commando save file . - Last Boss Battle was too easy in my opinion , well maybe with the shield from GC it was . - No rail grinding :-LRB- - Titanium Bolts -LRB- Gold and Platinum -RRB- are only to purchase new outfits for ratchet ... some of them are cool but I like to see the actual actors talking not just staring at a helmet on his head . This does n't really want to make me go out of my way for these . - Trophies were added but I 'm not quite sure what they are used for , they are found like Titanium bolts and really do n't seem to have any useFinal Note
 I love this game . The single player is great as well is the multiplayer . You get to fight people in the multiplayer mode . Three words - GET THIS GAME !!!
 Ratchet and Clank
 Kudos to the creators of this game . This is the best Ratchet & Clank to date . Great graphics , interesting puzzles and the robots absolutely stole the show . Ca n't wait until the next one comes out ... soon I hope .
 This game is the best !! All of the three of the games are must buys . the multiplayer is fun with four people . In the multiplayer you can be different people besides ratchet . you can be a snow man which is cool . if you are thinking about buying it do n't think anymore . BUY IT .
 Better that most games ! I am a huge fan to the series and have beaten both of the other 2 . this one is better than the first one and the second one and jak 1,2 , and3 alll put toghether . singleplayer rocks . theres this new thing called battlefield missions . you get paied big bolts to do them . you actualy have people -LRB- bots -RRB- on your team when u play them . its cool before almost every battlefield mission you freefall drop out of your dropship with 6 other people -LRB- the rangers , robots trying to keep the piece -RRB- and you have to dodge missles as thes shoot up at you . sadly , i am pretty shure that only 2 randgers survive the jump cause they get hit with missles and stuf . some missions woy start on the ground and kill the enemeys as they dropship in to the battle its soo cool . well i got to go to school now so BUY THIS GAME
 This is a great game . I 'm a newbie and really enjoy playing this for hours .
 Okay in the very beginning you start out on a spaceship playing galactic chess with clank when you get news of a tyrannoid invasion on a planet called veldin and that 's where the whole adventure begins . If you want some info on how to win cheats , gadgets and new outfits I 'm the gamer to talk to . I can also give you some info on how to win with very little trouble . I say very little because there are a few parts of the game that you have to use your head to figure out like the boss battles , or some of the missons on anialation nation , you have to study the enemies moves and find the perfect react and attack time.You also have to use your head to find secret areas wich contain titanium bolts these are what you use to by the different outfits I mentioned sometimes you need certain gadgats to find or reach the titanium bolts . You have to search hard to find some of these gadgets and others are hard to get a hold of because they cost a heck of a lot of money or bolts . Most people would usually just go crazy and buy every gun in the game without thinking about anything . But armor is just as important as the guns if not more , so be sure not to forget about armor.Break all boxes especially ones with blue contents inside.This is the health open to you in the game it 's called nanotech . after surviving massive amounts of enemies , or damadge your nanotech level increases.Skillpoints are what opens up cheat codes . To get skill points complete challenges and ranger missons . To be good at this game it takes practice , patience , perserverence , and reflex.This is a great game I defenatly reccomended it .
 Ratchet and clank uya is a great game . You rush through plantes and kill animes . you get to buy wepons and upgrade them as you go . This is good because they gain power . One thing that makes this game great is being able to play as clank not gust ratchet.The online mode is great now you can bring you skills to a high level . And play people all over the place . Anothe rgreat thing you can do is play 2-4 local player . So this way you and your firends can take out your anger out on each other . And still Have your firends .
 Ratchet & Clank are back and tearing up the galaxy yet again . Single player is every bit as good as the previous two , and the new multiplayer kicks like a RYNO ! If you have any interest whatsoever in 3D platform/shooter type games , this is a must have .
 I was hoping Insomniac would go for a completely different style , graphically at least . They did n't ... and it does n't look too different from the FIRST game . Still , this series tends to be excellent , and I suppose I can forgive the dated look .
 I Love Almost All Adventure Games And I Think Rachet and Clank Is One of The Best Series I Ever Played Because How Drammatic Rachet Can Get , -LRB- Aceept When He 's Pissed Off -RRB- And Because The Twist of The Story Line , Awesome Grarpics , Powerful Weapons , Industrive Armor , Stupid Bosses , Plus Blowing Crap!The Only Think I Do n't Like Is How Much Armor And Weapons Cost Because I Ca n't Get 1,000,000 Soon . Still , I Love This Series And If You Do n't , You Can Curl Up To Your Precious Mario Games . If You Have A PS2 I Recomend This Series.-Nik 9
 This game , if anything like the others , should be the best & quot ; destroyer game & quot ; ever ! I heard there is going to be a plasma wave , Nitro-Bomb , and an Infusionak-Blaster !
 I just beat the game.it was pretty hard even though ive never played it .
 This is gunna be so cool cuz : new weaponsnew upgradesnew levelsonlinemultiplayersmarter aigreat graphicsgreat sound
 This game is more entertaining and fun than the first two . -LRB- although , I enjoyed them also -RRB- . The only complaint I have is the game was not long enough . After one month I have already completed it twice . But , it was just as fun the second time .
 This , suprisingly , is my first Ratchet and Clank game , and I 'm pleased to say I was totally satisfied . The game 's graphics are awesome . Voice overs are great and the cutsscenes are hilarious . But enough about background info and more about the game!The main plot it that a robot doctor named Dr. Nafarious is attempting to command an army of robots and completely wipe out the `` squishies , '' or organic life forms . Your mission is to stop him.I 'm pleased to say that this game consist 's of many worlds to visit . There are many enemies around the corner , leaving non-stop action and shooting . Gagets are plentiful , and each can be upgraded five times . There is momre strategy than expected in this semi-shooting game as well . For example , there are multiple routes to take , many jumps to perform , and definately lots ways to kill your enemies.This game also has many side quests like collecting sewer crystals for bolts and Annihilation Nation 's optional side quests , allowing for lots of replay value!Two multi-player modes are available too , local , and online . Local multi-player deals with plugging in two controllers and playing with the person next to you . You may play as multiple players -LRB- like a snowman -RRB- and there are many worlds to play the four different multi-player game modes -LRB- ex capture the flag -RRB- . The online section lets you play with people all over the world , but I have not quite figured out how to use it ... Overall it 's great , and I 'd recommend to anyone !
 i am a natural fan of this game , and am a proud owner of all the ratchet and clank games from insomniac games , and all the games in the jak and daxter sieres from naughty dog ... and overall i think that this game and jak II are the greatest achievments that these wonderfull corperations have made , i say this because i thank them for giving me somthing to do , rather than laying in bed , or trying to beat the game for the 50th time on some other game ... but this game has it all ... the multiplayer is fun with someone else , but if you are alone then this is the game for you , instaed of those small MINI games that are usually not includuded in most games , there are hoverbike races , arena combats , and so much more ! plus did i mention that this is the first game in the sieries that playes online with a standard high - speed broad band connection ? well u becha it does ... setup for online takes only minutes ... so it goes online , has basicly MAXI games , and an awsome adventure mode plot . i would endefinetly encourage you to buy this game ...
 this game has it all nice weapons and nice and sweet guns whoah this game is hot i beat dr nefarious and whoah was it fun !!!!!!!!! You should try it onlineGame Details : Graphics
 Ratchet and clank 3 is the best game I ever played . It 's a must get game . The gameplay is really fun . You can buy armor and weapons and upgrade them . You go to planets and are assigned missions to beat . along the way you can get gadgets , which help you through the game.The graphics were really good . The music and voiceovers are also very good . You must get this game .
 This game is the best game made for PS2 ! The newest and best addition to the Ratchet and Clank series so far ! Online play with this game is the best ... you can get up to 8 people in one game and fight with each other to the finish ! Siege , Capture the Flag , and Deathmatch ... along with the single player story mode , makes this game the best ! I am addicted to online play and I have made many friends . Cooperate with your teammates with a PS2 headset and you get to talk to your team and strategize to win ! 1000000 Stars ! - bryanleo
 I just adored the ` Going Commando ' , which had a crazy gleeful spirit like a teenager full of energy . The developers must have had a ball maxing out their creativity in the variety of weapons , terrain , and game play , it shows - there 's such vibe of joyful , unfettered creativity throughout the game that was so wonderful and yet so rare.So , I had sky-high expectations for ` Up Your Arsenal ' , and maybe that 's why I 'm a bit disappointed . It 's like ` Phantom Menace ' was a huge-budget film that was crafted very carefully , but it did not have the level of energy and joy of the original ` Star Wars ' . Similarly , ` Up Your Arsenal ' has a self-conscious feel to it , as it tries almost too hard to be funny , and hip , and sophisticated . It seems that the game developers were told not to screw up the sequel , so they became very cautious and conservative . In the game , Clank is a celebrity and Ratchet a responsible soldier , addressed as ` Sargie ' by the robot marines . Both title characters seem unsure anymore who they are and what they 're about - are they supposed to act like responsible heroes , or like immature savengers who LOVE hunting for treasures in the sewers ? If both , how are they any different than Captain Qwark , whom they hold in disdain?It did not help that the ` enemies ' are just awfully stupid . For example , you snipe a guard who dies violently with a scream , but the follow guards who are just 6 feet away do not notice ANYTHING ! By the 50th time this happens , you begin to get angry - why did the makers of this game made the adversaries so stupid and hapless ? Ironically , the good-guy robot marines are very sinister looking , while the enemy aliens are cuddly-cute . These flaws contributed to take some fun out of annhilating these aliens , which other reviewers also mentioned.That said , Dear Insomniac , please do NOT make Ratch and Clank # 4 a 'M ' rated clunker like UbiSoft did with ` Prince of Persia - WEARY Within ' . Just make the enemies smarter , so that when Ratchet starts smashing up boxes noisily some 10 feet away from the guards , the enemies actually notice and take offensive actions . For the smaller creatures , instead of making them swarm out in unison like suicidal cannon-fodders , have them attack like bees would , so that Ratchet is forced to run away or adopt new strategy.Also , please make the ` Challenge ' mode more sophisticated than just adding hit points to enemies . The challenge mode is useless , since the creatures are as stupid as before , but just takes more ammo to kill them . If you -LRB- Insomniac -RRB- keep being conservative with ` Ratchet and Clank ' to preserve its financial success , then you can be sure that the franchise will wither away very quickly .
 The Ratchet and Clank title is perhaps the best platformer for the PS2 . There 's little to criticize as far as game play goes . You 're either familiar with the game by now or you are n't . If you are n't , rewind and go read reviews on the original . `` Up Your Arsenal '' is rushed . Rough edges haunt the production . The camera azimuth is just a few feet ahead of Ratchet , for example . Be prepared to constantly mess with the camera angles . I found a lot of areas with weird physics . And the title name promises lots of weapons , but really , only a handful morph into something really different . Same thing , different color.The second title , `` Going Commando '' is the best of the series so far . By comparison , this newest one is an embellished overworked and overthough sucessor.But still , we 're talking the best of the best . It 's a great game by any other standard than comparing it to early titles .
 I 've been a fan of R&C ; since no1 , which was released around Christmas 2002 , and I find that no3 of the series not only concluded the trilogy but also had all the problems or not so good bits tweaked at . Although , they did n't really need to tweak much as even R&C ; 1 was a masterpiece.Yet again this game has another version of the Rhyno called the R3yno -LRB- can be obtained by completing game -RRB- . Gladiators fights are also back but now you can get multiplayer -LRB- can be online -RRB- and some levels feature a mode were you actually do a specific mission one at a time for bolts as you fight along side of the galactic rangers.The only series which can compete with this series is the Jak and Daxter series.This is series is 1 of the reasons why PS2 is simply the best !
 Ratchet and Clank have always had a good series , but this isa unbelievable ! If you love Jak and Daxter -LRB- I think it sucks -RRB- than I think that you would have a lot more fun with this . More weapons , more strategy , more enemies , and a lot of stuff to blow up !! And it includes a multiplayer obtion and online gaming , something that Jak 3 does n't .
 An action adveture and a shooter rolled into one ! It dose n't stop there though , it has great multiplayer and it 's even online !! The weapons are extremely creative and they all can be upgraded to 8 diffrent forms each getting even stronger ! -LRB- The RY3NO can only be upgraded 5 times though . -RRB- Only two flaws in the game is the diffuclty in beating the game with out getting all the stuff and the story could be better . Bottom line
 this game is my second favorite game . it has a whole lot of great things about it . first of all , the multiplayer . it has alot of fun modes -LRB- siege , capture the flag and deathmatch -RRB- , in online and offline gameplay , and it 's very very fun . but the game also has alot to it 's single player gameplay . i think the storyline was great , and the cutscenes and movies are extremely funny . the game also has alot of weapons with 5 upgrades for each , and another thing i liked about the game is your headquartes . you can go there anytime you want , and you have a weapon vendor there , an armor vendor -LRB- and you can trst new weapons there before you buy them -RRB- , a trophy room -LRB- for special tasks you do -RRB- , an arena in which you can fight enemies and test new gadgets , and , my favorite , play 5 different arcade games in which you play as captain quark.and of course , you go there for mission briefing.also , aside from arena battles , there are battle missions , in which you fight tyrranoids -LRB- which are evil aliens that are controlled by the bad guy , doctor nefarious -RRB- with thew help of some other robots . these are very fun , as you need to do different things , like taking a plane and attacking the enemie 's base , or assassinate four different commanders , or turn on a defensive circle of turrets , or . . . well , you get the idea . they 're really fun.and also there are alot of bosses , and the replay value is great . like i mentioned above , there is a trophy room , in which you can earn trophies by doing special tasks or by just finding them -LRB- there is a type you find and another type you earn by doing special missions -RRB- and if you earn them all you get a very interesting thing . so i definitely recommend you buy this game .
 I have just recently gotten a PS2 and I 've been renting R and C gmaes for the past few weeks . I first got GC and now I 've rented UYA . UYA has gotten me hooked on it for the last week now , and I 've been playing for hours each day , getting one step closer to getting every Titanium Bolt , or enoguh money for a RY3NO or something along the lines of that . The game itself is very funny , so this is n't one of those first person shooters with everything in chaos and there 's nothing funny about it . No , this game has quite a few funny things about it , although I 've heard from past reviews that they relate to pop culture events . I 've actually only gotten one or two of the jokes , but they are pretty funny . GC on the other hand holds just plain funny jokes that you do n't need to know alot to get . The only reason I 'm telling you about this is since I take my funny seriously . Probably my favorite thing about this game though is either the wide variety of weapons , or that there are so many unique things about the game . What I 'm trying to say is yu do n't just go run around blowing stuff up -LRB- Although you do that alot . -RRB- , there 's extra missions that you get to work with robots against the tyrannoids ; aliens that have guns and ships and saucers that are fun to kill . Or how about attempting to collect every single titanium bolt so you can have every single skin . There 's a wide variety of stuff to do and it almost never gets old . And hten there 's weapons . From freaky robot things that shoot lasers , and then cause a nuclear explosion to a gun that creates black holes , to the classic sniper , or my personal favorite , the Rynocerator , the strongest weapon in the game that 's a bundle of fun to use . There 's many other things that make this game great , and one of the more useful things about the game is that it can be played by both adults and kids . If you 're a kid , all you have to do is get the Rynocerator , and the game wo n't be ezxtremely difficult . If you 're an adult on the other hand , you might like to use your wrench or some of the weaker weapons , instead of relying on the Rynocerator or Decimator , or whatever it is that you like so much . The entire game itself is just so beautiful , I just ca n't list how many great things there are in the game . There are only a few minor problems with the game , but that should n't stop you at all from buying this game , it 's my personal favorite so far .
 This game has a great story with gr8 mini-games action and puzzles . The diverse arsenal -LRB- as the name implies -RRB- is enough to cause massive mayhem to exterminate the tyranoids and dr. nefarious . All though the game is intended for teens and older , there are still kids that play and are really good . The online is where the fun is meant to be . With 8 different weapons and equipped with a wrench for default the many different choices to play are team deathmatch , deathmatch , ctf , and siege which is like a seek and destroy . If you like cartoonish arcade style shooters or u just want to have fun I recomend Ratchet and Clank
 Of all the cool games ive played this has to be one of the coolest . Not only is the single player good but the online is awesome . You can play with your friend down the street or something or have loads of fun upgrading weapons in single player .
 First things first ... when you get this game go into the options menu and change your controls to LOCK-STRAFE MODE . If anyone else had their hands contorted in strange ways to use the sheepinator effectively during the impossible challenge in Going Commando , then you know what I 'm talking about.Now that we have that out of the way , if you missed the suck cannon in the second one , it 's back ; if you were disappointed at the effectiveness of the returning weapons in the second one , you wo n't be in this one ; if you were a fan of the hologuise from the first one -LRB- you have problems -RRB- , it 's back and a lot more fun ; if you really loved the racing in the second one and ca n't wait to try out the new tracks in the third one STOP RIGHT NOW ... sorry to disappoint but no racing in UYA . I 'll make you a deal though because I bet you 'll love the Vidcomics even more.Who would have thought that the first stab at an online portion of the game could have created such a solid experience ? Seriously , it is virtually flawless . CTF , assault , deathmatch , cool weapons -LRB- some throwbacks -RRB- that you can upgrade , buddy up in vehicles , capture nodes ... just good plain fun.Story ? awesome ... although I would recommend if you have n't played through the first 2 that you do that first , but I 'm sure that goes without saying.For the sake of all that 's holy , play through a second time ; The RY3NO is so much better than the RYNO II.Can ' t wait for Deadlocked ... RCarsenal member
 This is one of the best games I have ever played . It has many fun features and online gameplay . I love the funny cutscenes and how well the characters blend together . If you liked the Jak series , you will love Ratchet and Clank ! I love having the feature of online gameplay ! I play with friends a lot who also love the game5/5 , definately a best-buy ! - Zodiac910
 The Ratchet and Clank series is simply an amazing series . This one however , beats both the first and second one three fold . Not only is there now multiplayer , but there 's online mode which is so fun to play . I 've played the game at least 8 times through and the storyline is still as funny as the first time I played . The weapons are awesome ranging from a simple Blaster type gun to a gun that shoots 4 missiles at a time to a gun that shoots out Black Holes . Each gun can even be upgraded from Version one to Version 5 and then Version 6 to Version 8 -LRB- only in Challenge mode in which you must beat the game once through before you can play Challenge -RRB- . The enemies are even tougher and the characters are hilarious . The online play is awesome mostly because you can communicate with your teammates . Theres even three different modes of gameplay in online mode.I strongly suggest any fan of action games and anyone with a good sense of humor should buy the entire series.StefanRCArsenal Member
 This game is great the weapons are better in the game than Ratchet and Clank 1 or 2 . There is a lot of great gameplay and great cinamatics . The secret museum is also very awesome . Its worth the money . There is even a great site for people who like the game .
 In my opinion , I think this game was a very impressive game . First off , exploration here is pretty good . The levels were somewhat massive , awesome graphics , pretty unique guns , everything what a person who likes Adventure/Shooter games would dream of . The bosses have resonable difficulty , awesome vehicles , weird skill points , and much more . This game is pretty vital to all avid gamers 's collections , or just another awesome game to be with all your others smash hits . Overall , this game manages to pull off what any gamer would expect from a Insomniac Game , and amazes , and impresses everyone , everywhere . -- mareusio
 I 'll start off by saying that my favorite game series has always been the metal gear series . I waited months for snake eater to come out and was extremely excited to get it for my birthday . the other game i got was R&C ;
 This game has some of the humor I love from this series . However , this game seems incomplete to me . The plot is n't as engaging and has no twists that came in the previous games . Also , some of the mini games I really enjoyed in the past are n't here any more . No grind boots , spaceship fights , the fighting arena is n't as cool as the one featured in Going Commando ... The vid comics are interesting however . But overall , while this is a fun game , I thought it did n't shine as much as the others . Perhaps Insomniac games put too much time and effort into developing the multiplayer aspect of it . Even a number of the minigames seem to be similar to the multiplayer game levels ... I think a R&C ; with cooperative multiplayer would be much more fun . . being able to cruise through normal levels with a partner to back you up would be fantastic.They did keep the challenge mode , so kudos for that and the ability to level up weapons multiple times keeps it interesting .
 First the bad :1 . -RRB- Hoverboard and hoverbike races are gone . Because of this some people percieve this game as being short .2 . -RRB- Puzzles are not as good as the last ones ' 3 . -RRB- Even though weapons are pretty original , some of them lose their usefulness by mid-game , even fully upgraded . -LRB- Rift Inducer is the coolest thing in the game , though -RRB- .4 . -RRB- Its hard to control the aircraft and fire its cannons at the same time .5 . -RRB- Titanium Bolts are useless -LRB- you can only buy new skins with them -RRB- The good :1 . -RRB- The graphics have improved once again .2 . -RRB- You now have 2 Quickselect rings3 . -RRB- `` Old '' weapons have been improved4 . -RRB- AI is much better .5 . -RRB- The story and cutscenes are very entertaining6 . -RRB- Quark minigames are pretty cool too.Overall a very good title , but could have been more . I still feel that I should have waited for the price reduction .
 Well , I was proven wrong . I 've played the Spyro the Dragons and the Jaxx and Daxters and they did n't really do it for me . But Ratchet and Clank Up Your Arsenal is a darn good platormer.First of , this game is just loads of fun . Single player is great with tons of weapons and at times some pretty intense game play . The story is also very lighthearted and fun . Veteran gamers may find the single player a bit easy to start , but the level of difficulty increases as time goes on.The graphics are gorgeous and the levels are detailed with lots of hidden areas and other things to find.Where the game earns it 's rating is the multiplayer . The multiplayer is the perfect synthesising of a classic deathmatch style shooter with platforming asthetics . If you do n't have online for your PS2 , then get it to play this game.I dock it one star because the single player is reptititous at times and there are a few graphical glitches , but that 's to be expected on the PS2 . But overall this game is very satisfying . And if your like me and generally dislike platformers , then this game should be pleasantly surprising .
 This is the BEST game EVER -LRB- Triple Underline that -RRB- . Yeah , I said it , this is THE BEST GAME EVER !!! Better than Jak , Better than GTA
 The title pretty much says it all . If you 're shopping for the best game in this amazing series , this is it . Not even the PS3 installments have topped this game . Everything about it is flawless and memorable . I highly recommend playing the first two games before playing this -LRB- the third -RRB- . Because they 're great games as well . That and the story line will make better sense if you experience it from the very beginning . But that 's not a must . Either way , this is THE Ratchet & Clank game . And it still ranks rightfully among the greatest games of all time .
 As I sit here , I can not make a single solitary complaint about this game . The story is entertaining , the gameplay is fun , and the controls are truly flawless . I am so in love with the third-person shooter controls in Up Your Arsenal that I wish every developer would employ them in their shooter games.Most of the gameplay will consist of platforming , killing robots , collecting bolts -LRB- money , -RRB- and upgrading your weapons . Your weapons are really what it 's about -LRB- if the Arsenal in the title did n't give it away . -RRB- There are Area of Effect weapons , Sniping weapons , and even strange Sci-Fi weapons -LRB- suck enemies into a vortex , turn them into ducks , etc. -RRB- The weapons are so diverse that it puts strategy into the shooting . What gun you use and where you use it is often the deciding factor between victory and frustration . This is n't to say that you ca n't run and gun -LRB- or jump and gun in this case , -RRB- but you 'll be returning to check points a little more often if you do.The cutscenes are well voiced , and the scripting is laid back and humorous . This game wo n't give your little one nightmares like Silent Hill , and it 's not blood-soaked like GTA or God of War . All in all , this is one of the best PS2 games I 've ever played .
 I just recently beat this game and it was fun . There are so many weapons to choose from . My favorite weapon was the rift inducer . It makes a black hole and all the enemies in the area get sucked in . The people that made this game really used their imagination with some of these weapons . I enjoyed every minute and would recommend this game to anyone .
 I have n't been playing these games for long , but after playing the first and second , I wanted to see the third . Many have given it almost a 10 out of 10 in ratings and there actually right . It does n't have much of a different feel than the second game but it sure did n't let me down . Your nanotech still upgrades along with your weapons with the more things you kill , there is similar music , control , and challenges from Going Commando . The fun gladiator arenas are back , with even tougher challenges . Classic characters from the series return like Al , Slim Cognito , Captian Qwark , and Skid McMarx . I give this game 5 stars because quite possibly , this game brings out the best in the PS2 .
 For action , this is definitely the kind of game u would like to play .
 ALL THE RACHET AND CLANK GAMES KIK AZZ AND THIS ONE SHOULD BE NO DIFFERENT !!! IF YOU HAVE 1 TO 4 FRIENDS THAN BUY THE HEADSET AND HEAD ONLINE !!! THIS GAME IS GOING TO ROCK !!! 11 !!! ONE ONE EXCLAMATION EXCLAMATION !!!! 11AND YES , I DID KNOW THAT MY CAPS LOCK WAS ON .
 this game seems so awesome , just the front got me hooked on buying it , the multi-player thing is sick -LSB- not in the bad way -RSB- and well its just AWESOME , its a must , there 's this place on the internet somewhere and on it its got it $ 40 plus postage and handling .
 this game is great it has the best graphics i also recommend the ratchet deadlocked . this game has all shooter game elements . Me i play online all the time as you should . Online is so much fun !
 It is good for multiplayer cuz im a multiplayin guy but there was a prob in my online multiplay . 4/5 dudes
 Well this game has alot in it , let 's start with the Normal gamesplay . The game itself is fun , bam boom yeah ! but in this one there were not any forms of racing games in it , like the other two . the weapons were awsome , its so fun to upgrade them , most weapons can upgrade up to 8 times yeah ! although the game was to short . i beat it in 14 hours , as going comando took me 29 hours of gameplay . the armor in the game is not as cool as going commando , and some of the levels were alot like the first ratchet and clank . but i loved the game it was realy funny with the cut scenes , but what happend to Ratchet and Clanks Girls , o well . there is also a part in the game were you play as ratchet playing a video game . That mini game is very fun . the online is awsome -LRB- my name online is Blue rat -RRB- the siege part is so fun and i love the swingshot parts -LRB- you swing around like tarzan -RRB- and its fun to blow people up . every player is different and it realy changes the game ! iloved it so Much and a hope Insomniac makes a new one for the PS3 when it come out next summer . Great game fun even after you beat it , the RY3NO weapon is awsome until you upgrade it the 5th time . anyway the game is a 4 out of 5
 There Most Definatly is , a God , he ** there must be a thousand CUS RATCHET AND CLANK ARE BACK !!!!! the 2nd one was the best game i have ever played , the graphics were insane , the AI did n't give u the run-around , the weapons , holy crap , the weapons , they are incredible , in how many games do u get a fully automatic homing missile launcher ??? how many game can you turn ur enimies into SHEEP !?!?!?!?!? how many ??? ratchet and clank is most definatly the best gaemm series in th ehistory of games no question.If any game is gunna win game of the year i know ! it will be ratchet and clank 3 there is n't a shout of doubt . it is incredible !!! the replay value , the graphics , the plot , the origionality , ONLINE !!! omg that will be awsome !!! i WILL ruin at least two controllers playing this game i garuntee u !!! any ways , if any game , u will get the most out of your money with this game , this series has made insomniac , i heard , not def . at all , but r & c4 ; is supposed to come out as a launch title for the next playstation thats just wut i heard sorry if it is inaccurate.PEACE OUT !!! RATCHET FOR PREZ !!!!
 Own 1 & 2 and absolutly LOVED them . If its from insominac , u know its going to be great . Loved thier Spyro -LRB- 1 & 3 -RRB- as well . Ca n't wait , November seems too long away :--LRB- But it will be worth it .
 Wit hnewly relesed info from insomnic , there will be over 30 weapons . It has gotten 10/10 in every magazine and has rated over Jak III .
 This game is going to be a lot more fun than the First two . This time around , the weapons upgrade a whole lot faster and can be upgraded three times . There is a nitro launcher that upgrades to its final form which is a nitro eruptor . This is a good weapon of choice for a boss battle . i 'm only twelve but I 'm an expert at video games
 Ok so shooting up aliens and stuff is a little violent , especially considering we do n't have any guns in the house -LRB- toy or deadly -RRB- but the kids love it and my wife plays for hours on end . Very funny and the best game of the series in my oponion .
 I 've enjoyed all the Ratchet & Clank games and I 've played them for the last couple of years . My favourite is the second game , but this new game is a lot of fun and the on-line features give it a new dimension . Ratchet 's personality has matured and Clank is ever the loyal sidekick.There is a lot more humour in this new game and I have had a lot of laughs playing this game . Honestly , if you are feeling down or bored , this game will cheer you up with its great sense of adventure and the laughs along the way.Captain Qwark is , as always , one of the most amusing creations in the series and some of the older characters are brought back in this new game . I wonder what happened to Angela Croft from the second game ? Perhaps she has a part in Ratchet & Clank IV?The Ratchet & Clank series happens to be one of the best games out there !
 Ratchet and Clank
 This game rules i do n't know who in there right mind would give it 1 star and 2 boo it . This game rules . Graphics are good . And the shooting parts are awsome . Do n't waste your $ 40 on Jak 3 !! Get This game . It rules !!!
 I was dubious buying another ratchet and clank that looked like a clone of the first two , but this game delivers enough story and cool new weapons to make it a good buy . My son and I have always enjoyed Ratchet and Clank , so we jumped right into this one.The new weapons are cool , and they 've streamlined a lot of the mechanics -LRB- like making it easier to upgrade and buy new weapons , as well as a much needed &#34; refill all ammo &#34; selection -RRB- so a lot of the issues I had with the last game have been addressed . This allows for a quick jump into some cool new levels.If you 're expecting groundbreaking new features from the last game , do n't . But if you like the quirky duo , or want to jump into the series , then this is a great buy .
 My son plays this game a lot . He must like it very much . This is a relatively healthy game -- no violent . Good for a young teenager .
 My husband and grandson love it . It 's challenging yet fun . It has met all expitations that I thought it would .
 Ratchet and Clank do n't disappoint in this game , and here 's a helpful hint
 I absolutely adore Ratchet and Clank video games . This one was a lot of fun . I enjoy them more when I can explore worlds and kind of feel like it 's not just a death-match . This one was good at letting you feel as if you got a feel for the area at hand not just made for fighting . Reminds me of the first two games released , a great purchase .
 This game looks really sweet . New weapons , nitro launcher , infector , rift enducer , electro whip , and LOTS more ! The levels are ones that Ratchet has seen in the first game except different areas . This game is gon na be the best of the series , so preorder it cus you wont want to miss out!The release date is really November 9th .
 When I rented this game , my expectations were a little low . But this game turned out very good . The gameplay is fun , and you get cool weapons . My favorite is the Flux Rifle -LRB- sniper rifle -RRB- . The part I did n't enjoy much was using the Hacker . There is also an interesting story , with lots of funny parts . I recommend trying this game !
 this is one of the best games ever when i first started this game i was hooked on all the ratchet & clank games part is because one of the cheats is when you press r1 , l1 , r2 , and l2 you get to try the demo of sly cooper which is also a great game . it is fun for the whole family and not to hard and not to easy and it has some of the best weapons out all of the ratchet & clank . so it is a great game and if you do n't have it go and buy it as soon as possible
 Its a good game but not as good as all the others but its definetly close to being a really good game
 I bought this for my son . He 's very happy with it . Runs well and was a good price .
 This game is pretty good . The graphics are good and gameplay is too . My favorite character in this game is lawrence because he 's kinda funny . The game is fun in multiplayer as well . Multiplayer goes up to four players without adapter . I give this gae a 9.9 out of 10 .
 I love this game . I got a ps2 for x-mas , and this game , and i 've been addicted ever since . I even got so attached i went and bought Ratchet & Clank and Ratchet & Clank
 After i beat kingdom hearts , i tried some other games but they were just boring . Finally i tried this game at my cousin 's house i thought it was great . So i bought it and i 've been enjoying it ever-since . It is so cool how the guns get upgrades ! I 've never played a game like this before !
 This game is the best ! The original was great , the Sequel was even better , and now , here is the third one that is just astounding . There is no possibility that any other game could possibly match this one . Great graphics , challenging levels , and of course , perfect originality . I would recommend this game , along with the other two , to anyone who has a PS2 .
 This has got to be the best game of all time ! I thought the first two were awesome , but i had yet to see the best ! The environments are beautifully detailed , giving the player an awesome experience . All the new challenges and everything make this game more fun , and challenging , which is what a game is all about . The storyline is still funny , and more interesting , without it drifting off or anything like that.The best part has got to be the weapon and health upgrades ! This makes the game more interesting , fun , exciting , and worth playing for a longer period of time . Everyone likes weapons and blowing stuff up , right ? There 's also a multiplayer , online option that makes this game almost endless . You can play anyone nationwide , and show 'em what you 've got ! All those little extras at the end of the game are also here . The people at Insomniac really went all out on this game , considering they released it only one year after Going Commando ! All the arena games , missions , and weapons make this the most fun action/platform game of all time ! This game trully deserves a place in the video game Hall of Fame , in my opinion!written by ratchet_28
 Ratchet and clank is the third installment of the Ratchet and Clank series . It consists of a regular level play , combat , and arena style fighting . Combat is one of the new additions to the way you play Ratchet and Clank in combat one fight alongside the galactic rangers fending of attacks from the tyranoids . One of the great things about this game is the diverse weapon assortment and gadgets and that?s not all these weapons also upgrade making them better and more powerful . Also , the replay value of Ratchet and Clank UYA is immense once you beat the game you can go through it with challenge mode where you will have to upgrade your weapons even more due to the harder enemies . But wait that?s not all UYA also has online capabilities which allow you to play head to head with your friends in Death match , Capture the Flag , and Siege mode . Overall this game has a great plot , awesome graphics , sweet weapons , and lodes of replay value .
 This game is very underappreciated by the people who claim it is just another platformer . I almost believed it too but after reading the reviews I decided on buying it . This is one of the greatest games of all time . The story mode is imaginative and the online mode is the most fun you 'll ever have online with a playstation 2 . Buy this game and see what you 've been missing !!!
 I already had the 1st and 2nd game of the ratchet and clank series , and I just had to get this game . When I got it I was shocked at how much better it is than the others . Once I beat the game twice I thought there was nothing else to do ... but then I remembered it was an online game , then I bought the network adapter and I played it for at least two months . If you are looking for a good game GET THIS !!!! Go , buy it now !!!
 This game is awsome it is a must buy if you have a PS2 ! This game has so much in it ! Its a million times better then the other two ratchet games ! And thats saying something because those other two Games were awsome !! The guns in these games just keep getting better and better ! The storyline is funny and makes you want to watch the inbetween level movies that you would normaly skip in other games . And get this ! The game has online !! Oh Yeah ! you heard me u can play this game online with other people so the game never gets old ... and as for bad language that the other review talked about there is zero bad langauge in this game ... at one point someone is about to cus but is interupted by ratchet . There is no profanity in this game and People of all ages will love this game . Even adults ! This game has 20 different weapons to choose from and is a great game ! There is also a cool website for help with this games single player and online play its RCArsenal.com its a great site and will help you consideralbly with your gaming.-Thexgene14
 Ratchet and clank is the third installment of the Ratchet and Clank series . It consists of a regular level play , combat , and arena style fighting . Combat is one of the new additions to the way you play Ratchet and Clank in combat one fight alongside the galactic rangers fending of attacks from the tyranoids . One of the great things about this game is the diverse weapon assortment and gadgets and that 's not all these weapons also upgrade making them better and more powerful . Also , the replay value of Ratchet and Clank UYA is immense once you beat the game you can go through it with challenge mode where you will have to upgrade your weapons even more due to the harder enemies . But wait that 's not all UYA also has online capabilities which allow you to play head to head with your friends in Death match , Capture the Flag , and Siege mode . Overall this game has a great plot , awesome graphics , sweet weapons , and lodes of replay value.RCArsenal Username
 Ratchet and Clank
 This is a very awesome game ! A must have for fans of shooters and platformers . The game is complete with upgradeable weapons , armor , epic battles , and a comedic and intriguing story line . One of the most well liked features of this series is the light-hearted feel to it . Even when the mad scientist is about to destroy your home , you can still get a laugh or two ! Fans of weapon play will love the broad weapons range of Up Your Arsenal . There are well over 20 weapons that you can level up 8 times , to get the extremely powerful omega version.And I 've yet to mention the best new addition to the series ! ONLINE PLAY ! Now you , or you and a friend , can play online in an 8 player match of guns and vehicles . There are three fun-filled modes and 2 cool vehicles - the turboslider and a hovership for bombing from above ! The USB keyboard and headset are combatable with this game . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This game rules !!!! The only Proble is that it only took me a couple of hours -LRB- about 5 to beat -RRB- I would give it 5 stars !!!
 This is an attempt to give a brief , semi-informative review for those people who are still debating whether getting Ratchet & Clank 3 is worth it if you ca n't use the online play function , which is what most of the buzz around the game has been about.I can say the answer to that question is a resounding * yes ! * This game has fantastic graphics , great voice acting , a fun story , and engaging gameplay . I would n't recommend this game for anybody under ... 13 or so . There is a lot of cartoon violence , and the humor is a little dirtier than in previous R&C ; games.I gave the game a 5 in terms of fun and replay-ability . I played for nearly 8 hours the first day I had it . It 's fun storyline and ton of optional missions will keep you engaged . As in R&C ; 2 , you can upgrade weapons and armor , and although there are now four levels to go through , you do n't really see any significant increase in weapon strength until the final upgrade . One great feature of the game is the inclusion of the side-scrolling in-game , Captain Quark Vid-Comics . These brief little mini-games are fun to complete , give you great bonuses , and contain funny mini-movies that allow you to see into the life of your favorite big green `` hero '' . The enemies are more varied , and tougher than those in the previous two games . Even with leveled up weapons , it takes strategy to get through most areas , and will likely take more than one attempt . Where this game falls short compared to the other two is how brief it is . With a game this good , you want it to keep going ! Not only are there fewer worlds to explore , the worlds themselves are much less expansive and interactive as they used to be . In Going Commando , nearly everything was breakable , but in Up Your Arsenal , this fun aspect was sadly diminished . But , even though it 's shorter and less involved than it 's prequels , the game is still head and shoulders above most other platformers , or games of any other genre , for that matter .
 The ratchet and clank series have always been fun and action packed . This one is no exception . 3-D action shooters , platformers this game will keep you playing for hours .
 The game is definitely on my favorites list . The game is fun , the game itself is beautiful , and a nice story and plot . One of my favorite things about this game is that you can customize your ship . I also like the fact that you have your own home spaceship were you can see all your homies , train with new weapons , and explore . And instead of the game forcing you were to go , you can either go to the assigned planet , or go to a planet that you already completed and play on that level.I would say the youngest player could be about 8 to fully enjoy the game . And there are many difficulties to chose from . And parents , the game is blood free , mostly cartoon violence and lots of clean humor . But I suggest you play the first Ratchet and Clank games before this one to get a full grasp on the story and the characters .
 I have so much fun exploring all the different levels of R&C. ; I was a little concerned that the third game in the series would be a bit redundant but Insomniac Games did n't let me down ! Each level is beautiful and colorful . Finding the platinum bolts on each level are a welcome challenge.The enemies are comparable to the ones in the other games just a bit harder ... as they should be . The ninjas are irritating though . They come flipping and bouncing at you . I must say , it is a pleasure to just shoot them down with my annihilator ! Lol!This is a wonderful game for stress relief . All the bashing , shooting and humorous , little movie skits . I would recommend this game to anyone . There is something else I have noticed . The violence in this game is mainly directed at robots and space aliens . It 's refreshing not to be blowing another human to smithereens in a video game.Can ' t wait to get my copy of R & C ` Size Matters '' !
 This is an awesome game . It has so much to do and took my son and I quite a while to get everything done , we loved every minute of the game . I would have to say it is one of the best games we 've ever played !
 This , like the other Ratchet and Clank games , is a must buy . Great fun and great looking .
 I love the Ratchet and Clank series , my son and I play them all . The only one I was n't impressed with was DeadLock , it 's much to difficult for my son and it 's not as fun ! This one is one of my favorites though , this one and Going Commando !
 Great game that carries on the tradition of the other Ratchet and Clank options that in our view -LRB- mine and my sons -RRB- has the best weapon choices and best locations of the PS2 series . The storyline is still adequate .
 We have only done a few levels soo far , but have had a total blast with this game . As with other R&C games its just fun . My 6 yr old loves them all as well -LRB- mostly runs around killing a bit and runs to me for the bigger kills or difficult things -RRB- .
 This is a good game . It has been harder for my son to play than the other Ratchet and Clank 's . The challenge is good for him .
 LOTS of fun to play , lots of good weapons , interesting puzzles to solve , fun plot . If you can overlook the cartoon violence , there 's not much offensive material . Of the four games our family acquired this holiday season , this is by far the best one .
 This game is one of the best games ever . What makes it really fun is all the weapons you can wield , and the missions never get repetitive . The story is about the nefarious Dr. Nefarious . His nefarious plan is to have robots reign supreme , and guess who has to stop his nefarious plans . There are also siege missions where you have to stop the tyhrranoids -LRB- the troops of Dr. Nefarious -RRB- from taking over the planet . There is now multi-player where you can choose from 3 different types of game modes . There is also online play , that like multi-player it has 3 different types of game modes , but it also has clans in it where you can challenge other clans or go in by yourself and you have a buddy list to keep track of your friends online . This game is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My rcarsenal.com review
 This is a very good game ! If you 've never played a Ratchet and Clank game before , you should start with this one . First of all , the controls are easy to learn and can be changed to suit your style of play -LRB- you can even make it first person ! -RRB- . You get loads of gun that can be upgraded , and it 's just so fun to blow stuff up ! There 's lots of replayability -LRB- something that makes you want to play the game over again even after you 've beaten it -RRB- , and online mode ! The online mode is spectacular ! It 's quick to pick up on all the online stuff , there 's a bunch of costumes that you can be , and it supports headsets so you can talk to your friends and teammates to give them commands , it 's a blast ! All in all , this is a good game that you 'll play for hours , and days , even weeks ! If you have the money , or are recieving it as a gift , you 're sure to have the time of your life !!!
 rcuya is a great game . good amount of single player game and online mode is really fun . the new control setup thats 3rd person w / fps controls works perfectly . weapons upgrade a ton but there could have been a few more gadgets . still an amazing game , one of the most fun games ive played .
 November 3rd , 2004 is a date that I will always remember . Because on that date I got myself Ratchet and Clank
 Insomniac Games has done it again with Ratchet and Clank
 Ratchet and Clank
 Ratchet and Clank
 Ratchet & Clank
 Ratchet and Clank
 This game was a really great game , and I 'm sure that most other people who have played it have really enjoyed it as well . It has a good , funny storyline , an interesting weapons system , good graphics , well-placed controls , and online capabilities . it 's rated T -LRB- Teen -RRB- by the ESRB for Violence and Crude Humor.RCArsenal screen name
 Ratchet & Clank Up Your Arsenal has everything that made the first two games cool and now is even better with new things . The story is great , gameplay is great , and sound is great . Make sure to conclude the Ratchet and Clank story with this game .
 This was the first Ratchet and Clank game I played , and I loved it . The graphics are pretty good , and the characters and dialogue is amazing . There were actually some pretty funny jokes in the game.Some people will say that there are bad words in this game . The worst word is the a-word , and you have to turn of the music to hear it because its not even in a video - its in the gameplay when a robot says it . Also , Klunk does say ` What a load of bull ... ' during Qwarks memorial service or whatever , but ratchet stops him from saying it . Anything else is censored.Qwark is made a main character in the game , and it turns out pretty well . I would give this game an 8.5 / 10 because some of the parts are difficult and it gets a bit boring after you play it like 7 times .
 This is the best game yet of this series . Much easier to obtain large quantities of bolts to buy new weapons/armor . Great story line ... weapon upgrades are obtained faster than the last game . Great game !!!
 This certenly is the best installment of the games . I played though the first 2 games in about 1 week each literally ! I got it when I was 9 -LRB- three years ago -RRB- and I finished it about 10 times before I got the next one!but it could have had a better wepons selection and that is pretty much the only con . if you loved the first 2 youll deffenentlly love this one and to sum it all up its PURE AWSOMENESS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Brought this game as a present for my son and ended up playing it myself for hours with him . Great action and a great reminder of Sonic back in the days ... . Good value here at amazon too , game stop had it new for $ 40.00 ...
 I got this game a while back . I thought the previous Ratchet & Clank games were awesome so I got this too . Never really played it much but it was just as cool , as usual , as the rest in the Ratchet & Clank series . Still give it 5 awesome stars : -RRB-
 Ratchet & Clank Up Your ArsenalTerrific game with multiple reasons to play more than once and increased difficulty from the original Ratchet and Clank.The story is not too bad either .
 I am a huge fan of the series , having beaten the original , and owning Going Commando -LRB- both of which I highly recommend -RRB- Up Your Arsenal is the best ! Badass storyline , awesome and diverse missions with appropriate difficulty , tons of opportunity to earn bolts , amazing graphics , and the list goes on . Anyone that Has ever enjoyed Ratchet and clank will love this game . Although I highly recommend at least playing the original first .
 I think kids that like shooting games will like this and no blood is involved.I played previous games , such as ratchet and clank 1 and 2 , and I had a great time with the game and would play out games that continue the game .
 I would recommend this game to other Ratchet & Clank fans . My son has enjoyed it very much . Graphics are awesome and levels are challenging but fun . Very interactive .
 Currently there are only two platformers on my personal `` Buy or Die '' list
 Better weapons than Jak 3 . More of what we wanted before and bigger and better . Plus this is clank and quarks game too .
 This game is the freakin best game in the entire world . Heck i do n't even have it yet but i got this demo for it and i 've been playing for hours . It 's easy to tell that the one player mode matches if not surpasses the the other two games , and the multiplayer is so fun ! Even though i only have one level of multiplayer on the demo i 've had a ton of fun with it . I ca n't wait for Christmas to come cause that 's when i 'll be gettin it , so really people if your not planning on it for Christmas go get it NOW ! i mean it .
 I got the demo , I love it . the graphics are fantastic . This game is awesome . It 's better than any game I have played . Theres a lot more to do , more to explore , and its just overall more fun . I ca n't wait for it to come out in NOVEMBER , I 'm so going to buy it . GO RATCHET AND CLANK !!!!!!!
 This game is when ratchet fells left out . Clank is in a tv show and ratchets the butler . * Online mode * Multi mode * Travle with Quark * New Guns * New Upgrades
 THIS GAME IS AWSOME !! When you finish the game you get to try it in challenge mode , same game just harder ans the RYNO is better then ever . If you have a PS2 and you have enough money get this game at all costs !!!
 this games rocks ! i saw this review that said something like ratchet and clank being the next halo , i can not understand how someone can compare halo one of the worst games to a masterpiece like ratchet and clank . this game actually has a point to it . i have both ratchet and clank and ratchet and clank going commando and i beat them both . these games are so addictive u cant stop playing them , even if u loose , its unlike other games were u get bored and give up in this one u will continue playing until u beat it and possibly not even go to school the next day because you will be playing this game for over 24 hours straight . and after u beat it there is so much more u can do , with so much options and bonus levels . i cant wate till i get this one . this is trully a must have for ps2 .
 While we have not completed this game , my family has played the earlier games in the Ratchet and Clank series . This is still my daughter 's favorite series and this game has not disappointed her at all ! The graphics are slightly different . The weapons have improved . The controls are similar . She jumped right in and was addicted within minutes of opening the box.If you have never played Rachet and Clank I recommend the entire series from the first game on . If you have played the earlier games , I think you will enjoy this one too.It has a `` Teen '' rating for crude humor and fantasy violence . Compared to the games most are playing these days it 's pretty tame .
 The third installment of the Ratchet & Clank franchise incorporates new elements of gameplay not seen previously in the series , including online and offline multiplayer capabilities that will appeal to a wide variety of players . Ratchet and Clank
 I 've played both Ratchet and Clank 1 & 2 and Halo , although Halo is a first person shooter , so is Ratchet and Clank . Ratchet and Clank Going Commando was a good follow up to the first hit , but featured less weapons . Now , since Insomniac finnaly listened to the gamers demands , there are more weapons than usual , a storyline that goes back to the first title , returning villians , and the biggest of all , ONLINE !!! . This game is going to kick a $ $ with the online mode , and that 's just a little bit of the game . There 's also multiplayer , 2D innovative play , and other playable characters than Ratchet and Clank . Plus , this year 's edition will feature upto 23 classic and new weapons , like the Plasma Ray , Rhyno 2 , and the Super Ray Absorber . But other than that , this game is going to take the Action/Platform genre way up to the next level . Forget Jak 3 , this game is going to crush and rule the platform genre , forever.Get this game , it 's a must .10 / 10 .
 At the time I played this game , I had only played the very first two `` Ratchet and Clank '' games , so I am not sure how this compares to the new ones . But , as far as the original trilogy is concerned , it seems that every `` Ratchet and Clank '' game gets better than the one before it , and this one is just awesome . If you are familiar with the series and like the other games , I can tell you right now that you 'll love this one . If you 're new to the series , then let me tell you a bit about it . The top things that makes this series stand out from others , I think , is the weapons and the humor . In this game , you can explore lots of different planets , all the while using a variety of really fun weapons to destroy your enemies , such as rockets , little robots that go attack things on their own , and even a gun that turns enemies into ducks . This game , like the others , is also very funny , including some of the funniest cut scenes I 've ever seen . This game , of the original three , is the funniest , I believe.The game has a fairly interesting story , as well . In this game , a robot named Dr. Nefarious wants to kill all living things -LRB- which he calls `` squishies '' -RRB- . If that 's not bad enough , the moron Captain Qwark is in charge of the fight against Nefarious . He 's even assembled a little team of characters from the first game , Helga , Al , and Skidd . And also a monkey . I enjoyed the story and characters in this game even more than in the previous two . -LRB- And this is the first game to have Dr. Nefarious , who I think is a really great addition to the series . -RRB- Anyway , this game has new weapons , of course , and I really like the fact that they can level up even more now than they could in the previous game . Unique to this game is a hub-like area , the Starship Phoenix . This is where you go in between missions . You can train here , buy weapons and armor , and even play vid comics . The vid comics are fun little side-scrolling games starring Captain Qwark that tell of his past fights against Dr. Nefarious . And like the rest of the game , they can be pretty funny , too.This game is a decent length , and it helps that there are also some extra things to do , as well . There is multiplayer , though I can say nothing on that because I 've never done it . There are also trophies and Titanium Bolts you can find . The trophies do n't seem to do anything , but collecting Titanium Bolts allows you to buy different skins to change how Ratchet looks . There are also Skill Points like the previous games , which you get for completing certain tasks -LRB- though , you do n't know what they are until you do them -RRB- . Like the last game , there is an arena where you can battle enemies for bolts . Unlike the last game , the arena also has a dangerous obstacle course , which is fun . There 's also another Insomniac Museum , showing things that did n't make it into the final version of the game ... This game can be quite challenging , which is nice , though I find the Titanium Bolts easier to get than they used to be . Any flying areas are easier than in the previous game , too , but that 's an improvement for me , as the flying parts of the last game were a pain . Once you beat the game , there is also challenge mode , if you want more of a , well , challenge.A few random things to mention . The graphics look nice in this game . I thought the music was better -LRB- but maybe that 's just me -RRB- . The voice acting is great , like usual . I felt almost everything in this game was either just as great or even better than the previous games . I really enjoyed it , and it made me a much bigger fan of the series than I was before . As I said before , any fans will enjoy it , and anyone who has n't played before should start out with this one . It 's a lot of fun . I love the weapons , the characters , the humor , the vid comics . Why not give it a try ?
 Ratchet and Clank is a series that has always been progressing and getting better with each installment . Up Your Arsenal is the third in the series and long considered the best of the PS2 games out there . With good reason , it 's absolutely amazing to play . The adventure and all the content is well worth any asking price . The game is huge in just about every way . It 's hard to say if it really outdoes Going Commando , but it would only miss the mark by mere milometers.Up Your Arsenal sees Ratchet and Clank relaxing when they see on the news that Ratchet 's home planet of Veldin is under attack by a mysterious race called the Tyranoids . It 's up to Ratchet to save the planet . But he soon discovers that a robot by the name of Dr. Nefarious is behind all of this turmoil and he 's out to turn the entire galaxy into robots . There is only one person who has tangled with Dr. Nefarious before . Captain Qwark , and you 'll have to work with him to rescue the galaxy ... if you can find him.From a story standpoint Up Your Arsenal is a lot more straightforward than Going Commando , which opted for a few more susprises in its story than this one does . However , Dr. Nefarious is by far the most expressive villain Ratchet and Clank have ever faced . One issue with the first game in particular is that the villain , Drek , does n't feel like he 's really there or doing anything . This was rectified somewhat in the second one , although the main antagonists keeps himself hidden until the end . But with Up Your Arsenal , Dr. Nefarious is there throughout . Often stringing you along , taunting you and just being present . You get the sense that Nefarious is actually doing something . This has fewer surprises than uncovering the mystery of Going Commando 's Protopet , but at least Nefarious is entertaining throughout . Up Your Arsenal is by far the funniest of the Ratchet and Clank games . Introducing you to some interesting characters and clever satire along the way.Gameplay wise it 's about what you 'd expect from Ratchet and Clank . You 'll have tons of weapons , but unlike before they now increase up to five levels instead of just two . You 'll buy weapons and each time they level they gain new abilities . When they finally reach level five they upgrade and change into a different weapon . If you 've got save data from Going Commando then you 'll be able to get a hold of some of the previous weapons from Megacorp for free -LRB- provided you acquired them in Going Commando -RRB- . And some of new weapons are actually quite nice . There are some familiar weapons such as the Hurricane which is really just a variation of Going Commando 's Lancer -LRB- which was , in turn , a variation of the first game 's blaster -RRB- . There are some new weapons , the most amusing of which is the Rift Launcher which launches a black hole and sucks enemies in . Or the Infector which causes enemies to turn on one another . It 's good stuff and they all upgrade and turn into different weapons later.Aside from that it 's pretty much the familiar Ratchet and Clank . There 's a good share of running and gunning , platforming and puzzles to solve on your way to Dr. Nefarious . It is not as hard as Going Commando but will still serve as a decent challenge . It 's not an easy game by any means . Just like before your Nanotech will increase as you progress through the game giving you more chances to be hit . Likewise , you can also upgrade your armor . A few things also return such as the battle arena where you can compete for prizes.There are actually some new things to behold in Up Your Arsenal as well . The first major thing you 'll note is that there is actually a hub in this game . Between stretches on various planets , Ratchet and Clank can always return to the Starship Phoenix and restock their weapons , buy new armor , test out weapons in the VR Training -LRB- and earn more bolts in the process -RRB- as well as go through an obstacle course in training as well . Likewise , throughout the game you 'll collect Vid-Comics where you can play as Captain Qwark in his previous missions . It 's a mini-game that plays like an old school shooter/platformer and it 's quite nice , however shortlived it is.Some things have also changed . Space combat has been axed in favor of various missions . From time to time you 'll arrive on planets where you 'll have a series of missions to complete . Some that require you to get something offline , or drive across the terrain on a planet to take out certain enemies . Others are as simple as having you defend troops . No matter your style of play , Ratchet and Clank Up Your Arsenal offers something for players of all breeds . There 's even an option go play the game entirely in first person should you choose to do so.All that aside , there 's no shortage of content in Ratchet and Clank Up Your Arsenal . And it helps that the campaign clocks in at a decent 15 to 20 hours as well . It 's a good , long lasting experience and also has a couple of side areas and a lot of good in-universe references for those who played the previous two games . It 's without a doubt a love letter to fans of the series . There is n't much that keeps it down . If there were it would be that some of the challenge can be unbalanced . You 'll go through an area that is pretty simple to get through only to find the next area to be too densely populated with enemies that 'll kill you easily only because you were unable to get the next armor upgrade . This does n't happen too often , and you 'll never feel like it 's impossible . But you 'll more than likely just start memorizing where enemies will appear more so than anything to help you get by . There 's nothing really `` unfair '' about any death you may suffer , and the weapons are much more balanced than in Going Commando that you wo n't find yourself constantly running low once you get near the end game.Production values have always been very high in Ratchet and Clank . The games themselves are gorgeous . That being said , they were also a little ahead of their time graphically . Up Your Arsenal does n't really look that much better than the previous two games . That 's not a bad thing by any stretch as it still looks amazing . There are more details in some of the environments . The only thing that might happen from time to time is a slight dip in frame rate whenever there 's too much chaos on screen . The voice acting , however , has been getting progressively better as the series goes along . There are n't quite as many awkward pauses or shifts as there used to be . The writing and jokes are also among the best . The best part of the voice acting ensemble by far is Dr. Nefarious . He not only has the best lines , but provides the most comedy in the game . By far he is the best villain that has ever been present in Ratchet and Clank . The soundtrack itself is also pretty amazing , hosting some catchy tunes and a few epic moments.It 's hard to say whether Up Your Arsenal is the best Ratchet and Clank game or not . It has gone so far to throw everything it can into this game . Dr. Nefarious is by far the best villain , but it 's hard to say if the adventure is as enticing as that of Going Commando . And this is mostly because Going Commando seemed to have a more interesting story despite Up Your Arsenal having better characters . Either way , Up Your Arsenal is a great game that should n't be missed by any Ratchet and Clank fan , and should n't be missed by anyone who likes action platformers .
 If you play the Ratchet & Clank games in the order they were published , then you know they get more challenging with each one . Up your Arsenal is quite a bit more challenging than the first two as you must rely on your skills with the weapons and not necessarily the strength of them to make it through some of the worlds . I enjoy the `` adult '' humor very much and it is done in a way so younger kids would not understand . And seriously , Clank as a James Bond-type is a hoot!I played the first three games before some years ago and recently was given the PS2 and the first 2 games . Bought the third game used . The description said `` very good '' for the condition . Actually , it appeared to be brand new and I 've had no problems with the game.Love the game and the perfect condition for a used game . I would definitely recommend both the game and the seller .
 Ratchet and clank
 This is such an amazing game ! This and Going Commando are tied for my favorite R&C games of all time ! Seriously , this is great . Get it . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 Yes , the game is fun and its addicting.but if you are planning to play this on ps3you are going to have a hard time and end up giving it upI have the old one -LRB- I mean the original one -RRB- so it still can play ps2 gamesThats why I thought I will give the old ratchet games a trybecause I am a huge fan for the future series.When I finally got this game and tried it outSporadically , the game EXTREMELY slowed downsometimes to the point I could not bear it anymore and had to end the game.I did know about the slowing down thingbut its much worse than I thought.the game is much much harder cause of the slownessThe game is more like a pain and it is not worth getting it . . but if you insist then get it cause it is still a good game . . just remember that the slowness sometimes get unbearable .
 The Ratchet and clank games are really fun but do n't be fooled into thinking these are easy kids games . They do take strategy and some skill to beat them . All in all they are a lot of fun with humorous cut scenes . Kept me entertained for awhile !
 I was new to Ratchet and Clank so this was my first experience with this series of games , but after having played for a couple of hours , I have to say the following
 The Ratchet and Clank series has been a good series in my oppinion this is the latest game i have bought and beat and its pretty good . It 's still got the same humour like all the ones before it and some new weapons to boot . For all of you who like the ratchet and clank series this is a game you should get.Plus the problem of getting bolts easily is somewhat fixed in this game .
 I am a huge fan of the series , having played both the original and the sequel . The first game is a stand alone classic and the second was even better . This blows both of them away.I liked the weapons upgrades in the second game and this greatly improves it . Instead of one level up , there are FOUR . Combine that with the upgrades on challenge mode and your weapons will never get stale.The minigames in the game are really fun . It has arena matches like those in the second game and adds combat missions alongside the Galactic Rangers . These can prove challenging but reward you with many bolts.The first game had lots of humor in it . The second had some but not as much . This game returns to its roots and gets you laughing throughout the cut scenes.Final Review
 The Ratchet and Clank series is one of the best all around gaming fun on the market . The games are long but interesting , you can replay them countless times , and now it 's online too!First , the game is fun for kids and adults . There 's a fair amount of humor that will go right over kids ' heads , that adults will laugh their heads off of . There are all sorts of references to Aliens , Halo , and other pop culture events . There are also many references to the previous two Ratchet and Clank games , so I highly recommend you get those and play through them.The graphics are really great in a cartooney way . The characters seem quite lifelike - far more than in some pseudo-photorealistic games I 've played recently . It 's a testament to the talent of the animators of this game . You really do come to be quite fond of the various characters involved.The weapons are simply BRILLIANT and now each one has four levels of upgrade , which makes them change in appearance and improve in functionality . You have lava guns , electric arcing guns , mini-turrets , and my favorites , the little doomie robots . Actually , each weapon is my favorite in certain situations . That 's the brilliance here - every weapon can be really a lot of fun.The levels are all plotted out with their own look , feel , music , indigenous monsters , you name it . It is truly amazing how much this affects game enjoyability . Other games I 've played recently had music that was lovely , but just did n't fit the mood of the level . It really makes a huge difference to have that done well.Because you can go back to levels and gain more bolts , look for secret bonusses , find the titanium bolts , use your magnetic shoes , etc. etc. , there is always room for more fun . This is n't a game that you play through once and put on a shelf . It 's just as much time the second or twentieth time through the game , blasting away with your zappy electric gun or setting loose hordes of doomies.And let 's not forget the plot , which is full of laugh out loud comments and great , sly comments . This game just has everything you could want.But there 's more ! The brilliant addition with Up Your Arsenal is the online gameplay . If you become a super player , not only can you kick through the game with ease , but you can take your gameplay online and find out just how good you really are ! All of the great weapons and graphics are there for your enjoyment!A must-buy for PS2 fans , 5/5 .
 Ratchets back ! This game , based on what I 've seen , will definitly top the second Ratchet , though probably not the first one , 'cause you ca n't beat the classics now can you ? Thought the graphics improved in Ratchet2 ? Wait till you see this ! The enviroment is much more detailed , with bigger enviroments . You can get around 25 weapons and gadgets . And guess what ? They can be upgraded FOUR times !! Returning weapons I 've seen are the Lancer . The new weapons are AWESOME ! There is this one called a Plasma Whip -LRB- self explainitory -RRB- , one called a Rift Inducer that shoots out black holes that sucks enemies in , and -LRB- one of my favorite so far -RRB- the Infecto Gun , that infects an alien or monster and it makes it attack some of it 's own kind.The story starts out with Clank . Clank is living the good life and has his own t.v show where he 's a secret agent . Ratchet is n't doing as well . He sometimes makes guest appearences on the show as Clank 's butler . Well not all is well , in Ratchet and Clank land . Dr. Nefarious has made a plan to destroy all organic lifeforms in the universe with his Tyrannoids . They then join up with the only uhh `` alien '' to have defeated him before . I 'll give you 3 guesses who that would be . Do n't know ? * cough * Captain Qwark * cough * . Well Ratchet and Clank join `` The Q-Force '' . The Force includes , Skid McMarx -LRB- R&C 1 ;-RRB- Helga the fitness trainer , and Big Al -LRB- robot repairman from R&C 1 ;-RRB- . It takes place in Ratchet 's own galaxy , where , from what I 'm told , you 'll be going to some of the same planets in the first one , but different parts of said planet -LRB- I 'm guessing you 'll go to Veldin again -RRB- . One new planet that attracts my attention is Florana , where the Q-Force 's HQ is . This level is beautifly done , with detail in the plants and water.See where we 're going here ? I ca n't wait for this game to come out . The story 's great , the enviroment detailed , and many weapons and gadgets to be discovered ! I would highly recomend this hit !
 Ratchet and Clank was a suprisingly fun game . It 's your typical 3-D third person shooter , like Destroy All HumansStoryUp Your Arsenal is the 3rd in a series . I have not played the first two , but I am inclined to try them out . It follows the humorous story of Ratchet , a cute cat-like alien wielding a big gun , and Clank , his little robot sidekick . However , from the perspective of most people in the game world , the roles are reversed . Clank is a James Bond like secret agent , and Ratchet is his bumbling chaufer.This leads into the the comical nature of the story . For the most part , it 's not gut busting comedy , but there 's enough dry wit to keep you smiling , and sometimes laughing through the cut scenes , and sometimes during the game play as well.The story also features Captain Quark , `` The best superhero the galaxy has ever seen , '' who though being a coward and moron , overshadows Ratchet as well.The game is also chalk full of references to other games and movies . There 's enough that I 'm certain to have missed a lot of them , and those I caught I really enjoyed . A few examples
 Without doubt , the Ratchet & Clank series has my favorite PS2 games . This installment of the series has the solid foundation of the first two and thus it 's still a good game . However , this game simply did n't deliver the entertainment of the first two.Pros :1 -RRB- The game writers retain their sense of humor , which I believe is CRITICAL in a Ratchet & Clank game .2 -RRB- The major new feature of this game is a mini-platform-game . It 's a Super Mario Bros. type game with Cpt . Quark and it 's really fun .3 -RRB- They replaced the rocket ship battles with hovercraft battles and they are almost all optional.Cons :1 -RRB- The game was too short . I completed the single player in 20 hours and I usually complete Ratchet & Clank in 40.2 -RRB- Multiplayer mode does n't make up for a lacking single player game . Unreal 2004 is much better for this type of multiplayer game .3 -RRB- The diversity of monsters is disappointing . The first three worlds show the usual Ratchet & Clank gameplay of each world having its own monsters and the best weapons to kill them . The following worlds see the same monsters over and over - so combat gets repetitive .4 -RRB- The many ways weapons upgrade is pretty fun , but if you use a weapon infrequently , it 'll become useless later because it does n't have the power you need .5 -RRB- The laser-allignment puzzles to open doors have changed to speed challenges requiring minimal intelligence and fast reflexes . There are no intellectual puzzles anymore .6 -RRB- Nearly all of the acrobatic challenges are restricted to the arena - and they are n't very challenging . There is only one significant swingshot and powered platform challenge . The skating and rail-grinding challenges are completely gone .7 -RRB- There 's only one ` asteroid ' world.Overall , this version of Ratchet & Clank is much more focused on combat and far less on puzzles and acrobatics - and the combat is n't as varied as it used to be .
 I 've loved all three of the games in the Ratchet and Clank series , this one no less . I 'm not an active Online gamer , epecially where Shooter games are concerned , so that was n't a big deal . Unfortunately , it seems that the Online mode caused the One-player mode to come up a little short in this installment . There just seem to be fewer levels . That could only be a perception , however . As I 've not counted the number of levels/missions , I ca n't back that up with statistics . It just seems that I flew through the main story more quickly than I did the first two -LRB- or at least the second , Going Commando -RRB- . Pros :1 . New weapons -LRB- the Rift Inducer is really cool -RRB- , with more levels of upgrades than before .2 . Freebies from saved games of R&C ; 1 & 23 . Online capable4 . New mini-games5 . Acquiring bolts is much easierCons :1 . One-player mode seems to lack size in comparison to Going Commando -LRB- fewer worlds ? -RRB- 2 . You do n't have the ` dogfight ' missions in your spacecraft . Sure , there are hovercraft missions , but they are n't as cool .
 Ratchet and Clank was the series that basicly made me want a PS2 . When I heard about the 3rd installment , I was SOOO EXCITED !!! This was a very good game that people will enjoy playing again and again . In the beginning , Ratchet and Clank have saved the Bogon galaxy , and are just kickin ' back , when they learn that Ratchet 's home planet is being attacked by an alien race called the Tyrrhanoids . Later on , we learn that the true villan , Dr. Nefarious , is plotting to destroy all organic lifeforms , or `` Squishees . '' It 's up to Ratchet and Clank and the newly assembled Q-Force to eliminate Dr. Nefarious and save the Solana galaxy once again . Apart from that , this installment features the -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- long awaited Multiplayer mode ! Grab a multi-tap and some buddies to play local , or hook up to the Internet to duke it out online . Even though the online universe of the game is scarcely populated due to the recent release of Ratchet
 I picked this game up on 11/3 . Once again Insomniac has out done themselves ! The graphics are superb , the story line excellent , the voice acting top notch , the additional characters are hilarious and helpful and the game play is flawless ! This game is outstanding ! I could n't stop playing it . I played for 5 hours straight and it was hard to stop and go to sleep . I 'm addicted and proud of it!I also played the multi-player mode and it is just as good as single player . I 'm looking forward to trying the online play as well.If you have the first 2 games , this is a must have . If you do n't have the first 2 games and get this one . You will end up wanting the first 2 games.Thanks Insomniac .
 Here 's some stuff I found about Ratchet and Clank 3
 The Ratchet and Clank series continues in this action-packed installment ! This game is an amazing third installment of the Ratchet and Clank series , and is filled with what a Ratchet and Clank game always has ; mayhem , destruction , guns , humor , more guns , adventure , and lastly , guns.This game has amazing graphics and gameplay , along with enough shooting to last you a year ! This game has awesome upgradable guns , and a lot of humor ! This is the kind of game that you do n't get bored of after beating it , for it is a shooting game , and third-person shooting never gets boring ! If you somehow do get bored of beating the computer over and over again , and want to test your skills against others , play online and put your skills to the test!Apart from having good graphics , gameplay , and humor , this game is extremely challenging . The bosses really challenge your skills and put them to the test , and as you progress through the game , the bosses get harder and harder . This game is also an adventure game , unlike it 's sequel , Ratchet
 It is a great game , I bought for my kid . and me and my kid playing this game often . it is a best 3D platform game I ever tried .
 I have three reasons of why I like this game1.Awesome weapons2.Really funny3.Did I mention the weapons.Great game a must buy for PS2 fans .
 This game is way better than the 1rst and tied with going comando.In this game you get tons of cool weapons , but most of them you have to buy.I know something realy realy cool about the game.At 3through4 AM you can visit a muesem with vehicles and stuff , or if you 're on a normal sleep scheduel just change the time on your PS2 . And thats why I realy like Up Your Arsenal
 This game is awesome . There is no blood or gore or anything , and any crude humor goes right past the kids ears and into the adult ones for a laugh . Here are my ratings : Graphics
 This game is so fun . What other game lets you run around as a furry rabbit cat thing -LRB- a lombax -RRB- turning enemies into sheep and sucking them up with a vacuum
 All I have to say is this is a good game , I love adventure gamesincluding sci-fi ones . I loved Ratchet and Clank I , did not likeGoing Commando though Imsoniac Games has not lost it touch , I. . . will rent Ratchet
 Ratchet and Clank is a good game . It has good graphics , and an EXTREMLY fun story mode . The story made is funny and fun , with some challenge mixed in . Also free weapons and discounts are available if you have saved files from Ratchet and Clank 1 and 2 . If you have an online broadband connectoin for your PS2 then play this game online . Play against other people in the 3 different modes deathmatch , siege , and capture the flag on many different maps . And if you own a headset for your PS2 then chat with your team . Online can play from 1-8 players and up to 4 offline . Make friends ... or enemys with your fellow online players and have a blast !!! Good graphics , online , funnyness , and enjoyablity , what else could you want?CHEAT CODES !!!!! Cheat codes can be gotten by getting `` skill points '' . You can get skill points by doing secret stuff . I would tell you the secrets and codes but that would spoil all of the fun ! If you get this game and wan na take me on go online and message `` Gamefreaktrev '' . My main message of this review?BUY THE GAME!IT IS GOOD.I am a registered user of RCarsenal.comTrevor2
 This game will never , and I mean never , get boring !!!! You will play it for days and stay entertained !! All the weapons you get , the replay value , everything is great !!!! It is also a funny game ! If you have online , the fun will never end !!!!! Online is great , you can test your strength with other players and have clans and online stats and so-forth ! This game is worth the money !!! You wo n't be dissapointed !!! -- Dr.Hambone
 I honestly think this is one of the best and most addictive games on the face of the planet ... this is a game were u beat 20 times and ur still beating it over and over ... iv personally beat the game 4 times but i know people approaching 30 times through the game ... but if how much people are addicted to this game doesnt show you how good the game is , heres some more ! A large arsenal of weapons are at ur disposal upgradable to V5 . . although once u beat the game and go into challenge mode ur weapons can go to V8 ... tons of levels and the controls are great ... ontop of that , ratchet looks cool and u get clank staring at u the entire game ! its cool ! I recomend this game to all gamers !
 Graphics : What can I say Insomniac does it again , top notch clean cut graphics . The cutscenes look great as does everything else . Nothing much else I can say since there 's nothing bad here in the least.Gameplay : Again , Insomniac kicks it up another notch , the gameplay mechanics have been refined even more then the previous title . Tons of weapons , and even more destruction . The Qwark Vid-comic things are super cool , they look great and play great too . Tons o ' fun to be had here.Sound : Everything sounds excellent , every explosion sounds great the gunfire sounds great , all the sound effects are perfect . The voice acting in the cutscenes is also really good , great writing also helps.Story : Good but not great , but that 's okay because everything else is so excellent . It has great writing that will at times have you laughing and at other times enthralled in the craziness . Other then a few thing it 's still a good story.Entertainment / Replay Value : The online mode is like a whole other game , there are a few people who cheat and play unfairly , but most of the time it 's top quality entertainment that will have you coming back over and over . Plus the single player mode has many secrets and different modes . So getting everything will take a bit of time . Over all it has a very high replay value.Overall : It 's a great game everything top notch , not much to complain about . I give it a 9/10 , and my highest recommendation.randomhero
 This game was awsome!there are new guns and 4 upgrades for most of the guns.The graphic are unbeliveable . You get to ride with quark . The story for this one is the best one yet .
 ratchet and clank 3 is sweet . there are more levels in this game and qwark makes his own team called the Q force . qwark does n't do any thing and takes glory for what ratchet does . that lazy bum ca n't do any thing . r and c 3 is cool because in some special vendors you can get guns from the other games in the r and c series free . so you might want to check the vendors for special offers . the guns are better and you can upgrade them to a v8 . the robots do n't die that easily like in the other games . there is a multiplayer place where you can battle your friends . you can sorta make your own people . you choose a body and name it , it 's still fun . the modes in multiplayer are siege , deathmatch , and capture the flag . you can also ride in veichles
 this is the best of the best ! 10 out of 10 in `` Game Informer '' and it 's easy to see why when humor , cool guns , and zany chartacters come together . When I die I want this put in my coffin !!!
 i have the first two ratchet and clanks and they were the best games i ever played in my life.the guns the action no glitches it was the best game ever !!! thats why i think this will be the best game ever !!! just think if i a lazy kid took the time to write a report well it must be good and if they worked hard on going comando than this should be a work of art.i will buy and conquer this game just like the first two .
 this game is the best ! theres not much to say ... exept this is the most fun and addictive game .
 This game is as much fun as the other Ratchet games kids will love them
 i only have one thing to say about this game wich is it is , THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Pros : + NO MONTHLY FEE + Demo allows you to reach lvl 15 -LRB- max rookie -RRB- to get your friends hooked + Quick games -LRB- ~ 5-7 min -RRB- , possible to play in small increments + Laptop friendly -LRB- runs on anything that can run XP SP2 -RRB- + Simple , but deep gameplay ; plenty of replay value + Zones to bracket characters of similar levels + Useful character/position game guides on the main websiteCons : - Significant lag ; even when sparsely populated - Long load times for client -LRB- to check for updates , hacks -RRB- - Many items not accessible without full version and money either through level limit or the need for bills -LRB- online money -RRB- - Confusing passing scheme ; with only 1 pass button there does n't seem to be a way to pass precisely - Tutorial is weakOverall : = Most people I see on the community play nice -- they pass often and are team players with good etiquette . Extremely addictive when you find good teammates and have good chemistry . Demo version gives enough game to be fun . Full version gives you points + 3000 bills -LRB- and ability to buy more -RRB- ; $ 10 = 3000 bills -LRB- as of 05/30/07 -RRB- . No monthly fee makes this game a definate buy !
 Sierra Online released this game to the North American public back in 2007 but they closed their servers a year after in late 2008 !! so if you 're planning to buy this game to play it -LRB- DO N'T ! -RRB- the servers are no longer working , you do n't need to buy this game in order to play this game!This game was released to the North American public once again on February 1st of 2009 by the Korean company Gamekiss , you can go to their page -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- and download the game and play it for free ! I repeat myself , YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME!I just recently bought it , just for collection and for memories sake . . since I played the Sierra version , I always wanted this box back when I played and since it 's so cheap now , I wanted to buy it before they ended since they 're not making them anymore of course.Right now I 'm currently playing the Gamekiss version , so if you 're on planning on buying it to play the game DO N'T ! unless you 're buying it like my just to have it like me . . but just a reminder , THE GAME WO N'T WORK!Remember if you want to play this game , you can do it on -LSB- &#8230; -RSB-
 I bought this for my grandson he loves it . Plays for hours even though he gets mad at some of the players who wo n't pass the ball . He still needs to find out how to earn money to buy things during the game . I would recamend this game for all those who like basketball ,
 I can not get enough of this game . Downloaded the demo three days ago , and a day later I bought two copies ... One for me , and one for my brother so that we could play together on separate computers.Oh , where to start ... I guess I might as well tell you up front , this game is just a blast to play ! The controls are the arrow keys to move your player , then to pass you press `` s '' ; to shoot you press `` d '' ; to make a nice dribble around press `` a '' and the direction you want to go ; and finally to perform a special action like setting a screen you press `` w '' . The game is based on 3 on 3 halfcourt basketball with games being 5 minutes long with 1 minute overtimes if needed . With the simple controls and easy game interface it was a joy to be able to jump into games so quickly and earn experience which allows you to level up.The game is like any other Massive Multiplayer game in that it is based around leveling up . In this game leveling up gets you +1 in all your stats like dunking , 3-pt shooting , passing ect ... and also can unlock new special moves like a certain dunk animation that makes your mouth water or even a `` through '' pass . I almost forgot to mention that there are 3 positions in Freestyle basketball , Guard -LRB- after level 15 you choose to either become a Shooting or Point Guard -RRB- ; Forward -LRB- once again , after lv 15 you choose either a Small or Power Forward -RRB- ; and finally a Center which to my understanding can not be specialized anymore after level 15 , but in my oppinion the Centers are the most dominate position in the game . Everyone wants to be the scorer , but the Centers dictate the winning teams because of the rebounds they pull down.Like I said before the easy controls allow for such a flow in the game , and there are no clunky controlling schemes needed to be remembered . BUT , contrary to what this seems , Freestyle basketball is a very strategic game . I myself have been on many straight level 1 teams -LRB- all 3 players are level 1 -RRB- and have upset a straight level 3 team because we chose to pick them apart from behind the three point line -- so obviously skills only get you so far.I could talk forever , but trust me , try out the FREE game that goes up to level three . That 's more than enough time to see if this game is for you.PROS : - Gameplay is easy , yet strategical-Interface is easy and allows for quick access to games-Replay ability is 110 % of any sports game I 've ever played.-Community is always growing it seemsCONS : - Can get annoying when you ca n't find a team that will let you play because you are a lower level , but making your own team solves this.-THAT 'S IT !
 I 'm still relatively new to the Hot Shots Golf series , but the game is very impressive . The control system is easy enough to use , it may take a while to get the timing down right if you are a first time player , but once you do the only mistakes you make are of your own error . The caddies you can use add a nice sense of humor and enjoyment to the courses each having their own personality -LRB- my favorite is Bertha -RRB- . The game has a shop and plenty of unlockable items to keep you playing like new costumes , caddies , golf balls , and clubs all with their unique abilities so you can find the best combination for you . I recommend this game for any golf lover , or even if you have never played golf before on a game or in real life this game is a great way to introduce yourself .
 i have n't touched the hot shots series since i bought the first ever version for PS1 . after acquiring a ps2 , i decided to come back to the series . it 's pretty much what i remembered , and is a great time to play . there are a few things that stick out in my mind that i did n't care for : the mini golf is not as good as i remember . i would much prefer a standard scoring system , rather than some whacky scoring system where you get what seem to be randomly assigned extra points for holes-in-one . i also do n't feel that the mini-golf was as challenging as old . the characters get annoying VERY fast . each has about one catch phrase and they blurt them out over and over . the pacing of this game seems to be slower than i remembered with HS1 . it 's not a game where i feel as though i can sit down and play one or two whole tournaments in a sitting like with HS1 . maybe that 's just because i 'm older and has nothing to do with the game , though.with that said , these are all minor issues . overall this game still maintains the greatness of the series . it 's definitely the number one option in terms of cartoon golf , and there are probably times where i 'd much prefer it to tiger woods golf .
 I 'm a big fan of Outlaw Golf -LRB- but that is for the Xbox -RRB- . This game stands up there , but gets pretty technical and is n't a `` pick up and play '' game for a quick 9 with a group of friends ... you have to concentrate quite a bit .
 This game is really addictive . I really enjoy it . It 's not too difficult and not too easy . And my wife does n't mind me playing it . Great game .
 I always have a ton of fun playing this game . The new additions since Hot Shots Golf 3 are fun and challenging . I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of the Hot Shots Golf series .
 this far exceded our first impression , it continues to be a favorite . i 'm a 50 yr old man and too dumb for most games.very old fart friendly
 This is pretty fun . The character graphics are amusing and the courses are pretty and well done . It 's got some flaws that I feel will work out with a LOT of practice which is why I wish you could give half stars here on Amazon . It 's not a four star game but it 's also not a three star game.Some comments on game features : Ignore the `` Nice Shot '' graphic that pops up often . It means nothing and only applies to the strike ON the ball . You can drive 40 yards past the green and into the trees or sand and still be told you made a ` Nice shot ' . The voice acting of both the caddies and your opponents is ANNOYING , they repeat themselves incessantly and appear to only have a very few phrases each . Luckily you can X through such rather quickly.Pay attention to the wind . It really has an effect on your ball . When the club info says you can drive X yards and it 's X yards to the hole be aware that balls WILL roll and course slope will have a large effect . The physics are pretty good here . So good it can be quite a challenge starting off.Putting is a pain . You really need to pay attention to the way the green breaks . It 's SO easy to hit too hard and rim-out of the cup or too soft and stop just inches away.The AI is good but not , thankfully , perfect . It 's going to take some practice to string together winning streaks or even your first win . I 've got some disability problems with my hands and find easy mode with the ` everyone ' clubs to be quite a challenge.The mini-putt course -LRB- you have to unlock the 2nd one by scoring high in the 1st -RRB- has some annoying features . If you go out of bounds , into the water or over par your turn on that hole is OVER . I do n't care how bad I 'm doing I 'd actually like to finish the hole myself without the game deciding I 'm done for me.All in all this is a fun game , with a few non-critical annoyances . Kids and adults -LRB- I 'm 41 -RRB- will find it enjoyable and a challenge . It 's well worth the price and a good addition to anyone 's game collection .
 We loved this game alot and it really is fun for the whole family
 It 's amazing that something so boring to me normally -LRB- golf -RRB- can be SO much fun to play on the PS2 ! This is the game I have played more than any other I have and the unlocks and variety of characters and courses keeps you coming back for more ! In addition , there are a number of options for novice players that let 's them join right in . The 4-player option -LRB- with only two controllers -RRB- is great for a group of friends !
 I love golf and unlocking all different features of a game ... this is the perfect blend ! This game offers hilarious characters and so many courses and objectives to get through . I highly recommend this game for people at all different skill levels of video game golf . Have fun !
 I just purchased this game over the weekend and I am really enjoying it . I like the fact that it has a simple mode for novice players and a more difficult mode for those players seeking more of a challenge . I love the zany characters . One thing that makes this game fun is the fact that you can work towards goals , prizes , and ranks . This makes the game fun to play for more than just once or twice . The graphics are super and you actually have different weather conditions to contend with . You can let the game dictate the weather or you can set it manually . I like the fact that this is a mix of a simulation , strategy , and sports game . Believe me if you play it once , you 'll want to come back for more again and again . This is a hole-in-one for the whole family and would make a great gift for anyone any age ! I give this game a thumbs up , five star rating .
 First , let me tell you up front that I LOVED HSG3 . I especially loved the par 3-courses and I did master the game . That being said , HSG Fore is a LOT harder than HSG3 ! Sure , the graphics are cleaned up , and mini-golf is added . But somehow , it seems a bit more difficult and a slight bit less fun . Not a huge degree , but I can definately say that they stressed more realism in this version.You can play with `` Everyone 's '' club which basically let 's you just select the power meter and then you just whack the ball . Right down to down to micro shot management and losing strokes for hitting into the rough or sand.In the end , it 's the online play that carries this game . I do n't see a ton of people online so PLEASE get an online apapter and join . It 's FREE and it 's simple . Plus , you can choose from limited clubs , player vs. player or even super large holes . There 's a bevy if choices !! So , if you love golf , grab a conroller and an internet connection and try to find someone online . I notice the main room is pretty empty at times , but I am JEC333 , so look for me and feel free to roam the broadband internet , that 's where this low priced game shines .
 my son sooo wanted a golf game & he has played this one so much already he may have to buy another one . . lol
 I 've been playing this game for a while and it 's a lot of fun , even though the characters are kind of cheesy , the game is fun and very realistic as far as golf goes without an actual club in your hand .
 Good Golfing game , very entertaining fun 1 or 2 players.Fun Game to play , but tends to get boring after long play time .
 My son just loves hot shots golf and told me he wanted this one , hot shots golf fore . So we ordered it for him and he just loves it .
 for a three clicker , this game is great . wish the real game could be this easy .
 This game is highly addicting , it can be as easy or hard as you want it to be depending on the golf club you use . Now I 'm not the biggest golf fan , but I love this game ! easy to play for long periods of time . Please go to -LSB- ... -RSB- for reviews for this game and other games too !
 My 3 year old son loves to watch me play this game and occasionally he tries to play it himself -LRB- with a little help from me -RRB- . This makes it fun for both of us . The only problem I have is that it can be a little slow to load the next hole . Otherwise its great !
 I 'm not much of a golf fan , matter of fact it is one of those sports where I am diving for the clicker to change the channel . But I always loved playing Golf as a video game , and decided to finally `` upgrade '' from my outdated NES game LOL!I have HSG 3 already , and got this one for Christmas . IMO it is a bit better than the last which was a pleasant surprise . The courses are fun with nice graphics , and the stage challenges are pretty challenging with new rules and penalties like +2 score if you get in the sand trap . Mini golf is pretty cool as well although I find the 2nd course a bit frustrating , but very unique.As a mom of 2 I really do n't play many video games anymore , but this is one I 'll set aside some time for - very fun !
 It 's a very challenging fun game for people of all ages . Some of the dialogue gets repetitive , but still enjoyable .
 I played Hot Shots Golf 3 before this and was pretty impressed with it . When this came available I picked up a copy too . Overall I think the concept is great ; it 's allot of fun to play with the special effects and humorous characters , and the scenery is great . On the other hand , the playability leaves something to be desired.I 've heard several people argue that the `` 3 '' version was somewhat biased toward the computer players and made winning quite difficult for the human player . I 'm not sure what to say about that but I will say that with `` Fore '' I 've suspected that on more than one occasion the game became disproportionately difficult as I approached a victory.Overall I give it 4 stars because I think the concept is fun and it 's interesting gameplay . Does the game cheat ? You decide . Either way it 's pretty entertaining but not a five star offering .
 This game is amazing ! I do n't own it but I have played it many times and it is very good . Some of the controls are messed up but other than that its really great ! I would recommend this game any time !
 This game beats 3 by a long shot . Why ? Because of the awesome mini-golf game ! I 'm a huge mini-golf fan and the added bonus of a mini-golf course was truly excellent ! I play that one more than the real game ... The new characters are neat , the old ones are back . The voices do overlap a little and it can get annoying hearing them say the same thing over and over but that would be the only downfall to this game . If you 're considering buying a golf game this is the one , it 's also great for kids .
 This is the best golf game I have ever played ! Fun , technical , and a little extra !
 While this game is a mixture of fantasy and realism , it offers some fun golf . You can pick from a whole arsenal of crazy looking characters and even Jak , Ratchet , etc. . The game is fun for multiplayer and online , plus for the price you ca n't put it down . The game has great graphics and unbelieveable backgrounds . For you people who just like golf and want to save some money I would strongly agree to buy this game ! Thanks for listening to my review .
 PLAY THIS GAME AND YOU WILL LEARN THAT GOLF IS `` SERIOUS FUN `` TIGER WOODS & GANG , STEP ASIDE . GOLF FOR THE PEOPLE IS IN AND IT ROCKS !!! TO ALL YOU PS2 CONSOLE HOLDERS , YOU GOT TO HAVE THIS ONE IN YOUR COLLECTION.YOU WILL LOVE THE CHARACTERS AND WILL THE LOVE THE FINENESS OF GRAPHICS.EXHAUSTIVE , COMPREHENSIVE GAMEPLAY . 4 PLAYERS FOR HOME PLAY AND 50 FOR ONLINE !!! . NOW THAT 'S IMPRESSIVE.HOTSHOTS GOLF FORE ! ITS OUT NOW . BUY IT . PLAY IT . TREASURE IT . YOU WILL BE BEGGING FOR THE 5TH INSTALLMENT IN NO TIME .
 To be perfectly honest , I have n't played this game too much yet , but judging from other peoples reviews , it sounds like it will be fun when I really get into it . I 'm just giving a review because Amazon is asking for one and I want to get it over with .
 well ratchet and clank and jax and daxter are two other playable characters in the game . this game blows away all golf games including the stiff and boring tiger woods game . the graphics are really serene and stunning . the gameplay is easy and addictive as hell.nuff said . xbox sucks
 I was a big fan of Hot Shots Golf 3 . Given a choice , I 'd play it before I 'd play Madden or Grand Theft Auto . It was n't perfect , but there was a lot there to keep you busy and challenged.Now comes Hot Shots Golf Fore and a great product gets even better ! Some of my favorite characters from HSG3 return -LRB- although I mourn the abscence of Blue , my best power and control player in HSG3 -RRB- with many more courses added -LRB- all of the full-sized 18-hole courses from HSG3 return as well -RRB- . Miniature golf is added -LRB- I guess this was a feature that was on versions before HSG3 , but eliminated in that game -RRB- , which is a nice change of pace , although I doubt I 'll spend much time there.I 'm still in the early stages of play , but there appears to be more clubs and more golf ball options in this game and play is much much tougher . I seem to remember zipping through the first ten or so `` VS mode '' matches in HSG3 , but I 've already lost my first match in this new version -LRB- one big change is that `` VS mode '' matches - where you play against another character and if you beat him/her , you unlock the character for yourself - is now 9 holes in length instead of 18 holes -RRB- . So , if you lose , you wo n't have spent as much time in that loss and can try again.There 's a lot more , but it looks like Sony did it right again ! Although , like a previous reviewer , I want to know what the creators were thinking with some of the comments of players and caddies -LRB- `` I love show tunes '' -RRB- ! Get it!PS - By the way , the strategy guide for this game -LRB- sold separately -RRB- is a very attractive book , but is pretty much useless .
 Some people would think any series would die out after four titles , especially a golf game with two titles on the same system but after playing a demo of this and reading about it , its almost like a whole new game with many features makeing it worth buying . First of lets get started with the graphic/sound improvments . Hot shots golf three had great picture and sound but hot shots golf fore has considerable imporvement over those . The graphics are stunning with beutiful backgrounds and well drawn characters . The caracters are a little cartoonish but thats the way there supposed to be in hot shots golf . The sound is great from the plop of the ball when it hits the water to the bounce of the ball when it hits the fariway.Now lets talk about the new things they added . The most considerable notice is the much more wide selection of courses and characters . Theres an upgrade from the five courses in hot shots golf three to thirteen thats right thirteen courses -LRB- includeing the five from hot shots golf three revamped a little of course -RRB- . Also theres a huge new selction of characters theres now 24 golfers to choose from -LRB- one is an animal the rest are humans -RRB- and theres now ten diffrent caddies -LRB- two are animals i know one of the animal caddies is a panda bear but im not sure about the other -RRB- . Thats a HUGE new selction compared to what there was to choose from in hot shots golf three . Also new and one of the most exciteing features is the online tourniments were you can test your golfing skills with up to 31 players in an online tourniment exciteing eh ? Also another big new feature , the return of putt putt golf . But its not your normal putt putt your up in the air or in crazy locations shooting shots that ricochet off of rocks or haveing to hit over narrow bridges with no rails on the sides ! Your rewarded points in putt putt for the length of your shot and how many shots it takes to get in the hole . You can also play two player putt putt witch will be fun to challenger your putting skills.Lastly ill discuss the improvments in gameplay . The gameplay is enough the same to please old time players but slightly different to please them as well . It still goes by the three click method -LRB- press to get started press for length and press again for how straight and how much of the ditance youll get , easier done then said -RRB- but has different characters with different ways of hitting and new items to buy to customize the way you golf to make things different . Also theres a new easy mode where theres no third click so you always hit what you mean to for those newbies comeing into the game . Although it dose take a major challenge out of the game . With the new courses and characters it makes it a little funnier to play on new courses that present a new challenge or play as a different character to make a course easier or harder . With so many characters theres a character thats just right for one course and another just wrong for that same course . The gameplay is great maybe the best in any golf game and must be expreinced at least by renting the game . All in all this game is great it manages to keep its old glory that people love yet add new things people are sure to want to see improved or added in yet another sequel .
 Up front I will tell you I 'm 32 years old and I have not been so addicted to a cheesier title than Hot Shots Golf 4 . Call me a kid , but I 'm not sure why I like this game so much . The characters are zany , the graphics are kiddie , but under all that , this is one serious golf game and I highly recommend it.Hot Shots Golf 4 looks signicantly better than 3 due to the better looking courses but unless you really pay attention , your average Joe wo n't notice the difference between 3 and 4 . There are some magnificent use of photo backdrops that mesh with the golfing environments perfectly though and look better than ever.This is one of the better looking PS2 titles -LRB- in a cheesie sort of way -RRB- . As you progress through a round of golf , you 'll notice little added touches like day turning into dusk and dusk turning into day . Clouds move through the sky and rain starts to pour . The water holes , ponds , lakes etc. . . looks pretty darn real and it might want to make you want to take a swim . While not a huge deal , the trees also look much better than they did in 3 . They actually move to the wind and they can actually affect your gameplay depending on which way the wind blows . You will also notice some other nice eye candy such as hot air balloons floating in the sky , bears chillin out near the fairways , planes whizzing through the clouds , ducks going south for the winter , bugs buzzing around the fairway and even an occasional rodent scurrying around the trees . And as always , you can change the time of the season which also offers a significant variance in visuals . Playing both in winter and summer gives you some serious variety . Although i wish the zany characters would dress appropriately for the different times of the season . What is with Tiffany keeping to her skimpy black dress and nylons in 20 degree weather?Enormous replay value with the addition of new courses , new mini-golf mode , and the biggest addition , online play . I only wish the online part was more robust , you can only do one on one play and when you play in a tournament , you can only view your opponents scores rather than see them actually play.Be that as it may , this is a must have game for PS2 owners , do n't hesiste , get a hole in one and buy this .
 First of all , let me say that Hot Shots 3 is one of my all-time favorite PS2 games . In fact , just a week before I bought Hot Shots Fore , I was playing HS3 on a multitap with friends and still enjoying it as much as ever . After playing Hot Shots Fore for an entire day and night , I can say it 's definitely a worthy successor . And it 's not because of the major changes , but because of the minor ones.By now everyone knows how many characters are in it and how many courses , and the fact that mini-golf has made a triumphant return . So I 'll focus on the smaller things they 've done . First of all , for those of you who love the taunting that you can do in a multiplayer game , you 'll be happy to know that the taunts are still there and as obnoxious as ever . What 's cool about it now , though , is that you can actually see you character taunting on the screen . Not only that , but you can make your character jump up and down or wave their arms to provide additional distraction . While we 're on the subject , that was one of my pet peeves with HS3 -- where was your opponent while you were lining up in the tee box ? Should n't they be right there next to you ? Well now they are . -LRB- Except after the first golfer hits , his character goes to the green and waits . You can still taunt from the green , though , which is very cool . -RRB- The caddies are actually useful this time around , as they give you advice about upcoming putts . The nurse is annoying , but Greg , who sounds just like Sean Connery and says things like , `` Hit it left , Podgy , '' is really funny.The new characters are really fun , and having Mel and Hubert as playable characters is a trip . I 'll miss using Blue -LRB- `` Beeee-yewtiful ! '' -RRB- and Pete -LRB- `` Where 're you hittin ' ? '' -RRB- but Emma and Mike are welcome new additions.One thing I have to mention is that the game is a lot less forgiving than HS3 . I can remember completely muffing a shot in HS3 and still getting to within an inch of the hole . Not anymore . If you muff a shot in HS Fore , you 're gon na pay for it.And lastly , I have to wonder what the developers were smoking when they wrote some of the dialogue . Mel says things like `` Let 's drink some ketchup ! '' and `` What do I smell like ? '' And Emma says `` I 've got a shoe ! '' Ease up on the drugs , fellas!Anyway , HS Fore is as good as , if not better than , HS3 . I highly recommend it .
 I 'm not much into video games , That 's my kids ' past time , but I enjoy this game . It keeps me on the LINKs during the winter and does so playfully . There are other golf games that take themselves more seriously , but this one has everything an arm chair duffer could want with enough humor to make it fun.I played Hot Shots Golf Three until my kids snuck off to college with it . My wife replaced it with this one and I am glad she did.Version fore is much like three , same courses , same characters , same humor , only more so . New courses , new characters , and slightly better graphics have been added . In the older version I kept looking for the extra critters that are so familiar around the golf course . In this version they are easy to see , along with some others -LRB- such as bears -RRB- that I have yet to see at my favorite club.This is a great way to battle the winter blues .
 If you played Hot Shots Golf 3 at all , you know what it 's all about . Goofy but charismatic characters , beautiful , serene , yet challenging courses , and absolutely top nothc physics . Hot Shots Golf Fore ! does n't seek to reinvent the wheel , but instead keeps the same basic formula while making improvements to nearly every facet of the game.Hot Shots Fore ! features more courses , characters , unlockables , and challenges than its predecessor , a lot more for that matter . There are also literally hundreds of challenges for you to take on , from mastering a specific course to defeating the toughest of computer controlled opponents to rising up the rankings in the tournament mode , not to mention the all new and fantastic online tournament mode that pits you against up to 49 other players from around the globe in a real time round of Hot Shots Golf.The game constantly challenges you to beat your toughest adversary , yourself , by rewarding you for bettering scores and shots on every course . Add to all this the fact that they brought back the awesome mini gofl game from the first Hot Shots , which features super challenging off the wall holes to challenge your putting skills , and you have easily the best golf game to date bar none.Hot Shots Fore ! puts Tiger Woods to shame on every level , including realism -LRB- last time i checked you ca n't control your ball spin in midair -RRB- . I you buy one golf game this year , any true fan of the game owes it to him/herself to make it Hot Shots Golf Fore !
 I 've played a lot of games over the years but this one make 's everything else seem like pong ! The graphics are great -LRB- easy for these old eyes to see -RRB- and the character choices are the best .
 This game is so fun !! We play it as a family , the mini golf game is fun . My nine year old can woop my butt on that one . Alot of fun and different people to play . I would so buy this one !!
 for those of us who do n't care to watch golf on tv , or to play it in real life , this game is great . it is very approachable , teaches you basics , comical presentation , and comprehensive in taking account real world physics.also a plus about this game , my girlfriend doesnt like videogames but she always asked me to play this so it can be good for couples or friends since there are a lotta laughs to be shared w / in the game .
 PROS :1 -RRB- Looks and feels just like the arcade ! It incorporates all the same materials used in real arcade machines , i.e.
 I bought my first X-Arcade SOLO stick back in April as a replacement for my aging pelican real arcade for original XBOX.I never intended to use this on anything more , but the fact it was PC compatible was a bonus.Upon receiving it , I was really happy . Playing streetfighter 2 turbo and other classic arcade titles was like going back into a time machine . Then Mortal Kombat 9 came out and this thing really got put to the test . The layout is pure genius with the traditional 6 button , but then the staggered two at the bottom . This makes the stick great for traditional fighters and makes games like Mortal Kombat 3 easy to play because you can make the bottom left button the RUN button!Well here 's where this review takes a momentary sour note . The bad news is , IF you 're a fighting game fan ... the knock off stick inside this just is n't up to the task . After about a week of some hard-core vs. matches with my buddies ... the stick started making a grinding noise and did n't feel as responsive . I did a little research and found out it 's a common theme with these . They were designed more for games like final fight or games where you are n't making tons of fast jerky motions.Now the good thing is , there is REAL Arcade parts for this , that can drop RIGHT IN ! and they are Very affordable -LRB- $ 9.95 each -RRB- and easy to install . Even for someone who is n't super techy like me.What I ended up doing was Ordering a replacement stick from paradisearcadeshop dot com . The one I went with is the EXACT Same one that was used in the arcades in the early 90 's it 's called the IL Eurostick . There is also a Chinese version of the same thing -LRB- also an upgrade over the stock xgaming stick -RRB- But not as good as the IL Eurostick ... it is called the HAPP Competition stick . Either way , They bolt right in , but they are slightly like .5 mm too big so you have to sand/dremel/or file down the sides a little to fit . But it 's easy and wo n't take long . Then you just connect it up and VOILA YOU HAVE A PERFECT RETRO ARCADE STICK . The buttons themselves on these are good and do n't really need to be changed , That said at the very least though I 'd change the Microswitches to Cherry Brand Microswitches as they are only $ 1.25 each . OR for like $ 2.25 ea you can order differe n't colored buttons by either IL or HAPP and they SHOULD include the Cherry Microswitches -LRB- but make sure before you order -RRB- ... and those switches again are the same as the arcade machines use/used . No modification neccessary for that . Again the stock parts are OK , but these are just a whole lot better feeling , more durable and responsive.Now that you have the Stick and Buttons/Switches swapped out ... Let me tell you , it gets no better than this.I have the Madkatz sticks with the Sanwa parts and they are pretty good ... But these are better!These X-Arcade sticks being made today , are the real deal . LAG FREE and Work Like you 'd expect.The PCB Board inside these has been re-designed and so has the stick layout from their original design.Their Console adapter have also been revamped/simplified and no longer lag!Don ' t believe the hype you read on internet forums and google searches , the bad press these guys got is behind them ... theylearned from their mistake and now have a product that works awesome and they stand behind it 100 % with a lifetime warranty.I now have two of these that are modded and I have every Adapter so I can use it on ps1/2/3 Dreamcast/Xbox/xbox360 Wii/Gamecube and my PC ! and it works flawlessly on all of them!I HIGHLY Reccomend this product , and I highly reccomend switching the stick and switches at the very minimum . Oh and Modding it Does n't void your warranty ... matter of fact , the company encourages you to have fun modding it ... how cool is that ?
 To anyone out there who enjoys playing the old arcade games this is a must have . I got it so that I could mimic playing the games at the arcade like in the old days . IT actually feels like the arcades , it is as close as it gets to playing the actual arcade game . I had no problems installing it in Windows 7 and also in Ubuntu 11.04 . I highly recommmend it , it 's sturdy , durable and same feel as the arcade .
 Big ! Heavy ! and Strong ! But , anyway use this super device . It 's totally natural feeling like an arcade game . I can recommend play with MAME , but it 's very dangerous ! You ca n't stop playing until morning -LRB- in fact , I could n't -RRB- , and the excited 70 's 80 's memory revives . I wish all fan of the good old game will enjoy with this device .
 I 'll admit that when I first picked up this game I was n't really impressed . I 'm accustomed to the ESPN and EA Sports games . To be honest with you I wanted to kill Gretzky at first for making me feel I 've wasted forty bucks.I did n't wan na come on here and trash Gretzky 2005 right away though . I decided to give the game a bit of time . Now alot of you -LRB- like me -RRB- might be used to the really fast paced hockey games . Though fast paced is fun it 's also not very realistic . Do n't get me wrong it 's cool to body check a guy and send him flying 15 feet across the ice . It 's also cool to press a speed burst button and have the speed of Guy LaFleur X 10 . The only thing is that is n't real hockey.Though Gretzky 2005 may be lacking in some of the behind the game details and options , compared to it 's competitors it 's gameplay is a hell of alot more realistic . One of the downfalls of this is that Gretzky 2005 may not appeal much to non-hockey fans who are n't really concearned with realism . For those of you who do n't care that 's cool too . For those of you who can appreciate something like that I suggest giving Gretzky 2005 a try . ** RENT BEFORE YOU BUY ** There are a couple of things I do n't like about Gretzky 2005 though . The controls can not be modified to your own liking . You have no choice but to get used to it , but it wo n't take that long anyway . Also there are n't as many camera angle choices as compared to it 's competitors . For me that was n't really a huge issue cause it does have the traditional camera angle I am used to . I will warn that there is no `` brodcast '' angle as in the other hockey games . I personally do n't really like the `` brodcast '' angle but I know some people are accustomed to it.I give this game 4 stars . My advice *** RENT BEFORE YOU BUY *** . Gretzky 2005 is not for everybody . It will be interesting to see what future versions will be like .
 This game rules ! This game is a combanation of NHL Hitz Pro , and ESPN NHL 2k5 . The intense hitting is like NHL Hitz Pro , and the gamplay is like ESPN NHL 2k5 . They did n't copy of them but combained their features into one awsome game ! See i have both Gretzky NHL 2005 , and ESPN NHL 2k5 , they are both good , but i think that i like Gretzky NHL 2005 . It might be more money then the ESPN games , but still , for $ 35 , it is worth it ! Once you get this game you will love it instantly !
 NHL is a very good game for playstation2 and you should get it when it comes out . I have the 2003 and 2004 version of NHL and it justgets better every time it comes out . This game i will definatly get and if you do n't get it and you like hockey you will miss out on a great game . THIS GAME IS GOING TO ROCK AND YOU SHOULD GET IT AS SOON AS YOU CAN . I gave this 5 stars because it is a fun game to play and it is also realistic . YOU SHOULD GET THIS GAME . YEAAAAAAAH !
 this will be the best one yet i have 2003 and 2004 and 2004 is way better then 2003 which means 2005 will be way better then 2004 which is the best game
 989 Sports have been making some really good video gaes lately and from what I have heard and seen it seems like this one is going to be the best . The online mode is going to rock the house with some awesome tournament play and headset chat . Hope to see you guys online !
 This is by far the greatest 30 dollars I 've spent on my 360 . Now when my battery is low , I quickly pop it out and swap for one of my two other batteries which came with the charging dock and continue playing.It 's nice to finally have a TRULY wireless controller.Quick Shipping and Great quality as usual .
 I read reviews on the white version of this product for the standard Xbox 360 , and most of them were quite bad.I will say I just received this product , so this review is not made after long-term testing . HOWEVER , the issues made with the other version of this product were generally `` out of the box '' issues with LED 's not lighting , the charger not properly charging batteries , and the batteries not working in the controllers.I had none of these problems when I opened this package and set everything . The charger has multi-led 's which show red when charging , green when `` almost charged , '' and they go out when the batteries are ready . I put both batteries in right away and plugged the unit it . Both lights blinked through the settings , then went red . After about 3 hours , both lights were out . I snapped a battery into the controller and proceeded to game throughout the day without any issues . I 'm anxious to see how long they 'll hold a charge.I was a little concerned with fit and finish - they seemed a smidge tight to snap into the controller , but not enough to worry me . Hopefully these will work out just fine.If I can edit or add a review after further testing , I 'll be sure to do so.UPDATE - December 3rd , 2008 . I 've now had these for almost exactly one year . I 'm sure if I compared usage to a year ago , I might realize that the batteries do n't last quite as long between chargings , but honestly I do n't realize it - if that 's even true . I feel like I charge them more often now , but I also play more often now - so it 's probably the same.These have held up VERY well - have gone flying a few times -LRB- while still attached to a controller , of course -RRB- and are still playing away . I 've replaced two controllers - still have the same batteries!If and when these things ever wear out , I 'll be looking for another set .
 This is a great product . I have been using these batteries for about two months and they work well . They hold a good charge and I love the convenience of always having a backup battery ready to go.Battery life of course depends on the game you 're playing . But even on rumble intensive games , these batteries hold their own.Only bad thing I could think of is that the batteries are slightly larger than the slot they go into , in the controller . They still fit , but just barely . Sometimes I 've had to struggle to get the battery in.But you ca n't beat this thing for the price . I highly recommend it.Xbox 360 Charge Station 360 - Black
 I used to have one of these before they were discontinued , I sold all the 360 stuff including this which was a huge mistake . . but I needed the money . I was looking for one online and found out they did n't make em like this anymore , but instead a different model and NOT in black , since now I have an elite , I wanted the battery to match the controllers , so I went with what I know what works.I got it in the mail , it holds a charge for the longest time , just like regular batteries do , but the best part is not paying 5 bucks every month on new ones , definitely the cheaper way to go in the long run.I strongly recommend this product to anyone , however not this particular model unless you were like me and could n't find the color to match the controller : / Otherwise , it works perfect and is a VERY good investment when compared to buying batteries .
 Bought this as a gift for my other half over a year ago . He loves it , and it still works great.This model has a `` chirp '' to it . When the battery is charged , the dock chirps really softly . It sounds like a cricket . But do n't worry , it 's not too loud that it will annoy you . It 's meant to remind you to remove the battery from the dock as soon as it 's done charging . This will extend the life of your batteries . It 's a nice feature . Love this product .
 My son wanted a black charge station and amazon is the only one that had the color black and the thing works great and i got free shipping so that was great ... . great product so far ...
 This charge station from Nyko works great . Replacing batteries can get expensive fast ... and it 's not green . These hold a charge for days and recharge fast . The only slightly negatve aspect to this device is the charge base emits a barely audible ` beep . . beep . . beep ' . One night , it took me 45 minutes to figure out WTF it was . Way worth the 30 clams .
 I 've had the original Nyko charge station -LRB- the white one -RRB- for over two years and it has never failed me . When it came time for me to buy the Elite console , I knew what this was the first accessory I was going to buy . I was not disappointed.I think Nyko did a better job with matching the batteries to the controllers than they did with the white ones . They are the exact same color and texture as the rest of the Elite controller . They added a little groove along the back of the battery which adds a little style to it . The batteries charge in just a couple of hours , and I 've found over the years that it 's more convenient to take the batteries out to charge them than it is to use the plug and play kit from M$ . $ 30 seems like a lot to spend on something like this , but compared to other options it 's a steal . You get 2 batteries and a charger , both of surprisingly high quality for a 3rd party product .
 Awsome , this is a very good charger to have , it saves you money A + product , highly recommended to have if you play alot !!!
 For Christmas 2007 , my wife -LRB- fiance at the time -RRB- bought me an Xbox 360 Elite , Rock Band , Mass Effect and this little guy ! The elite set came with two AA battery packs , and at the time Microsoft did not make black rechargable packs or charging stations . This charging station and batteries has worked out just fine . I have absolutely no complants about it . Have no worries about buying this item -- it is n't junk ! : - D
 this add on is a must for the rail fan that wants to operate the train . even though this is not real . this program add on is as close as you are going to get . you have to have a steady hand on the brake and throttle and be quick and persistant with the mouse to switch the cars . once mastered you are like the pro 's doing it for a living .
 get yourself windwaker at the small Gamecube bin at your local video game store , and buy the ocarina of time/master quest on craigslist for several hundred less
 Why I like these Zelda games ? Story without words , Graphics with out guts , Gameplay with out tantrums , and the creator
 The Halo 2 Plantronics headset communicator is by far the best headset one can purchase for the XBox -LRB- and , with an adapter , for the 360 as well -RRB- . While costly at a retail price of $ 50 , it is worth every penny . I would highly recommend finding one at a cheaper price , which is easily accomplished online.The product itself is sleek and well designed . I 've used the 360 Plantronics headset which is mediocre at best . For any XBox Live user , this is the one to get . I have not used a better headset than this one . I ca n't say enough good things about it . It is rugged and sturdy , and while made of plastic , is tough enough to withstand rough and tumble treatment . The only caveat is the attachment earpieces which may eventually break off . Otherwise , an outstanding piece of equipment .
 This is covered in the other reviews , but i would have found it useful if someone had listed out explicity what was included in this headset package . To use the headset , you will need the xbox s-controller -LRB- some non-M $ wireless controllers do not support the use of the headsets -RRB- , the headset itself * and * a connecting component refered to as a `` communicator '' . The communicator plugs into the controller , and has the headset jack . The communicator is * not * included with this item but can be picked up new for less than $ 20 at places like EB or Best Buy.One word on the price of this headset - $ 50 is too much - get it new for $ 20 from one of the resellers listed above .
 This is a truly great headset for those of us still gaming on original xbox . Its sound quality is loud and clear , the pick-up is perfect as well .
 This head set is so much better than the standard 360 headsets . for one thing it puts the sounds straight into your ear , not on the outside of it & i think it 's louder that the 360 's . It 's a must buy if you ca n't hear anyone on your 360 headsets !
 This microphone is so comfortable , I forget I have it on sometimes . I mistakenly wear it even if I 'm not playing an online game . If the over the head type microphones bother you alot , then you want this microphone . It is also good for people with glasses as it wo n't knock them out of place . I wear glasses and the regular xbox live mic always messed my glasses up . With the Halo 2 headset , it does not bother with my glasses at all.Consider this microphone if you are bothered with the regular Xbox Live headset .
 This headset is way better than the X Box one , considering the X Box one broke in a hurry . The sound quality is awesome and you do n't get any annoying breathing in the mic . Pick this one up !
 While I did not have to spend retail on this headset -LRB- I got it along with an Xbox and several other things on Ebay -RRB- , I did have to buy the communicator -LRB- which can be found on gamestop.com -RRB- and it was still worth the money . It blocks out background noises so that the people you are talking to wont hear other people in the household talking or guests that you have with you talking to you . While it is not worth $ 50 , if you can get it as part of a deal with something else , by all means do it.Note
 Plantronics has always been the leader in headset communications , and bringing their technology to the X-Box is a step in the right direction . The new GameCom H2 Xbox Headset by Plantronics is a great step up from the original X-Box Live headset . First of all , it 's more comfortable for the long hours spent playing your favorite X-Box Live games . Second , it eliminates outside noise which was a problem with the original Live headset.One thing you need to know about this headset is that it does n't come with an adapter . The original adapter that came with X-Box Live works with this headset , so if you 've used the older headset , you 're ready to play.Overall , it 's more comfortable and the sound is more clear , but you 'll need the adapter to plug in and play.I hope this review helped the uncertain buyers out there !
 Having been working for the U.S. Air Force for some odd time , the noise in a cramped jet cockpit with a 30,000 lb-thrust jet engine just 20 feet behind you , the noise is just too unbearable and they give us laboratory designed and tested earpices that REALLY help , and might I add these things are perfectly balanced and have the perfect noise-cancelling levels like the ones we get . So if someone in your living room was talking to you , everyone in the Xbox would n't hear , but it only takes a soft voice for them to listen and instead of the garbled and echoy noise you get on the standard headset , this comes out crisp and clean . Also it comes with 4 interchangable earpieces -LRB- Large and small of rubber and large and small of foam composition . -RRB- Now if it had big enough jacks , I 'd bring this in the plane with me . Believe me , this thing is worth it 's money and then some .
 This headset is probably the best xbox live recommended headset to date . Everything on the earpiece is adjustable to fit every size of ear . The big xbox live headsets are uncomfortable and begin to hurt after about a half hours use . Wearing the Halo 2 headset i actually forgot that I was even wearing it because it is so light . They have just released a new version of this headset that also comes the communicator with no difference in price . I greatly recommend this headset to anyone that plays xbox live on a regular basis .
 Great headset that is very comfortable over long periods of time . Very good sound quality , and , from what I 've gathered , sounds great on the other end of Xbox headsets too . It eliminates outside sounds which is great . The only negative I have is that the first couple of times you use it , you wonder how to put the danged thing on . I eventually learned that looking at the directions can help ! Awsome headset that is well worth the 50 dollars .
 This thing is comfortable for long periods of time and the sound is superb . I once upon a time had a Plantronics headset at the office that was virtually identical to this -- same high quality . Since these are on sale relative to their original MSRP , they are a steal.For 360 players , you will want to track down a `` converter '' for the 360 controller . It 's about a $ 10 item and is made by a company called Datel -LRB- I believe -RRB- . Basically , it 's an exact copy of the plug -LRB- with volume and mute controls -RRB- at the end of the factory 360 headset . Instead of the permanently attached cable , there is a jack into which you can plug the Halo2 headset .
 This Plantronics GameCom Halo 2 Edition Xbox Headset was not much better than the original headset that comes with the XboxLive box you can order . The product was givin good reviews , at least until i got it . Maybe its just me , but it seems to have enough ear accessories and it looks great . But when you try to put it on , it takes a few seconds . The earpiece does n't fit very well in my ear , even though it came with 4 adapters , none seem to be comfortable and work properly . I would n't recommend this product . The only reason i bought it was the original headset was build poorly and it broke . This product was built much more sturdy , and has many adjustments ; but i still am baffled by how this product does n't live up to its full potential.I do n't think this review will change anybodys minds who reads this , but make sure you know what you 're getting into paying for a $ 35 - $ 55 device .
 I am a very picky person when it comes to any kind of tool that I will be using a lot and ofcourse when it comes to gaming in some Halo action , I do n't want to have any problems with the headset . Now I have tried all of the headsets that are made for the xbox and xbox 360 , except the wireless one , and I can tell you hands down that this one IS the best . I bought the under the ear kind wich sounds great but NOBODY can hear you so it was a waste of money . I have even bought most of the good cell phone headsets but the noise cancelling system just does n't cut it . I finally bought this one and the original xbox headset , the one with bad reviews of breaking . Although the original xbox headset has a weak breaking point on it , I do give it a 9 when it comes to sound , not a 10 because sometimes there is just too much bass recognized . But the Halo 2 headset still only gets about an 8.5 for sound which is still incredible to me , I just know that they can make it a bit crisper . But as far as comfort for all day gaming , voice recognition sensitivity , bendable boom mic , and noise cancelling -LRB- especially against surround sounds and others talking -RRB- this Halo 2 headset is hands down the best headset you will buy as of right now . The only draw back I had being very picky is that I give it an 8.5 , not a perfect 10 on sound and it did n't come with an inline mute and volume button . But I just bought the 360 controller adapter and it works perfect like that anyway . So trust a picky person , untill they come out with something WAY better , this is the only way to communicate on xbox live .
 The headset seemed a bit small at first , but fit ok.The earpeice side is slighty ajustable , which is good.Does slip off occasionaly . Peformance is very nice , the quality is great.It would have been perfect if it were a bit more sturdy.WARNING
 The plantronics is the best third party headset for xbox and xbox live so far . I have had it for a month now and it has been working perfectly . The headset really fits well on top of your head and the microphone picks up your speech but not exess breathing and other little noises like that . The cord is long enough to give good clearance from your head to the controller so you do n't have to worry about having a tight cord and having your head really close to the controller . All in all it is a great headset and a really good replacement headset for the junky microsoft xbox live headsets .
 i was shopping for another head set for the 360 and saw this on clearance at a best buy . i picked it up for $ 1.50 and it works amazingly.u dont get the on off switch or volume control , but to be honest , i never use them on the other head sets.its soft , easy to wear , the mic arm is bendy and it just slides up out of ur way , leaving the ear peice and arm in place ... i got lucky with this find .
 with a good video card and basic surfing knowledge , a good time can be had
 Unlike some of the reviews I read at Amazon.com for Full Spectrum Warrior , I really enjoyed the original and find the upgrade FSW Ten Hammers to be excellent as far as I have played it . It seems to me that the game developer did a good job of adding further features while keeping up the excitement . I have not tried any multiplayer yet but will eventually and would raise my rating of the game if the MP aspect of the game is as good as what I have experiencd so far . I had some minor video problems at the start which were taken care of when I upgraded my graphics card driver . As always , try the demo first and make sure you have the hardware to match requirements .
 I agree with the other review . though it is missing the first person camera , and a slight graphical bumpdown from the ps3 version , aside from twisted metal head on this is the finest handheld car combat game there is . This game proves what the psp can do , looks great , plays and sounds great . if you like shooting machine guns mounted on a hood as you power drift around corners , this is the vehicular mayhem game for you ! 43/4 stars . -LRB- lack of first person -RRB- .
 This game may not be as fantastic as the ps3 's version but for a PSP version its totally awesome
 Yuri Orloff witnesses a Russian mob hit in a restaurant , and suffers a psychotic break . Focusing on the spent shellcasings , Yuri concludes the profit margin on weapons far exceeds the restaurant business , and you can get shot either way . Thus begins his climb to international arms dealer.Cage 's performance is sublime as the amoral but intensely likable Yuri Orloff.The `` Making of '' movie on the second disk was a sobering counterpoint to the film itself . Among the points made ; it was cheaper to purchase live arms for the movie than to make mockups , and the Russian tanks used in one scene were due to be shipped to Lybia.My husband and I have wiewed the movie 5 times now , and it peels like an onion . We enjoy the characters more each time , and all are very well performed .

 `` Lord of War '' begins by following a bullet from the moment it is manufactured to the point at which it is fired and kills somebody on the other side of the globe . I think it is obvious that is what is going to be the payoff to the opening sequence , but I also think that you know the victim is going to be instantly recognizable as an innocent , because clearly selling arms is a bad thing . But the point of this 2005 movie from writer-director Andrew Niccol is that selling arms is also big business . How big he saves for the final punch line of the film , which makes sure nobody finishes watching `` Lord of War '' without getting the point.Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- is a Ukrainian immigrant who discovers that his gift in this world is selling arms -LRB- a.k.a. `` gun running '' -RRB- . He teams up with his brother , Vitaly -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- , until they are paid off one time with cocaine and a kilo is appropriated for personal use . Pursuing Yuri is Jack Valentine -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- , an American agent working with INTERPOL , whose Achilles heel is that he will not break the law , although you have to admire his interpretation of holding a suspect in custody for 24 hours before charging them . Yuri always knows exactly where he stand vis-a-vis the law , but I must saw that he is perfectly polite when yanking Valentine 's chain . Yuri 's own Achilles heel would be his wife , the former Ava Fontaine -LRB- Bridget Monyahan -RRB- , a super model that he is able to wine and dine into becoming his wife . She remains oblivious to what he does , but if Yuri has to choose between his wife and his work , you are inclined to think he would go with the latter . After all , the fall of the Soviet Union and the arms bonanza that creates in the former republics is a lot more important to Yuri than the fact his son has started walking.However , there are two people who seem to pose a bigger threat to Yuri . One is Simeon Weisz -LRB- Ian Holm -RRB- , the king of the arms dealers , who sells not for the money but to dictate the balance of power in the world by picking sides . Yuri refuses to pick sides . Yuri maintains he is oblivious to what the guns , grenades , tanks and other military hardware are ultimately used for by the people who buy them -LRB- the same can not be said for Vitaly -RRB- . Weisz wants to squash Yuri , but whether it is for economic or ideological reasons is not clear . The other threat is one of Yuri 's biggest customers , Andre Baptiste Sr. -LRB- Eamonn Walker -RRB- , the dictator of Liberia , who is crazy enough that he might blow Yuri away on a whim with a gun that has not been sold yet -LRB- or by sending him a couple of local women from a country that has one of the highest AIDS rates in the world -RRB- . Since the film focuses so much on Yuri 's ride , you know that there is going to have to be a fall . The question is , how far and how hard?Niccol wrote and directed `` S1mOne '' and `` Gattaca , '' and also wrote `` The Terminal '' and `` The Truman Show , '' so clearly there is always some important point to be made in his films . `` Lord of War '' is one that defines a problem without attempting to offer a solution . Indeed , the punch line at the end of this one , which is reinforced by the facts related before the end titles , makes it clear no solution is possible . Yuri 's final words put a spin on what has transpired , but you have to think people in the audience are just focusing on the horror and the madness of it all . Then again , Cage 's performance makes you root for Yuri despite the fact that what he is doing is bad , which makes him a bad person.The evil of being a `` Lord of War '' is the overriding point of the film and that judgment is supposed to overcome some of the problems with the narrative . Yuri does a lot of the work in the field by himself , which seems a tad dangerous to me , but I guess part of the attraction here is that he is glib enough to survive living on the razor 's edge . But I really do not understand why he wants his brother with him ever again once he clearly becomes a liability . Again , it is Cage 's performance that forgives a lot of these concerns and Niccol does have a payoff for the big set up . The results are not great , but certainly well worth watching .
 After 25 years in West central Africa and after living through several of the wars that went on there , it was like going home to watch this movie . There were one or two items out of place but other than that it was as real as a movie of this nature can get . If anything it was not violent enough and did n't show the gross incompetence of the U.N. in stopping some of the killing of civilians that went on .
 `` Lord of War '' is a wake up call for all people ; it is a movie that emotionally effects the viewer and spotlights the reality of war that the mass media , educational systems , and social structure do not want you to understand . The first time I viewed this movie I found myself in complete disbelief that Hollywood had actually been able to release this film , because it is the ultimate `` Reality '' show
 Not your typical thriller -LRB- where are the car chases . . -RRB- . Lord of War is constructed like a documentary with a plot.Cage is excellent , so is the screenplay.The movie not-so-subtly speaks against war , arm dealings , and developed countries making quick buck on misery of genocide and civil wars while at the same time hypocriticaly imposing embargos , sanctions , etc.Be prepared for strong language , a lot of violence and sexuality - all of which give really gritty surface to the otherwise sleek story.Many quotable one-liners and fast pace make it solid entertainment , if you can call it this thought-provoking drama .
 * SPOILERS * `` Lord of War '' is a genuine cinematic rarity
 In the first half an hour of the movie , I smirked and thought to myself , two things are for sure1 . Yuri 's charasmatic brother will probably die -LRB- in slow motion -RRB- 2 . Yuri 's demise will be inevitableAt its core , Lord of war , provides a familiar story in character progression , Yuri begins and ends his journey in the same manner as a cocaine dealing ` Tony Montana ' or ` Henry Hill ' . Opertunistic and cunning at first , spinning out of control by midway and out of luck by the end.However , thats not what L.O.W. is really about . It turns into a fresh experience . The stakes are completely different and the moral grounds more frightening . Although Yuri isnt a violent man -LRB- more of a leech -RRB- , his actions are more destructive , and more inhumane than any person you will see weilding a weapon ... in any movie . He is completely detached from reality , oblivious to righteousness , and completely ignorant of his responsibilities . And when everyone around him is shooting each other , he is the ultimate sinner . For me , I guess that 's one of the big messages , and in fact its a very informative movie into the gun trading business .
 Andrew Niccol 's Lord of War is a very good piece of filmmaking . Niccol takes a serio-comic look at the machinations of the necessary evil that are freelance international arms dealers . This subject has been done before but with disastrous results with the Chevy Chase and Gregory White comedy vehicle , Deal of the Century . Niccol 's film is much better due to its subject matter having more resonance in this era of post-Cold War and post-9 / 11 . It also is inherently better due to another fine performance out of Nicholas Cage who has to have cornered the market on deadpan delivery of dialogue that has full comedic timing and at the same time fills a scene with dramatic weight.Lord of War is the story of one Yuri Orlov . A Ukrainian-born American who grows up in what he calls a different type of hell from communist USSR
 There are a lot of critical reviews regarding the fact that the movie is n't as funny as some would like , or because `` the message '' is n't exactly what they want it to be . But , this is a great movie . As a story , it does a good job of dragging the viewer into the protagonist 's head . The shocking thing , that many reviewers do n't like , is that Ury is kinda nuts . He just does n't `` get '' other people , probably because he does n't care about them like a normal person . This guy 's passion is the rush he gets from trading arms . Although , there is a lot of ambiguity about exactly what Ury 's thinking . That 's part of story . Just how far gone is this guy?Basically , this is a solid movie about an upleasant topic with a plot twist at the end . Very graphic , fair amount of action , good script , strong acting in the important roles , and some very dark humor . If you have a very dark sense of humor or are looking for a hard-hitting drama , this film is excellent.The plot itself is straightforward -LRB- guy becomes int ' l arms dealer and faces unique career and family issues along the way -RRB- , but the ending will be surprising to most people . Although well foreshadowed , it is also well-concealed . It 's one of those things that will make you re-think a ton of what came before , like `` Fight Club . '' I do n't understand why some reviewers think the portrayal is so innaccurate . Ury had lots of help , but the structure of his organization is n't so important . In fact , Ury could have taken a very personal approach to sales , that is a typical feature of the Russian mob and makes them hard to catch.I can see that the movie was n't as funny as the trailers implied . It was funny at times , but ultimately the movie is a tragedy . I suspect that a few of the jokes were so dark that many people just did n't find them humorous . For example , there is a scene where a customer shoots a guy for no apparent reason . I thought it was a funny scene , you had to know it would happen at some point , and Ury 's reaction was just too perfect . A girl I watched the movie with , on the other , screamed in shock . `` Lord of War '' is funny in the same way that `` Truman Show '' was funny or the same way that Hamlet chatting up a skull can be funny . If that is n't funny to you , this wo n't be either . The trailers did make clear that `` Lord '' was n't funny in a traditional sense and it just is n't . Actually , I would n't recommend `` Lord of War '' to anyone who is n't up for some gruesomeness . There are scenes as graphic as `` Saving Private Ryan , '' but the victims are rarely soldiers , some are kids . The violence is important to the message and is n't as bad as it could be , but it 's ugly.I give it five stars because `` Lord '' has an intensity that so many movies lack these days , portrays the int ' l arms market in an interesting way -LRB- and fairly accurately -RRB- , has some great acting , and has just enough humor to keep it from being overbearing .
 Lord of War follows the exploits of Yuri Orlov , a Ukranian immigrant to America in the early 1980s . Yuri decides to get into the gun-running business when he sees an attempted assassination of a ganglord one day in his hometown . The movie follows Yuri 's story over the course of 20 years . All the highs and lows of the business , and the consequences of his actions.This movie is definitely not an action adventure . It really is more of a satire ; a serious , violent satire , but still a satire . Somehow , the movie allows , even encourages us , to root for Nicolas Cage 's ruthless , exploitative character . Yuri is a good , deep character , who is aware of his flaws , but he is also aware that gun-running is the one thing he is good at , and he is not so willing to give it up . Nicolas Cage is obviously a talented actor , and he does a good job here , but nothing that he has n't done the basics of before . Jared Leto , who plays Yuri 's brother , Vitoli , does an admirable job of playing a distressed , drugged-out , morally aware sidekick to his brother 's illegalities . The best character of the movie , though , is agent Jack Valentine , played by Ethan Hawke . Valentine appears sparingly , but the scenes that he and Cage share are the best of the movie . The verbal sparring between the characters is extremely well-written , and has a deep meaning that runs underneath the entire film.Don ' t watch this movie expecting nonstop action and explosions , watch it for the ideas that it expands on , and the moral dilemmas it exposes . The film asks many questions , and the answers are complicated . But one thing is for sure
 From start to finish this film packs a semi-sweet .40 caliber punch . Nicholas Cage portrays the character of Yuri Orlov , a man who 's come from nothing and took his younger brother with him . The film 's dark comedy tones , not only deal with the morality of dealing guns to some of the world 's worst people but the addictions that plague us all and the wars we all face , world-wide , and personal . You 'll laugh almost the entire way through , yet hate yourself at times for doing it . A powerful performance , a great film , and a must-see . Best of all , it 's a true story .
 In `` Lord of War , '' Director Andrew Niccol -LRB- Gattaca , Truman Show , S1m0ne -RRB- shines his cinematic spotlight on the shadowy world of illicit arms trafficking - a global scourge that has claimed millions of lives since the end of the Cold War . It is a slick , stylish film about a slick , stylish crime . Yet despite its Hollywood feel , `` Lord of War '' is an excellent introduction to the opaque and oft-ignored activities of the merchants of death , or lords of war.The movie follows arms trafficker Yuri Orlov 's meteoric rise to the top of his profession . Yuri , played perfectly by Nicholas Cage , is the ambitious son of Ukranian immigrants whose desire to escape the banality of New York 's Little Odessa leads him to the hyper-violent war zones of post-Cold War West Africa - `` the edge of Hell , '' quips Yuri . There , he dodges bullets and Interpol agents while delivering planeloads of weapons to a sociopathic dictator . After each sale , Yuri returns to his multimillion dollar Manhattan condo , his fashion model wife , and their young son . Yuri 's transition between the two worlds is seamless , as is the ethical compartmentalization that allows him to exist in both
 I really enjoyed this movie . The story was great and fun to watch . The movie was made very well - i will definately buy it . The movie is about an arms dealer and his career - taking you to many 3rd world countries and remote locations . I strongly suggest watching this .
 Yuri Orlov is a globetrotting arms dealer . Through some of the deadliest war zones , Yuri struggles to stay one step ahead of a relentless Interpol agent , his business rivals , even some of his customers who include many of the world 's most notorious dictators . Finally , Yuri must also face his own conscience . This movie is not much of an anti-war or anti-bush or anti-guns movie . It was much deeper than that . It was about doing things that we are n't necessarily proud of for personal gain ; this is something that we all face . Also , at the end the movie mentions that the top 5 nations that export weapons are the United States , France , Britain , China , and Russia . It then says that these are the only permanent members of the U.N. Security Council . That is an interesting fact . I urge you to see this because it is not a movie you watch , it is yourself that you watch .
 One of the adverts at the start of the version of this DVD which I watched was placed by a campaign against the arms trade . The advert took the form of a spoof TV advert for weapons . It 's difficult to see what the people who paid for this advert thought they were adding to what is already on the disc ; essentially the film itself is a much longer and more sophisticated version of the same point.Nicolas Cage plays the central character and narrator Yuri Orlov , who was born in what is now the Ukraine and emigrated from the former Soviet Union with his parents . He becomes an international arms dealer . Obviously damaged inside by the human consequences of his trade , Orlov tries to deal with them by distancing himself from the actions of his customers and avoiding crimes other than gun-running . When a Columbian drug baron wants to pay him in cocaine rather than money , Orlov protests `` I 'm am arms trader , not a drug dealer . '' At one point one of his customers tries to `` reward '' Orlov by providing on a plate the opportunity to take revenge on a rival arms dealer who had murdered Yuri Orlov 's uncle . Although he had been close to his uncle and upset by that murder Orlov does not want to pull the trigger himself to kill the man responsible even under duress.Cage is one of very few actors who could bring off the studied understatement and ironic black humour required of the central character and narrator to make this film work . You are never quite sure what exactly is going on inside Orlov 's head . When he sees Gorbachov on TV announcing the end of the cold war , Yuri is so delighted that he barely hears his wife Eva -LRB- Bridget Moynahan -RRB- saying that their baby son is walking for the first time ; but you are unclear whether he is so pleased because he cares about the country of his birth or because this will mean more opportunties for gun running.Most viewers will be clear that for all Orlov 's wealth they would not want to change places with him
 I was n't sure if I was going to like this movie and I will admit that I was only watching it for actor Jared Leto at first -LRB- I also really like Nicholas Cage , but would not watch a movie just for him -RRB- . I really got in to it though and when it was over I loved it and it left me a little upset that it was over . It gives you some inoformation about arms dealing that is very interesting . It 's a movie that gives you a whole range of emotions ... you laugh , you get angry , you want to cry ... I would highly recommend this one to everyone .
 Lord of War -LRB- Andrew Niccol , 2005 -RRB- This one flew under the radar , or at least as under the radar as a much-hyped major Hollywood production can . Upon reflection , that 's not terribly surprising , given how strong a film it is ; good things , it often seems , never flourish in the sandy , sandy soil of Hollywood . And Niccol -LRB- Gattaca -RRB- has created a good thing here.Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- and his brother Vitaly -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- are arms dealers operating in the grey areas of the law . Or they are until Vitaly develops a rather nasty drug habit and goes into rehab , leaving Yuri to fly solo -- just as the Berlin Wall comes down and the arms market takes off . Yuri is being dogged by Jack Valentine -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- , an FBI agent who 's sure he 's breaking the law.As an action movie , it 's kind of fun , interesting , a bit slow at times but watchable all the same . As a chronicle of the slow descent into corruption of a guy who 's just trying to make his way in the world , it 's incisive , well-done , witty , charming . However , the movie really shines as a survey of the political and economic structure of the world in the nineties . Yuri Orlov is the perfect character to allow Niccol to ruminate on the general anarchic wackiness of a lot of different hot spots at the time . Yuri traipses through the former Soviet Union and Africa , and Niccol follows with his camera , casting light on some very nasty characters who are thinly-veiled -LRB- at best -RRB- analogues of real dictators . It 's good stuff ; you probably did n't see it in the theater -LRB- very few did -RRB- , but you can catch what you missed then on DVD now . ****
 i was expecting this to be an upbeat movie due to the completely wrong choice of music in the trailers . oh well , small complaint for a pretty good movie . this movie showed how one guy could be indirectly directly responsible for the deaths of many , many people . that 's right , i wrote it right . although he did n't kill the people , he handed the guns and other weapons to the people who he watched kill innocents.Nicolas Cage did an excellent job of portraying this man 's life . he was completely in the front runnings of smuggling illegal weapons while remaining outside of the immediate battle . there were so many disturbing scenes that i find it kind of hard to recommend to anyone who does n't like war type movies . that is exactly what this is , a war movie . if you remember the trailer even vaguely , it will through the intended mood off.so if you are ready for a deep , depressing , but brutally realistic movie , this is one you wo n't want to miss . oh yeah and stay away from weather man . that sucked .
 I guess I expected this movie to be a more comical take on the arms dealers.Some comic moments . But mostly I was blown away with the deeper and more profound message of violence , it 's impact , the human plight and our souls . It was one of those movies that kept me thinking on it and it 's more profound meanings long after it was over.My soul felt battered when I was through . A lot going on under the surface here than meets the eye .
 I rented this along with unleashed , two for the money , saw , constant gardener , and transporter 2 . It was obviously better than transporter , but it was easily the best of the bunch.This movie really does nothing too special , but it is a story that we have n't seen before . Nicholas Cage plays a gun-runner/conman . There is no huge plot in this movie , but Nick 's bro has some major issues . His wife becomes a pretty good character even though I would have liked to see some more conversations between them.What this movie does do is capitilize on every oppurtunity that it had , this is not billed as a huge action thrill ride , and rightly . The action is mainly those funny suspensful moments when you know the star is gon na figure something out to get out the stuation . Best I 've seen Nick Cage since 8 millimeter .
 The last work about arms dealing that I grappled with was `` Major Barbara '' , a play by George Bernard Shaw . It was a morality tale of a young woman , a Major in the Salvation Army , who finds her work supported by an arms dealer . Surprisingly , the arms dealers in the play and the movie have some of the same rationalizations for their work . They do n't kill anyone . They do n't start wars . They are only in business . If they do n't do it , someone else will . Everyone does it , including governments.So , not much has changed , except the venue . Shaw set his play in England . The DVD , written and directed by Andrew Niccol , is set mainly in Africa , in Utah made to look like Africa , with scenes in New York , and the Czech Republic made to look like the Ukraine.This is a work of art as compelling as `` Hotel Rwanda , '' and just as bleak , if not more so . It broad brushes Africa as the `` dark continent '' as much as Josef Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness . `` However , a hundred years have passed since Shaw and Conrad wrote about gun-running and Africa , respectively . Surely something has changed , has it not?Maybe not . Shaw 's arms dealer , Undershaft , is charming , generous , and ruthless . So is Nicholas Cage as Yuri Orlov . The world of both the play and DVD is a complex web of moral ambiguity , hiding the most murderous of crimes.The scene in the DVD in which refugees in a tent city are set upon by wild marauders armed with machetes and the ubiquitous AK-47s seems more similar to what is happening in Darfur than anything in Liberia , where the scene is supposed to take place.Africa no longer needs to be painted with such a broad brush . True , the DVD is about arms dealing , not per se about Africa , but still , give the continent a break . There is tourism . There are some economies that work . There are a couple of democracies . It is not all war lords . Isak Dinesen did a great job of writing about the beauty of the continent in `` Out of Africa , '' albeit in colonial times . However , to include travelogue and contrast within the DVD would have not been feasible because the DVD is a thriller.And the Liberian dictator played by Eamonn Walker is a classic character as well . But do we need another `` Emperor Jones ? '' Probably not , but just the same , the title comes from the dictator 's shaky English . Cage points out that when the dictator says `` lord of war , '' he means warlord . `` Just the same , '' says the dictator , `` I like it my way . `` As often happens in thrillers , the government of the United States is shown as ineffective enforcing the laws against gun-running , and actually supportive of it . It is true , as Cage tells the erstwhile agent who has arrested him , the government is the biggest arms dealer . I 'm not so sure about Cage 's further assertion that the government needs freelancers , to keep their fingerprints off.The moral glimmer here is that Yuri , with all his wealth , connections , and power , still goes to Hell . What a way to make a living.This DVD illuminates a business that is practiced , quietly , by people among us , who may look no different than you or I. Better to see what it is like than to be caught unawares .
 The first 5 minutes of the film is something to take notice of
 Andrew Niccol 's screenplay is something of a wonder . Despite a constant voiceover I felt it communicated the film 's anti-arms dealing message with wit and appropriate cynicism . It 's too bad Niccol 's direction does n't execute the screenplay as smoothly as I 'd hoped . There is no denying Niccol is brilliant when it comes to screenwriting ; `` The Truman Show '' was an absolutely masterclass in screenwriting while Peter Weir was there to guide it to absolute success . But that 's just it
 I really enjoyed the direction in this movie . The opening scene recalls that of Fight Club , but it is much more poignant . The scenes move quickly and stand on their own , and though many of the sequences are contrived and are hyperbolic , they ring true because This story is based on true events . The lead character was a real man and these things go down . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm no liberal . In the Clinton administration , the US was still the largest supplier of weapons in the world . I digress to the bottomline
 Anyone who rated this movie below a 3 should get shot.This movie depicts the truth about what has and still currently happens in our world today . It is a a movie that made me look inside myself and realize that this is the world I live in today . Nicholas Cage plays his part well in the movie . Actually , not just well , Brilliantly ! The ending is the best part . It took me awhile to get it but finnaly I did.Well anyway , enough of boring you.Just watch it!SurvivalMan
 One of the best films I 've seen over the last couple of years . Great acting , filming , and the music is ... more than great.smooth flow of events , it 's like you are reading a nice story.The movie is of great value ... based on true story for Weapon dealers all over the world , Their dog nature and show you how opposite is the human nature that suffered from killing . `` I would tell you to Go to Hell , but I think u r already there `` WoW Nicolas Cage ... do it again and again : -RRB-
 Andrew Niccol , who both directed and wrote the screenplay for Lord of War , has made an engaging , interesting movie . In the end , unhappily , its main message is corrupted and fails.Nicolas Cage gives one of his best performances playing Yuri Orlov , a self-absorbed loner turned arms merchant . The movie 's tension revolves around the duplicity and mendacity of Yuri . He has a trophy wife , wooed by lies and money . He has a younger brother whose drug addiction and unhappiness arise from being co-opted by Yuri into helping with the arms dealing ; his depression is enhanced by Yuri 's strange doses of misdirected brotherly love . Tension grows as we wonder
 I ca n't wait to get this movie on DVD . It appealed to every emotion in me , great !!!
 I do n't like Nicholas Cage , but this movie was great inspite of him .
 This was one of the Nicolas Cage movies that was harder to follow a a a a a a a
 This movie becomes more relevant with each passing year . Its one of Cage 's best performances and a great movie that did n't get the attention it deserved at the box office .
 Judging from the reviews -LRB- and , say , from an endorsement by Amnesty International -RRB- , most people consider this movie as a movie about arms trade , especially about private arms dealers . The main character , Yuri Orlov , is such a dealer , and the movie tells the story of his life so far , so this is indeed correct to some extent . Unfortunately , the deeper aspects of the movie are hardly appreciated.For me , this movie is about Yuri Orlov , brilliantly played by Nicolas Cage , and about the `` complexity of human existence in the modern world '' -LRB- Milan Kundera -RRB- resulting from the modern technology . The other movies directed by Andrew Niccol , the director of `` Lord of War '' , are `` Gattaca '' , `` S1m0ne '' , and `` In time '' -LRB- all are also written by him -RRB- . All of them are about the effects of future technology on human existence . They do not seriously overstep the borders of what is possible according to the modern science -LRB- in contrast with legions of others `` sci '' - fi movies -RRB- . In Niccol 's movies the more advanced future technology is only a tool for focusing attention on some things already in place.It is not surprising at all that in one of his movies Andrew Niccol deals with an existing technology . This technology , mostly the Soviet machine-gun AK-47 , is about 60-65 years old . It was a real breakthrough , and if one takes into account the cost and the ease of use , it may still be the best . AK-47 is the main merchandise Yuri Orlov is trading ; mostly because trading in AK-47 is the best from purely business point of view . He would trade in jet fighters or nuclear submarines , if governments would n't reserve this more profitable trade for themselves.Near the end of the movie -LRB- this is not a spoiler -RRB- Orlov 's wife asks him why he is doing this . He answers `` I 'm good at it '' . Here is one of the main problems of human existence
 This is truly a wonderful movie ! It is a great movie ! I can watch this over and over . I highly recommend this movie to adult audiences !!
 true . hollywood can be over the top or under the rug.this movie will move you faster then freddy croger -- walking on elms st.ever read a book that you could n't put down ? ever saw a movie that made you feel that you were literally glued to the sofa ? you guessed it -- this movie makes you feel like the later / former.like action realistic movies that compel you to see / think about governments / political trades / madness etc. , ? -- look no more .
 I 'll get to the point -LRB- I 'm not a fan of 2-page Essay reviews -RRB- and I do n't like ruining movies for fellow watchers.I thought this film had a great/complex story line . It definitively keeps you hooked , it is well narrated and character driven . The story-line plays out decently , taking you through an emotional roller coaster from love & hate to action , betrayal , cold-blooded murder , loyalty , courage etc. . The cast is rich with well seasoned actors , Ethan Hawke was awesome but Nicholas Cage was impervious.Overall in the end the movie had a great message and it actually opens your eyes to what 's really going on in the world ...
 Spellbinding movie based on a true story about how our government uses undercover agents to sell arms to third-world countries .
 Like many of Nick Cage 's recent movies , this one has a smirkiness about it that runs all through it . Maybe it 's the flat-affect voice-overs that play all through the film . But this seems more like a comedy than a thriller , even though it 's about private gun-runners and is loosely based in reality . Many of the scenes are almost slapstick , even when people are getting blown away by his products . If you think this is straight , then the joke 's on you .
 I do n't think Cage could disappoint in a movie , out of all the movies I 've seen him in he has yet to play a poor role . I have seen every movie he 's been in and even though there are some disturbing ones -LRB- 8mm -RRB- he has never done a poor job . This was a rather interesting movie for the topic and well put together script but I think the fact that cage was the lead he made the movie what it is . What it is would be a great movie hands down.I would recommend this movie to anyone that likes good action and a little intrigue mixed together .
 What I liked about this film is that in some ways , it was like a documentary . Nicolas Cage often gives monologues in films , probably because he 's so good at them . In watching this film I got the impression that Nicolas Cage 's character was real and what he expressed is actually what he felt . Nicolas Cage is most often cast as a troubled or conflicted character . In this film he was a little conflicted over being an international illegal arms dealer . Jared Leto played his drug addict brother who for a short time worked with him in smuggling arms to different countries.Like most who work in jobs where what they do is at least a little questionable , he aways had a good come back argument to make himself feel better about what he 's doing or rationalize it . `` all my weapons have safety switches on them '' , `` cars kill more people than fire arms '' , etc. .
 Getting ready for a long flight , I selected this DVD because I like Nicholas Cage and the trailers for this moving positioned it as a slightly funny movie as others here have mentioned . After watching the movie , I was very impressed that the movie could explore a mysterious -LRB- to me -RRB- topic with all seriousness and sensitivity as well , taking on a semi-political message that is relevant for 2006 and beyond.I had no idea what an arms dealers do , so I learned a lot from the movie which is based on a set of facts rather than being based in complete fiction . The Yuri character shows some sensitivity and sadness but all of that is negated by the lure of big money , even when people close to Yuri are killed . Emotional outpouring is temporary . Yuri 's blood must run ice-cold . I did n't realize that governments funnel money to arms dealers who supply weapons to one or both sides of a war . A sobering and irritating concept if it is really true.I do n't see many films that are enjoyable but also send a message . This is a movie that was both to me .
 Overall I enjoyed this movie . The performances were very good . A couple of criticisms , though . The depiction of how Yuri gets into the arms business was weak
 This movie is informative , yet entertaining . Learn all you need to know about gun running . Do n't expect a big action flick though ! Nicolas Cage and Ethan Hawke show they both have true gritt .
 Nicholas Cage seems to do the classic -LRB- although now somewhat uncommon -RRB- practice of making a highly commercial movie to pay the bills , followed by a more interesting , more arty film . Lord of War is one of those artier films , but it has the ability to cross over to audiences who do n't normally think of themselves as enjoying such movies . Think of it as the Goodfellas of gun-running . Lord of War is a blend of comedy and drama , weighted on the dramatic side , telling the whirlwind story of how a boy from Brighton Beach became one of the world 's biggest arms dealers . The movie moves too fast for us ever to learn much about most of the characters , but the actors are mostly up to the cast , sketching out their characters in a few quick strokes that suggest hidden detail the viewer never gets to see.In particular , Jared Leto plays Yuri 's younger brother who is tormented by the morality of their livelihood . Leto sinks his teeth into an arguably underwritten role and serves as the canary in the moral coalmine.Cage is his typical mix of manic and obsessive in a role where both work , and Bridget Moynahan is radiant while still bringing gravity to her role later in the film.The movie has no easy answers for the moral questions it raises.A solid recommendation for fans of intelligent crime movies , Nicholas Cage and Bridget Moynahan .
 Cage plays an amoral arms dealer who works his way up from the bottom of the food chain . Eamonn Walker really adds to the movie playing Andre Baptist , the leader of Liberia . He is Cage 's best customer and also his most dangerous . The character was quite similar to one in a movie I rented ealier this year called Layer Cake starring Daniel Craig as a British drug dealer .
 `` Lord of War '' -- in my humble opinion -- is an Americanized and fictionalized biography of the notorious Russian arms dealer Victor Bout -LRB- the real `` death merchant '' -RRB- who literally `` made a killing '' since the fall of the Soviet Union selling weapons to pretty much anyone who could pay for them . `` Lord of War '' -- when it sticks to the gunrunning -- is an excellent movie . It does a particularly fine job demonstrating what people like Victor Bout made possible in places like Liberia and Sierra Leone -LRB- think `` Lord of the Flies '' in Africa -RRB- . Some of the vignettes are priceless like when Yuri -LRB- the character played by Nicolas Cage -RRB- evades having a freighter of his laden with contraband seized the authorities through a hastily improvised deception . Another great moment is when we get to see happens to valuable property like cargo planes when they are left unattended in places like Liberia and Sierra Leone -LRB- think `` chop shop '' on an epic scale -RRB- . The movie does have some problems with it that prevent me from giving it five stars : - The plotline involving Yuri 's wife is pretty unbelievable . If you are married to someone like Victor Bout for a long period of time and you profess to be oblivious to his business , you 're either lying , being willfully blind , or are too stupid to live.-The idea that after Yuri had been indicted and arrested -LRB- and a trailer full of incriminating evidence seized as well -RRB- , he could be sprung from jail by some shadowy US Army officer is ludicrous . How do I know this ? Because , I did a study on another one of nature 's noblemen Manuel Noriega some years back . Even though he was once very useful to the US and in the pay of the CIA , once he was indicted for drug trafficking , it became impossible for the US to use him as proxie . The same thing would apply in Yuri 's case . Once he was indicted , I 'm sure that anyone who was making use of him would have dropped him like a hot potatoe.My final beef with the movie is the text that comes on the screen right before the credits role . The words tell us -- quite accurately -- that the world 's biggest sellers of arms are the US and the other permanent members of the Security Council.That is very true , but what the movie does n't tell the viewer is that the nature of US and British arms sales tends to be things like ships , planes , guided missiles , and other high-tech toys . These items are n't the tools of atrocities like those committed in Sierra Leone and Liberia in the late 1990s . Those things -- AK-47s , machine-guns , are the items in Victor Bout 's product line . Lumping sales of weapons to countries at peace with themselves and their neighbors in with criminal sales of `` gear '' to people like Charles Tailor of Liberia and the hand-chopping `` RUF '' of Sierra Leone is completely unfair and is a gross distortion of the facts .
 This is a movie that you have to really sit and watch from the beginning . It is another awesome Nicholas Cage movie . It is also another one that my 2 teenage boys just love and have watched just about every night .
 I 've seen this movie several times , but it never loses its impact on me . This is one of Nicholas Cage 's only good films and I feel that all the performances are great in the movie . With DVD 's becoming obsolete and the fact that my friend stole my DVD copy , I felt compelled to get the movie on BLURAY . It looks great and for a low price to boot
 Shows the viewer how things really happen in the world below the surface of civility . I think this story reflects Victor Bouts story to some degree . The brother is the typical liberal save the world type that gets his axx blown down quick as would happen in real life . The ending will blow you away as the hot shot INTERPOL agent learns that his target is working for the Global Pirates and the dumb INTERPOL agent starts to realize he is only pursuing a fake cause as HIS BOSSES are using Cage to do the dirty work of arms trafficking . You could make a similar movie about sex slavery . Nick Cage is exceptional .
 A perfect vehicle for Cage . Other actors were excellent . A good , witty , action-filled story without the usual cliches . People who did not like it are probably car-chase nuts and want more gore and sex . This is a smart movie ... one of my top 100 of all time .
 I liked this movie a lot . It is not what you would expect from the title . Its about the life of a very successfularms dealer and what he learned about life and people . One of Nickolas Cage 's better movies .
 I like true story movies . So when hubby told me about this movie I knew I had to have it . It is a really good movie . Nicolas Cage is a great actor . This is a must see movie !!!!
 If you are a Nicholas Cage fan you will enjoy this movie . I found it very entertaining and informative . This is a nice movie to add to your collection .
 Lord of War is a good cinematic take on the realities , morality and dilemmas of the world 's arms trade . Nicholas Cage fits the role to a T and Lord of War is one of his better recent roles . You watch Cages character develop from an immigrant New Yorker into a suave arms dealer to the world 's nastiest rulers and wanubie dictators . Plenty of action , love interest , wealth and world politic reality on display to suit the most jaded palette . Think the movie ` Wall street ' on the arms trade for a similar insider trading expose . The movie grips you from the memorable opening credits onwards and the tight direction , cinematography and acting makes repeat viewing no chore .
 At first I really did n't know what was I into . Like Most Nic Cage films I thought this one was going to be action-packed and fast paced think almost like -LRB- Gone in 30 Seconds and Next kinda -RRB- , well I mean do n't get me wrong by the title of the movie was `` Lord Of War '' and the poster with the guy behind Nic holding a gun makes it look like an action movie , it definitely did n't look Sci/Fi or Comedy so I supposed maybe it was action ... I was wrong ! Why I do n't care ? Because this movie despite it being different from most Cage films was surprisingly wonderful ! Do n't you just love it when you find a pleasant surprise ? This movie was more than just a story , it was based on true events and an outlook on Humanity and morality.The movie is told from a weapon dealer 's POV Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nic Cage -RRB- and his experience with dealing illegal weapons and selling them to foreign troops , governments etc. ... Apparently this illegal exportation and importation of weapons -LRB- mostly guns and rifles to be used in wars etc. . . -RRB- has gained Yuri millions of dollars but in exchange ripped him off his mortality , humanity , family and most importantly his soul.This movie was interesting to watch , I knew very little about this subject of weapon dealing but I think I actually gained some knowledge from watching this . Of course , Yuri does n't go on sealing weapons and wandering freely he is being pursued by the legal authorities who are trying to find him guilty and almost succeed till the last moment . Then you 've got his social life which consist of his relationship with his Ukrainian parents , wife and child and his younger brother who is played by -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- . However , mostly this film focuses on Yuri 's illegal activities.The casting choice I thought were very good , the acting was excellent too . The setting/customs etc. ... They were all very believable.Definitely a movie to watch !
 good movie I love all Nicolas Cage movies . Will be looking for more to buy . Came in great shape no problems
 LoW is a literary masterpiece suffused with dark satire and gallows humor . To see what I mean , read the following direct quotes or better yet , watch the film -LRB- at least once -RRB- for yourself : `` There are over 550 million firearms in worldwide circulation . That 's one firearm for every twelve people on the planet . The only question is
 You hear this phrase all the time . The movie Lord of War starring Nicolas Cage is a first person narative depicting the life of an arms dealer , a person who sells after-war weaponry.One of the most interesting aspects of this film is that its a first person narative , as if we 're directly in the mind of the main character . The story unfolds from a present time to retrospective view , from the first scene to his comment , than a flash back , returning to him once again , finishing his comment.The story takes place during the Cold War , where his family adopts a Jewish name to escape Russian tyranny . His family makes ends meat by working at a family restuarant . He shows the audience how living in his neighborhood , there was constant gang warfare and how his one defining moment that shaped his future in arms dealing , was 2 seconds from getting shot . He realized and commented how a certain commodity was always needed ... guns.Personally , I liked watching this movie because its something many people are not aware of until Hollywood shows us its or been happening . It too portrays both sides of morality , where his wife `` defends '' humanity while Nicolas seems indifferent towards the use of his sold weaponry . I find Nicolas 's comment when aruging with his wife , `` I cant stop , because Im good at it '' or something close to it , was very intriguing as I thought about the implications of that comment , where just because we 're good at it and it results in deaths , do we continue ?
 THis is a great film of course since it does n't have a happy ending its not going to be liked , It seems to me the greater the film the worst it is liked by the vast majority of people , -LRB- american audiences always want a happy ending -RRB- But i loved the ending , its sumthing that could happen or probadly does happen , not ever single poltican or government offical is good there are those courpts ones . If your a true film lover you 'll see all the greatest in this film , Which probadly most of it does happen so dont be 2 alarmed ppl the world is a horrible and dark place and few of us see it . .
 Lord of War follows Nicolas Cage through dangerous territory who becomes wealthy dealing arms but is emotionally unaffected by the conflicts around him.With little emphasis on action -LRB- except for a great plane crash landing scene -RRB- and with a great sense of dark humor and stylish photograghy this film brings to mind the insider view of the mob in Goodfellas.Unlike other recent films with important messages Lord of War tackles a serious topic but also manages to be entertaining.Cage 's performance is strong here compared to some of his other films because he does n't overdo it ... cold , crafty , and charismatic he 's the riveting center of Lord of War.An ambitious film that succeeds on many levels .
 This movie will make you think . This movie will not leave you untouched . Nicholas Cage is awesome as usual in a killer role . Must see ; no matter what side you choose .
 I think the title of this review says it all , but this is truly a spectacular movie . In retrospect , it 's like a guns version of the Johnny Depp movie `` Blow . `` Actually in more ways than one . Both films are about men who begin working in illegal businesses while making vast sums of money and watching their dream come true ; And then watch their lives crumble around them with time . Also both films received good reviews and featured Oscar worthy performances and scripts but were ignored by the Academy . Nicolas Cage takes a break from playing his loser character -LRB- Matchstick Men , The Weather Man , etc. -RRB- and instead plays Yuri Orlov , a Ukrainian man who was raised in Brooklyn . Yuri realizes one day that doing what he 's been doing is n't working for him , so with the help of his brother Vitaly -LRB- Jared Leto , ` Requiem for a Dream ' -RRB- he becomes a private gunrunner delivering to people in places like Sierra Leone , Russia , and Liberia . Meanwhile , Yuri also marries his dream girl Ava Fontaine -LRB- Bridget Moynahan , who looks completely different then she did in the movies ` The Recruit ' and ` I , Robot ' -RRB- and has a son . The movie says at the end `` Based on Real Events , '' which means nothing ... I doubt that a man named Yuri Orlov existed but that does n't make this film any more or less interesting . Writer/Director Andrew Niccol paints a near perfect portrait of a troubled , yet brilliant man who 's trying to support his family and make money no matter who or what he risks . This is one of Nicolas Cage 's best performances since `` Leaving Las Vegas . '' Both Eathan Hawke -LRB- That dude who was married to Uma Thurman -RRB- and Ian Holm -LRB- ` From Hell ' -RRB- deliver good supporting work ; Especially Hawke who plays an Interpol agent chasing Yuri for years and never truly getting what he wants . The movie presents a great message , something young viewers wo n't notice sadly enough . This is not only one of the most morally terrific movies of 2005 , but it was also one of the best and most overlooked . If you have n't seen this movie , then just do it.GRADE
 on the world we live in i have ever seen.depicts all the cruelty and uncaring and . . numbness and lack of any or all feeling toward other people , their suffering , and indeed their LIFE.i hear it is based on true story , but even it is not , you KNOW things like that happen EVERY DAY in the world , cuz you watch the news.its a true tragedy.and an excellent film with nick cage perfect in the role .
 This tight , well mounted and extremely well acted , produced and directed film , LORD OF THE WAR , brings to light the ugly underbelly of the world of professional arms dealers . Nicholas Cage is absolutely believable as the purveyor of illicit arms to some of the world 's most unsavory dictators . This is an important film , and while disturbing , perhaps because it is so disturbing , it should be seen by everyone .
 When Yuri Orlov -LSB- Nicholas Cage -RSB- discovers that his only talent is selling illegal arms to warlords and mafia crime lords , he starts on a wild ride that eventually -LSB- or I should say inevitably -RSB- leads him to getting in more messes that even the smoothest talking ca n't get him out of.Lord of War stars Nicholas Cage as a Ukrainian immigrant to America who discovers that they only thing he is good at is selling illegal weapons . His first deal is like , `` The first time you have sex . You do n't know what you are doing , but it is exciting , and ends way too quickly . '' Helped by his brother -LSB- Jared Leto -RSB- Orlov goes on to start selling more guns to countries that are at war with other countries because that is where the big money is in selling guns.The movie is styllish and is fast paced in lots of scenes as Orlov goes to different areas in the world , from Russia to Africa , to South America . He eventually reaches the top of the mountain and becomes very well known by war lords , has lots of one night stands with women , and not to mention he also becomes very rich . How rich ? He rented out a hotel just so he could trap a beautiful model -LSB- Bridget Monayhan -RSB- , his dream girl , and eventually charm her into marrying him.However like all good things there is an equal level of bad things such as ; Orlov 's brother as a cocaine addict , even running away with a kilo of cocaine and going crazy in a third world country . His wife has no idea what he does for a living , and like Cage 's character says , `` It 's not the double life that you live that gets you , it 's the fourth , fifth , and sixth lives that will . `` Ethan Hawke is also in the movie as an interpol agent whose sole purpose of living it seems is to bring Orlov down . The first scene we see Hawke 's character is when Orlov is on a freighter with M-16 's and has to cover the illegal guns with thousands of potatoes that do n't exactly smell like a field of fresh flowers in the warm sun.The movie does have a lot of scenes not for younger viewers involving women , as well as a lot of violence and language . Some smaller plot lines include Orlov meeting a Liberian dictator -LSB- Eamonn Walker -RSB- whose son is just as ruthless as his father , holding his trademarked solid gold AK-47 with him wherever he goes.There are n't many extras for this DVD , besides seeing trailers for the movie and subtitles . The lack of extras is the only thing I would see as a down side if you are the type of person who is into DVD extras . This is totally worthy of a DVD rental if you want to see a good movie on a Saturday night . -LSB- or any other day of the week , it 's your choice -RSB- But definately check this movie out for a solid story . `` There is one person out of every 12 who owns a gun , the question is how to arm the other 11 . ''
 Normally I do n't like Nicolas Cage , but in this movie I think he is really good . He plays a character that becomes a powerful weapons dealer . He travels all around the world buying and selling weapons . The movie reminds me of Traffic with Michel Douglas . The only difference is that Lord of War is about Weapon instead of drugs . Lord of War is a good movie and I can recommend you to see it .
 Lord of War stars Nicolas Cage as Yuri , a Russian immigrant who finds an unusual professional calling
 The acting in this film is well done . They all sell their respective parts . In this movie we follow Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- from his early days in the early 1980s as an immigrant in New York to the present . One day when checking out menu of their family 's competition across the street , he is witness to a Russian Mob assassination attempt . Of course the amount of ammo being used grabs Yuri 's attention . For he thinks everyone needs bullets . And this is all he needs to try his hand at gun running.He starts off his business by being a reseller of Uzi 's in New York and works his way up to arming countries . As Yuri deals his product , the repercussions of his sales are not glossed over . We see the havoc and death they bring . The sad part of the movie is what Yuri says is true ; most of what he does is legal . Yuri is a brilliant businessman and criminal , and can think on his feet . The movie has the feel of reality to it.When you see the volumes of arms he sells and the death it brings . It makes a strong statement . But I think the bigger statement is the fact that the five largest arms dealers in the world are the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council itself -LRB- U.S. , China , France , Great Britain and France -RRB- . And they continue to sell to whom ever will buy.Watch this movie . There are no spots in where you will be bored . But I will suggest that you do not let your young children watch it , for there are some very bloody and realistic death scenes .
 ` Lord of War ' , written and directed by Andrew Niccol , starring -LRB- and co-produced by -RRB- Nicolas Cage is a slightly better than average Nicholas Cage vehicle which at least some reviewers represented among the blurbs on the cover seem to misuderstand . At least two blurbs describe the film as a ` thriller ' , but it is definitely not a ` thriller ' in any normal sense of the term . My best description of the nature of the movie may be a ` biopic ' based on a parody of a ` New Yorker ' profile of a fictional arms dealer.The movie is much more about motives , personality , and development of the Cage character , a Ukranian emigrant to ` little Odessa ' in Brooklyn who develops his ` shady ' to illegal arms trade from selling Uzi 's to mercenaries to selling tanks and attack helicopters to African insurgents and strong men . The flick is not a thriller because aside from a few short incidents , there is never any enduring threat to the principle characters or any great mystery about Cage 's character or his enterprises . By comparison , the great thriller , ` The Usual Suspects ' creates a big puzzle from the very beginning which grows with developments until it is resolved only in the very last scene . Nothing like that is going on here . There is even very little mystery or suspense over whether Cage 's character will succeed with his romantic campaign.This movie is all about the principle character 's morality , the morality , or more accurately the strong legal sense of his antagonist , the Interpol agent played by Ethan Hawke , and the advice the principle gets from veteran arms dealer played by Ian Holm , and the consequences of following Holm 's advice.This movie is not quite as engaging as Cages 's best flicks , such as ` Adaptation ' , ` Matchstick Man ' , or even the action movie ` Con Air ' . But , it is a whole lot better than some of Cage 's stinkers such as ` War Birds ' . Actully , one of the most interesting things about the movie is what we learn about the illegal weapons trade and how it was affected by the end of the cold war . One almost expects these types of characters to be either outright scoundrels or inept . Cage is neither . He succeeds in escaping from the dual perils of the law and his unsavory customers.Unlike ` Con Air ' and even ` Adaptation ' , this movie suffers a bit from the rather light cast . There is no one like John Malkovich against which he can play.All in all , this is still a worthwhile movie , although the DVD extras are remarkably slim , probably because there is another 2 disk version , of course , for a higher price !
 The Lord of War tracks the adult life of a Russian immigrant , Yuri Orlov , played by Nicholas Cage . To get out of his crappy life in Little Odessa , he begins selling guns to local mobsters . His business becomes larger and larger until he is the top gun runner in the world , besting a rival who had looked down on him . When communism falls in the Ukraine , he goes to see his uncle who is a Colonel in the Red army . Together they sell Russian guns , tanks , helicopters and missiles because the government is in such disarray no one is watching.Along the way , Orlov marries his dreamgirl , a model and struggles to help his brother stay clean of drugs and alcohol . The wife knows her husband is n't on the up and up but does n't want to know because she says she does n't want him to lie to her . In the end , when she finds everything out and leaves him , it 's hard to have a lot of sympathy for her . Ethan Hawke plays a Javert-like Interpol agent trying desperately to put Yuri away . He knows he 's guilty but can never get the proof he needs.This was a very well-made film . All the performances are top grade and it 's a beautiful movie to look at . There is an undercurrent of very black humor throughout a serious story . The end result of what happens with all the weapons that are bought is shown bluntly and can be quite jarring . Cage does a good job playing a man fighting with the immorality of what he does while knowing , as he says in the movie , that he 's good at it , and if he quits , someone else will take his place tomorrow . There are missteps along the way ; a few plot points you 'll see coming before they happen and some of the music choices were too obvious , but overall this was a very good movie .
 I go to movies to be entertained , but also to be touched in the spirit or to learn something . I know movies are a facsimile of reality and reality is often compressed to fit the two hours of the story and simplified so that it does not add unneccesary complexity to the film . Hence , I would not quibble if the interpol in the movie also acts like a swat team and the FBI.This movie delivers in all three ways
 This movie was superbly done , so well that if it would have tilted but an inch it would 've been the worst movie ever , that inch never comes , and the movie travels , so brilliantly , so thoughtfully , so greatly through scene from scene , that it could very well be the best movie Cage has done in the last fifteen years .
 This is another brilliant performance by Nicolas Cage a Ukranian immigrant arms dealer who lives a secret life from his family . The movie is fun throughout and raises a lot of moral questions . Cage is basically a nice guy who is in `` business '' because he is `` good '' at what he does . When he is made to see what his work is causing , he has to choose between his `` career '' and doing what is right .
 Nicolas Cage -LRB- Face/Off , Family Man , upcoming Weather Man -RRB- stars as Yuri Orlov , who is an arms dealer who sells guns to people in other countries ... where their for he gets money . Along the while he has a brother named Vitaly , played nicely by Jared Leto -LRB- Alexander , Requiem For A Dream , Urban Legend -RRB- but here 's the thing , Vitaly has a cocaine problem and tends to bring hooker like women around all the time . Leto helps his brother Cage in the business . Cage falls for once glamour modle Ava Fontaine , played by Bridget Moynahan -LRB- Sum Of All Fears , The Recruit -RRB- , the fall in the love and have a kid named Nicky . Cage buys her nice things , clothes , jewerly in the process . Ethan Hawke -LRB- Assault On Precinct 13 , Tape , Taking Lives -RRB- plays Agent Jack Valentine who will do anything to bring down Cage and him manufactoring guns ... in which case it wont happen because there 's a lot more people around the world who manufactor guns as well . Cage brings life to his performance in Yuri ... terrific as always Cage is ... and I dont think any other actor would be right for the role . In the same vein as Three Kings . One of the best movies of the year ... right up there with Crash and Sin City ... well , that 's just me for ya anyway . Also starring Ian Holm -LRB- Lord OF The Rings Trilogy , Aviator -RRB- .
 Nicolas Cage delivers another smashing performance as Yuri , a gun runner who goes from small time arms dealing to supplying whole armies with instruments of death and destruction.Cage is amazing in Lord of War as always . The genious behind Cage 's acting comes from the fact that though we know his character is the embodiement of evil and that we SHOULD despise him , we dont . Its because of his character 's wit , charisma , and intelligence . Intelligence stemming from the self knowledge that Yuri has ; in knowing and understanding himself and ultimately in realizing he ca n't do a damn thing to change who he is.This is why I loved this movie . It strayed from the Scarface formulae that movies like BLOW and other tales of The Rise and Fall of Some Power Hungry Fool stayed true to . In the last 10 minutes of the movie it dove into the realm of Shaymalan , where the unexpected twist took even me by surprise . And by the end of the movie , I saw what Lord of War was truly about . A critique of the way in which our world works , social commentary meets hollywood ala Hotel Rwanda , and an entertaining thrill ride thrown in for kicks .
 I 'm going to borrow an analogy used in the recent Supreme Court confirmation hearings for a moment . When Nicholas Cage comes up to bat , he frequently hits singles or misses , but when he hits a homerun , it is usually out of the ballpark . Cage has certainly made his share of crappy -LRB- `` Gone in 60 Seconds '' -RRB- or mediocre films -LRB- `` The Family Man '' -RRB- , but he has also , occasionally , made really good films . Films that he should be proud of . Films that would do a Nicholas Cage Film Festival proud . `` Lord of War '' is such a film.Directed by Andrew Niccol -LRB- the writer of `` The Truman Show '' and the writer/director of the underappreciated `` Gattaca '' and the rightfully forgotten `` Simone '' -RRB- , `` War '' is a dark comedy that falters only once or twice . This coupled with a terrific performance by Cage make it a memorable film . Whether it becomes a remembered film has yet to be seen.Yuri Orlov -LRB- Cage -RRB- and his brother Vitale -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- are second generation Ukrainian immigrants helping their Catholic parents run a Kosher restaurant in the Little Odessa neighborhood of New York . One day , Yuri witnesses a gang shootout and realizes that money can be had from selling guns . He talks Vitale into partnering with him and they start a business taking them into war zones across the globe . As the money rolls in , each spends on their vice of choice ; Vitale starts snorting profit through his nose and Yuri romances Eve -LRB- Bridget Moynahan -RRB- , a famous model from the old neighborhood . After they are married , the Cold War ends and business really picks up . A zealous ATF agent -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- sets his sights on Yuri.Reportedly based on true events , `` War '' is a fast-paced , darkly comic look at a man we should loathe.Cage 's performance is great . The film begins with Yuri breaking the fourth wall ; addressing the audience from the screen , talking about his business and his morals -LRB- `` I never sold guns to Osama Bin Laden . Not on moral grounds , just at that time , his checks were always bouncing . '' -RRB- setting the tone for his character and the film . Throughout the film , Yuri frequently provides narration which is light and breezy , a brilliant counterpoint to the subject matter . This also helps to make his character more memorable , because what he says is usually completely at odds with what we should be feeling or experiencing . Somehow , and I 'm not entirely sure how he does it , Cage makes Yuri a sympathetic guy . Yuri is a drug runner who sells weapons and helps keep wars going so he can make more money . He occasionally uses drugs and also cheats on his wife , Eve . Yet , we care for him . When he gets into dangerous situations , we want him to get out safely . How did Cage accomplish this ? Part of it is that we see him in dangerous situations . Other people die . The danger is there . Things happen to him . He is n't completely unaffected either . Because we feel for him , we laugh at ourselves for being taken in by this character which in turn adds to the dark humor.Niccol manages to tell a political story , without preaching . We learn or witness as the story unfolds . The beginning sequence , a terrific point of view shot of the journey of a single bullet from manufacture to use also helps to quickly establish what Niccol is trying to do . He uses Yuri as his mouthpiece , serious at times and completely unaffected at others . Because we are watching the events through this character 's eyes , it would be impossible for the film to be very preachy . Yuri would n't stand around and preach about this or that , so Niccol does n't either . Even though Yuri frequently makes statements about his impartiality to one conflict or the other , his statements and what he witnesses inform us . Parts of the story are serious and others are satirical . Niccol maintains this blend well throughout faltering only a few times in the last act.The supporting cast is good . Jared Leto is convincing as Vitale , Yuri 's coked out , out of control younger brother . Bridget Moynahan is also good as Eve , Yuri 's wife , who does n't face the truth until forced to . Ian Holm makes a brief appearance as an old school gunrunner , Yuri 's main competition.Ethan Hawke 's role as Agent Valentine is little more than a glorified cameo . Hawke starred in Niccol 's first film `` Gattaca '' and I get the sense they wanted to work together again , no matter the project . It seems as though Valentine is meant to be the character who reflects was we should be feeling , the conscience of the audience . In his few moments on screen , he says what we should say ; he displays the disgust we should feel . But the character is , as mentioned , only on screen for a brief period . Thankfully . If the character did work , providing a Yang to balance Cage 's Ying , the film would lose a significant amount of its dark humor . It 's a small role and odd that they would use his name in the advertisements . `` Lord of War '' is not a perfect film , but it is a memorable one and it contains a great performance from Nicholas Cage .
 Nicholas Cage does a dynamic job portraying Yuri Orlov , a lowly Brooklynite turned international arms trafficker in the thriller Lord of War . The timeline of the film starts as Orlov sells weaspons during the waning cold war years to Soviet strongmen , than he switches over to getting warlords and child soldiers as customers in Liberia and Sierra Leone . Eamonn Walker does an excellent job playing the sociopath Liberian president , Andre Baptiste Sr. . Orlav makes it clear from the beginning of the film that he is a businessman . He does n't care who gets guns ; it matters more that they are using his products . `` There are enough guns for one out of every twelve people in the world , '' said Orlov . `` It is my job to get guns to the other eleven . '' Even when he is asked if guns are more dangerous than cigerettes , he states that at least guns have safety pins . Throughout the film Orlov has his family telling him that what he is doing is wrong . It is interesting to see if Orlov ever has a change of heart . Despite the fact that there are arms traffickers all over the world , it is hard to be mad at Orlov because many governements , such as China , Russia , France , UK and US allow these people to carry on their work . Coincidentally all the above countries are permanent members of the UN Security Council . This is a fascinating film for anyone interested films with socially redeeming value .
 Nicolas Cage portrays Yuri Orlav , a worldwide arms dealer who shows no sign of stopping anytime soon because `` I 'm good at it . '' . He wears a gold bullet on a necklace around his neck like a cross . He feels that he 's not breaking the ` Thou shalt not kill ' commandment since he only sells the weapon and does n't pull the trigger.Bridget Moynahan plays his supermodel wife with supermodel brain matter , i.e. as long as there 's a lot of money and presents , I wo n't ask questions . Her acting ability HAS improved a bit since The Scout starring the drunken chain-smoking sexaholic and Al Pacino.Jared Leto does an awesome job as Yuri 's alcoholic drug addicted brother and ` brother in arms ' partner in the business.Both Jared 's and Bridget 's characters start developing a conscience later on in the movie but by then it 's too late.For the eye-opening message about the world of arms trading that the movie tries to send , it 's a very good movie . You can tell however that the producer is trying to turn this -LRB- Not Rated -RRB- movie into a PG-13 instead of an R rating , which would be a HUGE mistake . The nude scenes have been trimmed quite a bit so they almost but not quite show something . The violence scenes are the same way where you see people being attacked and shot but you do n't see splatter coming out the exit wound.The only problem that I had with this movie was the overuse of cliches , asimiles , and metaphors that make the film a little too philosophical.This is NOT a movie for kids or teens , even for this so-called not rated version.Movie warnings
 Nicolas Cage once again demonstrates that he is one of the best actors around in his bravura performance as Yuri , a man who discovers at a young age both his talent for sales and his high tolerance for risk . These two mix as he enters the quasi-illegal -LRB- it comes out in the very last scene of the film -RRB- , highly dangerous , and insanely immoral world of providing arms to the highest bidder . Yuri is apolitical and is able to walk away from the impact of his work on civilian populations without much more than ` it 's not our war . ' He tries at one point to go legit but a visit from the Liberian president to his home persuades him that his talents are needed elsewhere . Even the death of his brother , caused in no small measure by Yuri 's own greed , is not enough for him to stop.Cage is superb in this film . It is a very dark film and will leave you thinking long after it 's over . I do n't recall seeing trailers for it when it was in theatrical release but it would have been a great film to see on the big screen .
 This sharp , incisive , and darkly funny movie about the career of a Ukrainian born American gunrunner was probably too cynical to find acceptance with a general audience . Its central character is an amoral , conscience-challenged arms dealer who finds it impossible to leave his chosen profession no matter the cost to himself or the people around him because `` he 's good at it '' . Despite all of Nicholas Cage 's inherent charm , this guy is hard to like , especially as the progress of the film will demonstrate his gaining the world and losing his soul and everything else that matters to him . Films with disturbing protaganists usually do n't do well , and judging by a lot of the negative reviews I see here , I think this was a prime example of that response.Most Americans probably do n't even recognize or contemplate the fact that our government is the largest arms dealer in the world . Followed of course , as pointed out in the movie , by all the rest of the UN Security Council -LRB- China , France , Great Britain , Russia -RRB- . You can take the stance that Nic Cage 's Yuri does in the film of `` if I do n't do it someone else will '' or you can wonder would any of the suffering of , especially , the third world be relieved if arms dealing was n't so easy , prevalent , and cheap . Yuri is not sociopathic as many have labeled him in their reviews , he is doggedly amoral . He takes no sides , he deals to whoever has the cash . His chief rival admonishes him that he must take sides . But is that any real option or just more of the same rationale to assauge one 's conscience?At any rate , I for one was n't bored , and I found the writing sharp and insightful and fascinating as it recounts in dispassionate detail the rise of a world class arms dealer . Extremely well played by Cage , he somehow remains detached from the consequences of his actions for a long while , until all the dark and cynical humor coalesces in the end to a detailing of the harsh tragedy the trade really engenders.The writer/director has created a stylish piece that actually bites into a subject worth thinking about , and takes us into a ruthless and cold world we know little about . Recommended for those wanting something different . 4-1/2 stars .
 After sitting through -LRB- suffering through , really -RRB- the last installment of Star Wars and the recent King Kong , with all their excessive CGI , poor character development and bad acting , I had the unexpected pleasure of seeing Lord of War on pay-per-view . Lord might have some detail inaccuracies -LRB- e.g. specific aspects of being an arms dealer or the function of Interpol -RRB- , but it makes up for it in being dead on accurate when it comes to focusing like a laser on moral hypocrisy . Republican president Dwight D. Eisenhower warned us fifty years ago that the military-industrial complex would threaten this country and our world . While we 've been sleeping this is exactly what has been happening.Lord of War takes this fact by focusing on a single man , Yuri , -LRB- played by Nicolas Cage -RRB- who is completely devoid of any moral concerns . For example , in one scene a dictator - a potential buyer - uses one of Yuri 's brand new weapons to kill a nearby dallying soldier . Yuri screams in outrage and the dictator takes pause . How does Yuri dare challenge his absolute power to do as he pleases ? Yuri then explains that he has now used the weapon and must now purchase it . The dictator laughs and Yuri 's character establishes his credibility to both the dictator and to us , the audience . It 's all about the product - the money - and ethical concerns are irrelevant.The last minute of the movie is an earth shattering statement about how the western world - those responsible for keeping peace and security in the world - are a central part of the problem of violence and war in this world . Just like the excellent Three Kings , Lord of War is destined to be a classic satirical statement about our world . While it might now have done well at the box office , it will surely be greatly admired years from now.In any other year Lord of War would be a moderately well made movie . In this season of films over filled with CGI and characters we could care less about , it easily ranks as one the best of 2005 .
 show what actually goes on in the buisness of arms dealers . especially like the fact that are government covered is a % & at all times . kinda of a scary thouight !
 Henry Ford did it ... . Was this man any more of a criminal than him ? I say no . Supplying vehicles to transport men to battle ... is that any less of a crime than selling the weapons the men carry in these transports ? . . Think about it before you label this man as a villain and Henry Ford a &#34; hero &#34; of industry . This is a good movie to illustrate the real criminals in war . The men that supply the &#34; ability &#34; to fight . It is almost a shame that they did n't make the correlation between Henry Ford and this man .
 These days , Nicolas Cage is n't known for being an incredible actor . He 's had a bit of a rough career lately , but watching this movie will remind you why he 's such a big name . He pulls off the role incredibly well , and gives an awesome performance . Lord of War is , quite simply , badass .
 At some point , we 're going to have to come to terms the fact that the party that squeals the loudest about terrorism IS in fact our contribution to world terrorism . There 's an awful lot of wigglin ' and dancin ' trying to cover it up . But the nation is just on the verge of waking up . When it 's awake , what to do about it will be the next big fight .
 I 'm kind of shocked to see poor reviews of this film here at Amazon.com . I think part of the reason some individuals did n't enjoy the film is that they did n't explore the depths of the characters very well ; and this is definitely a character-driven film.Nicholas Cage is perfect at Yuri Olav , a Ukrainian native who 's family moved to America years before . They run a substandard Russian restaurant that serves borscht -LRB- beet soup -RRB- as a staple . Their father has become a devout Jew . And Yuri and his brother Vitaly -LRB- Jared Leto , REQUIEM FOR A DREAM -RRB- help with the restaurant . Then one day , after witnessing a failed assassination attempt , Yuri receives an epiphany
 Many of the reviews of this movie are unusually naive and stupid.My review of this movie is based on a lifetime overseas as the son of an oilman , as a Marine Corps infantry officer , as a clandestine case officer for the Central Intelligence Agency , and as the foremost trainer of governments interested in getting a grip on reality by focusing on open source of information in all languages.This is a first rate movie with some truly extraordinary visuals and some truly extraordinary lines . It is an intelligence movie for intelligent people , and it should certainly give anyone both a couple of hours of enjoyment , and a couple of hours of reflection.Among the highlights :1 -RRB- AK-47 as the real weapon of mass destruction2 -RRB- Africans stripping a plane overnight , literally pulling every piece of it off and making it `` disappear `` 3 -RRB- There is one gun for every 12 people , the arms dealers goal is to arm the other 11 as quickly as possible4 -RRB- The top arms dealers -LRB- `` merchants of death '' -RRB- are the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.I read more than I watch movies , and will end with two comments
 Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- sells international weaponry like he 's selling used cars . If you do n't like the deals from the former Soviet Union 's stockpile of arsenal , you may be interested in a huge lot of discontinued assault rifles . How about unused guns and ammo from the U.S.-led aid to the Bosnian War ? If you stick a gun in his face , he 'll bring the price way down . `` Lord Of War '' is a cynical , yet not heartless and probably accurate portrayal of an American ` secondary market ' international weapons dealer . Yuri globe-trots the world scooping up fantastic deals on abandoned and obsolete weaponry and peddles it off to third world countries where demand for blooldshed is high . His biggest competitor , he likes to joke , is The President of The United States.So you get a heavy dose of good-humored anti-war subtleties , with a highly entertaining movie thrown in for good measure . The first person narrative , sometimes spoken directly into the camera , offers an endless stream of topical one-liners . Some work , and some do n't - `` Buying your first gun is like making love for the first time . You do n't know what you 're doing , but you know you 're having fun . '' - or something to that effect . You eventually come away with a crash course in international arms dealing , that all the Time magazine issues in the world could n't offer , sure to make you a more politically conscious observer . Exposure to the horrific results of weaponry in such an entertaining fashion is harsh , humane and like an unexpected needle from a doctor.Like a confident puppateer above the chaotic gunsmoke of war , Nicolas Cage reveals a believable and likable global arms dealer , who could be the same guy you saw selling a hot car radio in an ally . His scenes selling guns are nerve-bending as he makes bold physical and vocal gestures never riling dangerous warlords , while the slightest nervous tick could set off a slaughter . Bridget Moynahan 's ` trophy wife ' is anything but , an honest and touching portrayal of a rather superficial person coming to terms with her husband 's means to wealth . I loved what she said about her failed careers and her stand against Yuri 's profession , - `` I have been a failed artist and a failed actress . I will not be a failed human being . '' Eamonn Walker as Liberian dictator Andre Baptiste delivers a suave and vicious characterization as a man who will ` test drive ' a new assault rifle by killing someone in the room with it.I went into this film mistakenly thinking it was the upcoming film , `` Jarhead '' . I saw previews for both and confused the titles . A little troubled by my mistake , it was as if someone pointed a gun to my forehead and said , `` watch this film instead . '' I 'm sold . Good deal !
 This is partly in response to the 1 star review . I do n't know what kind of system he is using , but on my 37 inch 1080p LCD display this blu-ray disk looks WAY better than DVD.That said , could it be a better ? Sure it could . But it 's ridiculous to slam this movie for that . The detail is actually amazing in most of the picture . I can see pores of skin , blood vessels in eyes , small grit , and other sharp details throughout.If you want a movie that makes the DVD version look ugly this will fit the bill . If you ca n't tell the difference you need glasses or a new HDTV .
 This movie is a superb look at a man who sells guns for a living to all countries and the bad/good choices he makes in his life.Watching this film gives you a deep insight into how rival countries get the weapons they get . You are taken into a journey into a dark world full of corruption and violence.Pegged in the middle of it is Nicholas Cage 's character , Yuri Orlov . We get to see his 40 year life span as he evolves from a peasant working at the family restaurant to a gun-selling `` maniac '' who becomes deeply obsessed into what he does . We see that as he becomes more induced into this dark , violent world of weapons , we his soul become darker as well . He lies to his wife and betrays the people he sells guns to . Yuri sells his guns to both sides of wars and states that he does n't care who has the guns , it 's that their using them . This is probably one of Nicholas Cage 's finest and trickiest performances.This film feels like Scarface in the sense of a lower-class man starting out with minimal earnings and working his way up in a business most people would shun away from . Ethan Hawke plays a cop who is desperate to put him away . But , Yuri is always one step ahead of him in hiding all of his guns and evidence to prevent Hawke from getting any real evidence out of him.This is a very intelligent script with an intriguing premise that will plug you right into Yiri Orlov 's life and well send you deeper into the corrupt , immoral man he becomes .
 In reading about the Third Reich -LRB- which I 've done quite a bit , even though it 's not the most pleasant subject matter -RRB- , one element I noticed running through many commentaries was that of the banality of evil , referring to the strange tendency of the most ruthless Nazi functionaries to be regular people who went about their jobs the way most of the rest of us do , with little if any thought given to the massive human suffering involved . Sadly , that 's usually the way it is
 Loved this movie ... took my partner to see it as I thought it was another blow-em-up guy flick but it turned out to be a deeper and well thought out movie of the now generation . I was suprised how uncompromising the character was and jeered/cheered him all the way through to the suprising end . Worth a watch and might even get the viewer outside their media washed mind ... or not . We need more movies out there like this . Thought provoking and the guilty pleasure of a hollywood action flick !
 Looking for an action-adventure shoot-em-up that features Nicolas Cage jetting around the world , battling bad guys , and getting the girl ? Then you 'd better find a different movie . Lord of War is as thought-provoking movie as I 've seen in a long time , and I 'm convinced that the critics that savaged it were expecting Cage 's usual fare -LRB- National Treasure , Con Air , etc. -RRB- . I knew this movie would be different before it even started - in the audio setup menu , I saw the Amnesty International logo in the background . I 'm sure Amnesty protects their logo , so I ca n't imagine it being there by chance . Another oddity that you 'll notice right away is that Cage narrates the movie . He 's not teaching , preaching , or anything close - it 's like he 's sitting with you in your living room discussing his life as Yuri Orlov.This was wonderfully written . I 'm sure that the Hollywood rule book stipulates a tale of redemption with clear-cut divisions between good and evil , but apparently the rule book was n't read in this case.Cage was perfectly cast as Orlov . Just the right proportion of dark humor and deadpan delivery will make you believe that the role was made for him . The supporting actors did a great job as well -LRB- Eamonn Walker was fantastic as the Liberian dictator -RRB- . Orlov 's `` trophy wife '' -LRB- played by Bridget Moynahan -RRB- was anything but a trophy - she came across as thoughtful , smart , and tough - not adjectives usually associated with the breed.I highly recommend this movie !
 - REVIEWFor everyone who says their job is rough , whether it 's for being a janitor , pizza delivery man , or being one of the half-wits that worked in cubicles , YOU try working as a free-lancing international arms dealer ! In that profession , one thing 's clear
 Works as a great piece of filmaking on its own merits but has a real message that does n't feel too preachy and really makes you think . So refreshing in a sea of mediocre fils these days .
 An interesting arms story about the neccessity of evil ... for at least capitalism . Nicholas once again takes control of another character piece . The problem is a lot of his eccentric characters feels and looks like each other . Plus , I think he and Morgan Freeman are in some unknown competition of who can narrate the most movies . First it was difficult to suspend disbelief about Nicholas Cage being Ukrainian -- but whatever . I was quite impressed with Eammon Walker -LRB- a dancer turned actor -RRB- - quite a commanding presence . As for the story -- it 's a pretty descent story , however , hard to believe-Yuri was a one man operation . As far as the problem with the arms dealers which this film was so eager to point out , is that there is no solution . None . This film was basically made to tell you to be afraid -- be very afraid . Oh , yeah ... and purchase a gun . Heaven forbids that you be the only sucker walking around who is n't armed .
 Nicolas Cage -LRB- Face/Off , Family Man , upcoming Weather Man -RRB- stars as Yuri Orlov , who is an arms dealer who sells guns to people in other countries ... where their for he gets money . Along the while he has a brother named Vitaly , played nicely by Jared Leto -LRB- Alexander , Requiem For A Dream , Urban Legend -RRB- but here 's the thing , Vitaly has a cocaine problem and tends to bring hooker like women around all the time . Leto helps his brother Cage in the business . Cage falls for once glamour modle Ava Fontaine , played by Bridget Moynahan -LRB- Sum Of All Fears , The Recruit -RRB- , the fall in the love and have a kid named Nicky . Cage buys her nice things , clothes , jewerly in the process . Ethan Hawke -LRB- Assault On Precinct 13 , Tape , Taking Lives -RRB- plays Agent Jack Valentine who will do anything to bring down Cage and him manufactoring guns ... in which case it wont happen because there 's a lot more people around the world who manufactor guns as well . Cage brings life to his performance in Yuri ... terrific as always Cage is ... and I dont think any other actor would be right for the role . In the same vein as Three Kings . One of the best movies of the year ... right up there with Crash and Sin City ... well , that 's just me for ya anyway . Also starring Ian Holm -LRB- Lord OF The Rings Trilogy , Aviator -RRB- .
 `` Lord of War '' is a companion to other recent fictional satires on the amorality of big business `` Fast Food Nation '' and `` Thank You for Smoking '' . Nicholas Cage plays an international arms dealer Yuri Orlov who turns a blind eye to the evil consequences of what he trades in . Cage gives one of this typical sleepy/goofy performances and manages to make a potentially unlikable character somewhat sympathetic.The acting and the look of the film are excellent . The filmmakers have managed to go a long way on a modest budget with South Africa doubling for Liberia , Sierra Leone , and other parts of the world . `` Lord of War '' is an excellent , thought-provoking expozay of international arms dealing and should be commended for raising the visibility of this important issue .
 This by far is one of the BEST movies to come out in the past 10 years . Although the movie house probably made more money selling popcorn than from Lord of War ticket sales , this stands out as an EXTREMELY great and relevant film.Unlike most crap that comes out today , Lord of War actually makes you feel for all of the characters , especially at the end where your left with the sense that Nick Cage 's characther is going through the same emotions you are.Totally loved this movie and now CineMax is playing it almost everyday :-RRB- The extra 's on the 2nd Disc are n't that great , so just pick up the Widescreen Version - You 'll love it : -RRB-
 Commercials made this movie seem a lot more humourous than it is , using the few instances of Yuri talking about arms dealing like he 's a company spokesman , but that has little to do with the overall tone of the movie . Nonetheless it drew me in quickly with it 's unique no-nonsense realism and conversational tone , leading me to think it could be a great film early on , but when it started to jump rather than flow from one thing to another I did n't feel like I was watching a story unfold as much as being given a bunch of puzzle pieces to put together . It has a lot of great parts , many of which are informative about the international arms trade , but it 's pretty impossible to rate it as a whole , because it never really becomes one . It tries to do too much , and the amount of shifts in focus , redirections of viewer attention , ended up leaving me not fully invested in the outcome -LRB- s -RRB- . There 's also a difficulty in suspending disbelief as Nicolas Cage plays the same character over a 10 + year period . Overall though I think this movie is interesting and unique enough to be worth recommending .
 Lord of War sheds light -LRB- as it should do -RRB- on the reality of international arms dealing and its consequences worldwide . More importantly it does a good job of showing who is , more often than not , behind the various plots , schemes , and wars , not to mention how corrupt the world has become.Nicolas Cage and the rest of the cast carry out their performances very well.The major setbacks are in relation to :1 -RRB- The main character 's wife who never asks/does not care what her husband does for a living ... Give me a break ! 2 -RRB- The weak beginning with the retarded father . What was the point?Apart from that , the plot , the setting , and the music are good enough.Though not a masterpiece , it is indeed an interesting film that will provide for an evening 's entertainment .
 It 's a great movie , which clearly sends a message against the dark side of -LRB- illegal -RRB- arms trade . Movie brings out a number of facts that would never have been imagined by an ordinary person .
 Enjoyed this CD.I love Nicolas Cage , he is so COOL ! This CD was funny and entertaining .
 say what ya will , it is another very fascinatingly different movie - always refreshing - never been one like it -LRB- at least recently -RRB- - and as with `` bringing out the dead '' , `` raising arizona '' , `` 8mm '' and all the more populars like `` Moonstruck '' , he does something intriguing and differentin his own special way - i loved it and the soundtrack , altho only score is on CD -LRB- ? - money issue probably -RRB- and a great cast - while i thought wife and brother played weak parts , i liked the uncle best of his whole family - `` the luckiest guy alive '' , the nice ones always get it - huh !? hey , have a watch - worth a buy , if cage fan and 2nd dvd is great if you want some hollywood-documentary stuff about this topic and US -LRB- UN -RRB- Hypocrisy - nothing will ever change when it comes to money , control and power ! so have a dark laugh , about the capitalistic , opportunistic and political hypocrites that play international games for profit , with good ol' Nick ! ` nuff said !
 There is one scene in Lord of War where Nicolas Cage 's character leans over a statue of Lenin counting his profits on a calculator , which symbolically provides a strong notion of how a nation has failed its people . However , the notion should not only be applied to the former Soviet Union , since as the film unfolds it is obvious that the corruption exists in all nations of the world . This suggests that numerous nations in the world have failed their people . Lord of War focuses on the arms dealers and the corruption and deception that trail this spineless profession , as they sell weapons to all of those who can pay regardless of human lives.Empty shells in the millions lay on the ground spread out around Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , which means business is booming for a stone cold arms dealer . Yuri 's expensive suit bears proof in his success dealing in arms trade and that he never gets involved wherever the weapons are sold . Consequently , he provides the audience with staggering facts that there is one firearm per 12 people in the world to which he comments on how he could arm the other eleven.A jump cut brings the viewer to the manufacturing of a bullet from the stage of being a sheet of metal to when it is fired and enters the head of a child . The child who is shot is also firing a machinegun . It is a powerful message displaying the impersonal machinery of making weapons , but it also shows how penetrating personal each bullet is when they hit an intended targets.Through a large amount of voice-over the audience learns the story of Yuri . It is a told in an authentic manner , according to Yuri , as he begins with informing the audience about how he got started selling weapons . It is clear that he began for the same reasons many try to make a better living for themselves while dreaming of a better life . Besides this he tells us about the importance of the environment , and how it affected his choice to go into arms dealing.The story stretches over a 20-year period , as he makes deals with anyone interested in buying weapons . It covers drug lords , warlords , freedom fighters , terrorists , dictators , and nations trying to get their hands on weapons otherwise not accessible . Some of these characters affect Yuri 's life in a negative manner , but he ignores the bad aspects of the business , as he is good at it . Yuri also does not care to whom he sells his weapons , as long as the paycheck comes through . He even informs the audience that he does not make business with Osama Bin Laden , as his checks bounce.It might seem a little morbid , but the film also effectively applies a heavy dose of irony in order to show the two sides of the story . The irony also works well to Yuri 's comments , as he rationalizes why he is in the business of selling firearms . After all , the only true winners of wars are the arms salesmen.Initially , it feels a little frustrating with the large amount of voice-over , however , as the story unfolds the voice-over enhances the authentic atmosphere , as if Yuri really was telling his life story . The camera functions much like an extension to Yuri 's voice-over that helps fill in the details of his dirty job . In addition , the cinematography occasionally augments the visual imagery through excellent scene framing that brings out an artistic side of the dark world of arms deals . The visual aesthetics and powerful issue in the film brings together a genuinely intriguing cinematic experience that keeps the audience thinking while being entertained on a high level .
 2005 seemed to be the year when directors jumped on their soap boxes and said `` Pay Attention to the world ! '' with overtly political movies like Munich , Syriana , Good Night & Good Luck . Lord of War did n't make as much money or garner as much critical acclaim as the other movies on the list , but it was certainly a better movie.Nicholas Cage turns in one of his most nuanced performances since Leaving Las Vegas as a arms dealer who started out selling ammunition to the gangsters in his neighborhood and quickly rose to the international stage with the end of the Cold War . His international dealing in all the war zones from Lebananon to Liberia gives us some of the best camera work this side of Brokeback Mountain . Cage 's dry one liners keep the movie going even as he reveals himself to be a despicable creep -LRB- but with the African death squads that buy his weapons , he is comparitively decent -RRB- who even attracts the moral disgust of other arms dealers represented by Ian Holm who actually have an agenda in their business practices . Cage 's wit in delivering the lines like `` I did n't supply Osama Bin Laden , not out of moral reasons . He was bouncing checks at the time . '' keep you from outright hating him.Jared Leto provides the moral center of the movie as the troubled brother who initially helps Nicholas Cage , but ca n't handle the guilt from being responsible for so many deaths . In another world , this movie would be Jared Leto 's story and he is certainly proving himself up for the task of carrying his own movie . Ethan Hawke spins his wheels as the ATF agent out to nail Cage , but he 's largely in the background.Despite the way the plot apes Goodfellas , you never feel like you are watching a morality tale . Cage is in a much more dangerous business than being a gangster and his choices sustain and doom him.Actually the movie 's opening sequence of the path of the bullet from factory to crates to boxes to boy 's head tells you all you need to know about this movie . It 's fun . It 's witty and ironic , but ultimately it is dealing with some very serious issues and the serious consequences of being alive in a post-Colonial , post-Cold War era in which no side is clear , but the guns are in ready supply .
 Nicolas Cage delivers another smashing performance as Yuri , a gun runner who goes from small time arms dealing to supplying whole armies with instruments of death and destruction.Cage is amazing in Lord of War as always . The genious behind Cage 's acting comes from the fact that though we know his character is the embodiement of evil and that we SHOULD despise him , we dont . Its because of his character 's wit , charisma , and intelligence . Intelligence stemming from the self knowledge that Yuri has ; in knowing and understanding himself and ultimately in realizing he ca n't do a damn thing to change who he is.This is why I loved this movie . It strayed from the Scarface plot formulae that movies like BLOW and other tales of The Rise and Fall of Some Power Hungry Fool stayed true to . In the last 10 minutes of the movie it dove into the realm of Shaymalan , where the unexpected twist took even me by surprise . And by the end of the movie , I saw what Lord of War was truly about . A critique of the way in which our world works , social commentary meets hollywood ala Hotel Rwanda , and an entertaining thrill ride thrown in for kicks .
 recently saw this movie on tv missed some parts of it so i bought it on here . it was priced great and the movie is good too
 good subject matter for those interested in gun running , well put together , reminds me of Blood Diamond with Len DiCaprio
 This is one of my favorites from the past several years . The story moves along steady , even though it is n't an action-packed thriller . The cinematography is excellent , the acting is great and the story is interesting . Nicolas Cage , Jared Leto and Ethan Hawke are excellent in their respective roles . I highly recommend !
 This is one of Nicholas Cage 's best movies ever . If you are going to rent it , I suggest the HD version . The non HD is in widescreen and fills over less than half of your tv screen .
 Excellent product I recommend it 100 % top quality it always guaranteed gacalidad can buy with confidence for this place satisfied with the good product recommended
 This is yet another movie warning us of our current state of affairs in this world of war profiteering . Nicholas cage plays the roll of a War merchant who sells to anyone no matter what side they are on or who they harm . This story is based on a real life arms dealer adn real events occuring now .
 This is what happens when you create a fight , but wo n't accept responsibility for your actions . Nicolas Cage plays a gunrunner who will sell any weapon to anyone-all under the table so that the major arms selling countries like the US have plausible denial when wars begin . This movie works on many levels , as a tale of misbegotten fortune , a political thriller , and action , action , action . Some humor too . Well rounded , reality-based and attracive , this is a super buy .
 Five minutes into `` Lord of War '' I realized that I had seen this film before , except it starred Johnny Depp , and was about cocaine trafficking and was called `` Blow '' . Yeah , there are a lot of similarities between `` Lord of War '' and `` Blow '' , both plot-wise and in the style of the films . `` Lord of War '' tells the story of Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , a Ukrainian-American arms dealer , who brags about having sold guns to every army on Earth except for the Salvation Army . Although Orlov is a fictional character , the script is based on actual events and is so well researched that it is completely believable to the point of being scary . Orlov is a completely immoral character who is unashamed of what he is doing and the idea that people like him could actually exist is genuinely frightening.From an entertainment point of view , `` Lord of War '' is not a fun film . The first half of the film , which details the rise of Yuri Orlov and his arms deals in assorted Eastern European countries is enjoyable enough , but I found the second half , in which Orlov moves into the war-ravaged African countries , to be depressing . The film is redeemed by an ending which I liked very much , but because of the scenes set in Africa , I probably wo n't be watching this film again in a hurry.Nevertheless , Nicolas Cage is excellent in this film . Initially , I felt that he was just playing the same character that he has played in every other film , but Cage 's portrayal of Orlov as a man whose soul has been totally destroyed by his actions , at the end of the film , is still haunting me as I write this . Overall , I preferred `` Lord of War '' to `` Blow '' because , unlike in `` Blow '' , the makers of `` Lord of War '' were n't afraid to show Orlov for who he really is , a soulless man responsible for the deaths of millions .
 The Good Things * Complex , all-encompassing story that 's thrilling and interesting throughout . * Very strong , thought-provoking themes -LRB- especially concerning the moral implications of gun trafficking , the corruptive nature of crime , world governments ' role in worldwide violence , and many other eye-opening topics -RRB- . * Lots of memorable scenes and imagery that reinforce the various themes . Good filming style . * Excellent characters . Nicholas Cage provides both witty humor and bleak moral commentary . * Some parts are exceptionally detailed and realistic ; it is clear that the filmmakers did their research . Good writing . * Good sound and music design.The Bad Things * Some themes really are convoluted , especially regarding the main character . Even though he looses everything , he never really suffers any legal punishment and never learns from his mistakes , and continues to smuggle guns . * Not sure if the film is really politically or socially accurate.I could summarize this as `` Scarface '' with guns instead of drugs , but such a comparison is really too simple . Although Yuri -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- has many of the same traits as Tonny Montanna , he is a very different character , full of wit and wisdom that contrasts with his lack of morality . This film also differentiates itself with vivid settings -LRB- both physical and political -RRB- , a strong filming style , and some very revealing themes . This film portrays many of the problems in developing countries , and explores the issues surrounding them . By the end of it , it leaves you bleakly pondering about the world 's situation . I would definately reccomend to everybody to at least rent this movie .
 The basic plot of the movie is that our hero -LRB- not -RRB- Yuri Orlov rises from an impoverished immigrant childhood to be a colossus of international gun-running . He provides everything from AK-47s to tanks to grenades , and he provides them to anyone with the money to pay.I admire the creators of this picture for having the guts to openly discuss what is clearly a horrible and insane business . Nicholas Cage as Yuri is weirdly detached from the implications of his `` job '' , and Jared Leto as his high-strung and drug-addled younger brother is wonderful as a pained voice of conscience . If I had a brother like this , I think I would become a nun with Mother Theresa 's Missionaries of Charity or something , in a desperate bid to balance out the family karma.The violence of Yuri 's world is no-nonsense , and not for the faint of heart . This movie really made me think .
 Well written , well acted . Lord of War maintains your interest easily.Nicolas Cage plays Yuri Orlov , a first generation immigrant who rises out of poverty and uses his quick wit and glib tongue to become a wealthy arms dealer , selling weapons and munitions to anybody with the cash to buy . Yuri uses his success to buy the girl of his dreams , his beautiful home and his overall -LRB- on the outside , at least -RRB- beautiful life , but he finds out in a hurry that it 's hard to maintain appearances like his , and that life can turn on a dime.The opening sequence is one of the most interesting I 've ever seen in a movie -- and of course , it 's a hit on YouTube . The score is great as well.Great movie all the way around .
 The world is a dangerous place . It always has been , it always will be . Even here , in the west , with all our so called civilization and culture , it 's still unsafe to walk the streets.Take any major city , even my hometown of Calgary . There is crime . Petty crime , white collar crime , so called ` victimless ' crime , and of course , the daddy of them all - violent crime.Canada prides itself in being low on the totem pole of violent crime involving firearms . But the fact remains thus - no matter where you are , there will always be a need for guns . The criminals will always be able to get guns , no matter what the police and the government tries do to about it.In the states , and correct me if I 'm wrong , but it 's been said that there are more gun-shops than there are McDonalds.The same ca n't be said about Canada . We 've got strict rules governing weapons here in Canada . You have to apply for a F.A.C. or Firearms Acquisition Certificate . This involves a background check and other safety measures.You even have to proof you have successfully completed a firearms safety training course or test , or have been certified as competent to use a firearm.Pretty amazing , is n't it ? What 's even more amazing is , despite these strict rules , what kinds of weapons can be brought into the country . I recall reading the Calgary Sun earlier this week and looking at the picture of the weapons seized . There was an assault rifle with a GRENADE LAUNCHER!A Grenade Launcher!It 's pretty damn clear that even in Canada , if you want a weapon , you can get it . And yetIf you 're willing to pay the fees.You can get your weapons from the criminal element , or from Gunrunners.I guess you could almost take Lord of War to be a biography , a life story of one particular Gun runner named Yuri Orlov , a Ukrainian Immigrant to the states.He started out his career as most criminals do . He started small . But as time passed and he gained experience , he went from being a small time runner to one who had ties in very high places , and buyers world-wide . Although like a drug dealer , he followed a simple rule . Do n't use what you sell . It served him well . Keep yourself separated from your clients . Do n't get involved except to seal the deal.Can you , however , stay neutral ? Can you deal in weapons of death and destruction without feeling the ramifications , one way or another?Can you ever get out ? Can you have a chance at ever going legit?And , the biggest question . Can you deal with the consequences of your actions ? Can you sew what you 've reaped , even if you 've tried to stay at arms length?Lord of War does n't glorify Gun-runners . It does n't show it as a glamorous lifestyle , even if the money is good.It shows you what they deal in , and what it 's used for . One man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist . A Hero to the people on one side , a practitioner of genocide to another.This movie is n't sugar coated , nor does it shy away from violence.As per usual , Nicholas Cage does a fine job of portraying a smart and resourceful criminal . And let 's not forget that , he is a criminal in this movie.One last note ... as with anything , we here in North America should never take for granted what we have . Sure , there is crime , there is hunger and homelessness , but when you consider what it 's like in other countries , especially the Middle East and Africa , and even parts of Europe and Asia , we 've got it lucky.After all , we could live in these countries where ` Lords of War ' earn their daily bread .4 out of 5
 Andrew Niccol 's account of International arms dealing never fails to entertain , but , alas , does n't hit the homerun . I have been a big fan of Niccol 's previous forays in paranoia . `` The Truman Show '' and `` Gattaca '' are masterpieces . Heck , I even liked `` S.I.M.O.N.E '' . Despite some bullseyes Niccol does n't seem to focus his arguments here , therefore , he ca n't ratchet the sufficient outrage against the death merchants in our midst . What redeems the film is Nicolas Cage 's charasmatic turn as Yuri who enters into arms dealing as a lark and dicovers he 's just so damned good at it . A great scene in the film is where Yuri is stuck in an African village with a planeload of munnitions . With Interpol on his tail he proceeds to empty out the contents of the plane by giving it away to the natives . Not bad , but could have better .
 Glad to see there 's a lot -LRB- 185 -RRB- reviews with a over-all 4 star rating because I seriously thought this was the most over-looked films of the last decade . It has a lot to say about the state of affairs of today . Do n't miss it . If you did n't like it , watch it again and think about it being a true story.Run for cover .
 So much better than Tom Cruise & War of the Worlds !! A very eye-opening movie to those naive to the world today ! -LRB- not that i am ! -RRB-
 There are already dozens of cogent reviews about this film here so I am not going to add another one . I just wanted to say that I just saw the tail end of a clip on The Daily Show -LRB- 9/14/2007 -RRB- where Jon Stewart was discussing with a guest a person that the government is using to gain knowledge that actually sells leftover Russian weapons from the Cold War in the black market . Why do n't they arrest him ? I did n't catch that . Something about how he is protected from all sides and that he is a valuable resource . I missed the name of the person and most of the discussion . If anyone else saw it please respond with more info . And to those of you who think that there is no value in The Daily Show , I would like to say that I 'm sure it is a relevant and intriguing story that I wo n't be able to find on CNN or Fox . And I am a news junkie who likes to flip through the news and get the perspectives of all the networks .
 This movie is ok . I like Nicholas Cage and he made the movie for me , but I can see why it was n't a box office smash !
 I loved this movie so I had to buy it . It was thought provoking but satirical as well . It shed light on the arms business -LRB- US gov ' t being the biggest arms dealer -RRB- but it wasnt too heavy which could have made it boring . I am a huge fan of Nicolas Cage , he is so intriguing that it 's hard to keep your eyes off of him . Jared Leto is another fav of mine and he did amazing in the film as well . If I had to compare this movie to something it would be Fahrenheit 9/11 because it brought issues to the table in a comedic way , which made it entertaining to watch . I highly recommend this film !!!
 After reading one too many negative comments regarding the film Lord of War here at Amazon , I felt compelled to write and defend it . Yes , it 's probably not a movie most teenagers would want to sit through , but it 's not targeted toward that market . My wife and I watched Lord of War last night and thought it was engaging , riveting , well acted , entertaining and far from boring . I believe it is one of Nic Cage 's better movies , and this is from a guy who does n't like all Nic Cage films . I wo n't rehash the plot ; simply scroll to the next review if you 're curious . To those of you considering a rental or even a purchase , I say go for it , you will not be disappointed . I did purchase this movie , have n't regretted it for one second and am proud to have added it to my growing DVD library .
 whoever has negative things to say about this movie i really ca n't understand it . The story is original and captivating , the acting is above average , there is plenty of action and suspense , and it is not predictable at all . Overall this is a must-see movie for anyone i think . Again , one of the better movies you will see in a while .
 Nick Cage did well in this one . Good action , shows how guns get around .
 A interesting ficticious insight into a serious topic , the spread of weapons . Humerous and great character portrayal by Nicolas Cage .
 I checked to see if this film which I rented from Netflix in HD DVD was available on Amazon in that format and it is n't . Too bad because this film is one of Nick Cage 's better efforts . Produced by him as well , Cage has a great role as an Russian-American who discovers the way to wealth is thru selling arms . Of course he does n't figure the enormous cost it will eventually lead him to but that 's one of the intriguing outcomes of this absorbing film . The narrative is done in the style of Scorsese 's `` Goodfellows '' and is effective plus the supporting cast -LRB- Jared Leto , Ian Holm , Bridget Monihan -RRB- is excellent . Anyway the transfer I saw in HD is excellent and I figure the same goes for the Blu-ray version of this film . Recommended for Cage enthusiasts !!
 `` Lord of War '' follows the story of a young immigrant who becomes a dealer in a shady business , rises to the top and eventually faces tragedy and loss . Sound Familiar?Comparisons to `` Scarface , '' in which a Cuban immigrant gains prominence as a drug lord , are not far off the mark . `` Traffic '' is another obvious influence . `` Lord of War '' also takes us deep into a business where money takes precedence over morals.Nicolas Cage is Yuri Orlov , a Ukrainian immigrant raised in Brooklyn . After witnessing a shooting , he decides that guns are his calling . With help from his troubled brother , Vitaly -LRB- excellently played by Jared Leto -RRB- , he eventually surpasses international arms dealers who shrugged him off as an `` amateur '' only years before . He puts it best when he says , `` I sold to every army but the Salvation Army . `` Cage 's performance is great and drives home the fact that Yuri is just a man doing his job , and what his buyers do with his product is none of his business . He 's collected and professional on the outside , but it seems that he knows what he 's doing is immoral . He basically ignores that thought and continues fulfilling his purpose , although he witness events that can only occur because of people like him , such as village massacres in Africa and the use of child soldiers -LRB- since an AK-47 is so easy to use that a child can handle it -RRB- . Cage portrays a man who enjoys what he does , even if he is full of inner turbulence because of his occupation . He grows weary by the end of the 20 year period in which the movie is set , yet he 's come too far to stop . Pleas from his trophy wife , Ava -LRB- Bridget Maynahan -RRB- , and Vitaly do no good in the long run . Yuri becomes a lost cause , and an arrogant one at that . It 's necessary to go into such detail about Yuri , since he 's such a complex and charismatic character who carries the film along much of the time.The movie is rather dark , with humor that may cause a nervous chuckle instead of uncontrollable laugher . It 's more of a satire than a comedy , as some people seem to label it . Rebellions are seen as business opportunities while peace agreements are viewed as obstacles . Yuri cheers and kisses Mikhail Gorbachev 's head on his television at the fall of the Berlin Wall , which opened the floodgates in the Third World black arms market . Interpol officer Jack Valentine -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- catches Yuri transporting his merchandise several times , but no one is arrested because of a loophole , technicality or obvious cover up . The U.S. president is called the biggest arms dealer of them all and potshots are taken at democracy . This list goes on . `` Lord of War '' paints a bleak and cynical view of the world . Yuri sums up the theme of the movie when he says , `` They say evil prevails when good men fail to act . What they ought to say is that evil prevails . `` There are times when the movie falters . It takes awhile to really get going and sometimes the characters seem a little too upbeat , given their circumstances . Despite any minor shortcomings , the movie is still intriguing , entertaining , thought-provoking , moving , and borderline brilliant at times . The strong performances and plot , plus a unique style , make `` Lord of War '' one of the better movies of 2005 . Highly recommended .
 This is a phenominal movie . I am a huge Cage fan so I picked it up without having seen the film before . I was very happy with it . Unfortunately it is JUST the movie on this disk and it is remeniscient of the early days of DVD where you only got the movie , then later you would be prompted to buy the special edition with special features . It would have been nice to have had some special features on this disk , it really could have been an interesting bit of extra.Overall , a great purchase , especially if you do n't care about special features .
 I caught this movie on a flight over the areas depicted in Lord Of War . I had only paid scant attention to it when it came out because I thought it was a subject I had no interest in . Well , this movie has you caught by the throat from the opening titles and you are so sad to see the thing end!Since everyone else has synopsized the story , I 'll just dwell on the fascinating little things such as Orlov 's immunity to prosecution when he 's finally caught and why . I 'll let you see the movie to find out . I 'm sorry the fate of the cargo plane was disclosed , because it was funny and pretty incredible . I likened it to ants finding a grasshopper 's corpse.I had never seen Jared Leto in a movie before but now I 'm seeing him all over the place . Looking like a modern day Jeffrey Hunter he 's so incredibly handsome , I would describe him as the next and young Brad Pitt . He did an outstanding job as Uri 's duped brother haunted by conscience , something Uri just ca n't figure out.Excellent movie all around , fast paced , never boring . If it had only been marketed differently I 'd have paid to see it several times .
 The world will be inherited by gunrunners ... everyone else is too busy killing each other.One of the many messages Lord of War tries to get across.Not a family movie by any means , but worth checking out because of the conflicts around the world the movie touches on - particularly in wortorn and utterly ravaged Africa .
 I liked this on the whole ; when the script is good and the director wrote it , things often turn out well . LOW tries to be balanced and not too preachy ; the rationalizations actually make some sense . The film downplays the political connections more than is likely true , though , I 'd guess -LRB- destabilization of third world countries is one of the CIA 's favorite tactics , as revealed by many ex-agents in many books , as is the Agency 's drug-dealing as a method of both `` insurgent '' funding and arms trading , as revealed in the Iran/Contra hearings -RRB- . My main qualm is with Cage , who somehow always seems to invest his characters with less brains and savvy than they deserve . It worked great in Raising Arizona but is wearing thin since then . He 's kind of like the unthinking man 's James Caan . Cage comes so close sometimes , but I just ca n't buy him all the way . Here he is solid but never transcends and takes this movie to the next level.Leto is good , as are most of the bit players , especially some of the Africans , who have more presence than some of the stars.LOW does get pretty violent . The violence rarely seems gratuitous , though , so its point gets made.Worth seeing .
 This movie surfaces the subject of illegal arms dealing . Yuri Orlov , played brilliantly by Nicolas Cage , finds his one true talent and with the assistance of his brother he sets out to purchase and sell weapons of all sorts.From the depth of Ukraine immigrant status , Yuri Orlov reaches the top of his trade , supplying weapons to anyone and everyone interested in making a deal.The movie is simply amazing . The cynicism of the dialogue leaves us pondering on , as Mr. Orlov says , the fact that a decent , honest job is done by too many people , with very thin margins , and yet , there are large fortunes to be made selling every kind of weapons he can get his amoral hands on.Since childhood , Mr. Orlov has been in love with a beautiful model and wherever he travels , as he sees the tabloids displaying her image , he focuses in someday possessing this `` trophy wife '' played by Bridget Moynahan.At first , she is unaware of what he does for a living , and he convinces her that he is a millionaire in his own right , even though he has rented the plane he uses to take her away from a hotel where he had lured her under the disguise of photo opportunity.Orlov 's brother , played by Jared Leto , helps him to achieve his goals , but he is disturbed about the consequences of the trade they are in . As he sees countless victims die under the fire of the very weapons they sell , he finds refuge in his cocaine drug addiction , to mask the fact that he is an accomplice.Yuri 's cynicism is brilliantly played by Nicholas Cage , as he traffics in the death of thousands , the way other salesman might push vitamins or something good for humanity.Some of the very cynical statements are left for the audience to ponder on the fact that `` automobiles , alcohol and tobacco kill more people than weapons of all sorts . `` Yuri Orlov travels all over the world , visiting a ruthless Liberian dictator , played by Eamonn Walker , who acquires weapons to eliminate any citizen who opposes his oppressive regime . The son is riveted in obtaining Rambo 's weapon and even this , Yuri Orlov is able to acquire for him.In the end ... when Yuri is put in jail , as he discusses his life with the man who has been after him throughout the film , he says ... `` My parents disowned me , my wife and child have left me ... members of my family are dead ... yes ... I understand my situation . '' The reply is priceless ... for the persecutor says ... `` I would send you to hell , but you already live there ! `` While incredible dark humor is at play with this movie , I would highly recommend this film , for it surfaces the dangers of the arms race , and the high price we pay as nations continue to build arsenals of destruction .
 wow what an eye opener ... i do n't believe much ; but this ... got me thinking ... very well done !
 The film was perfectly cast , has a great cast and is entertaining from start to finish . Nicholas Cage was perfect for the starring role as a thoroughly amoral arms dealer ; and Ian Holm was his equal in his performance and in his portrayal of someone with Grade Z ethics.Although the plot is completely different , I link Lord of War with the equally great A History of Violence . Both of these are light years ahead of almost everything made just a few years earlier . My hat 's off to all of those involved in producing such films.Just be warned . These films are not sugar-coated and some may find Lord of War a bit too intense .
 I like this movie and thought it was definitely better on Blue Ray . Also wanted to counter the 1 star review .
 This was a very pleasant surprise , far better than I had ever hoped , filled with fabulous cinematography and riveting story about the life of arms dealer during the 1980s and '90s . . Those who appreciate an interesting story and great visuals will like this one.Nicholas Cage was terrific as the lead character , `` Yuri Orlov . '' I loved his narration , too . How much of what he said is true , I have no idea , but it 's fascinating stuff.I felt those visuals , combined with the outstanding acting and always-interesting story made this a good film . It also proved you do n't need action every two minutes to keep a film involving for the audience . This has just the right amount of drama , suspense , action , romance and , yes , even humor.I do have to warn some that the message is a pessimistic one
 Cage is one of those actors you either love or hate . In this he does a pretty good job in convincing you to think positive about him . He does a great job playing the arms smuggler during the early 90s rising to power largely due to his connections back in his home country the Ukraine and a ruthless streak to not care who the guns are sold to.Some may say this film is too over political and moralistic I would say not . It simply describes how arms smugglers get so rich off the misery of others . Most people I am sure know well about the illegal diamond trade that took place during some of the most bloody conflicts in West Africa and the Westerners -LRB- and Lebanese for that matter -RRB- who profited from it . The mercenaries who were former members of the apartheid South African army hired and paid in diamonds to fight dirty wars in Africa for tin pot dictators.The film begins with Cages life in a poor area of New York . Faking a Jewish identity to escape from communist Russia his family make a modest living but Cage seeking a way out makes a few connections and gets himself into the arms trade . Soon the Soviet Union collapses and he reacquaints himself with an old relative who just happens to be high up in the old army and business goes from there.Soon he becomes one of the major shipper of illegal arms to Liberia profiting on the misery of years of conflict.This is a great film to watch , its not too heavy on the politics and has enough little sub plots to keep you occupied.Great film recommended .
 I thought this was a very good film . Well written filmed cast and acted . Very dark humor . I myself would have used Lawyers Guns and Money by Warren Zevon and Knockin ' On Heavens Door , Bob Dylan on the sound track .
 Perhaps my five-star rating for Nicolas Cage 's `` Lord of War '' has to do with exceeding expectations . I have n't been a big fan of much of Cage 's recent action-hero work , and I did n't have high hopes for this latest effort . What could the same guy who has lately focused on dreck like `` National Treasure , '' `` Gone in 60 Seconds , '' and `` Windtalkers '' have to say about the world of gun trafficking.Fortunately , Cage has a heck of a lot to say about it , and it 's obvious that he 's pretty steamed . Using an intelligent , informed , and sarcastic tone reminiscent of David O. Russell 's `` Three Kings , '' `` Lord of War '' dives into the cynical , mercenary world of international gun trafficking.From a bravura opening credit sequence that follows a bullet through the manufacturing process to shipping to the brain of a young African combatant , `` Lord of War '' makes no bones about its dark subject matter . Indeed , `` Lord of War '' has been criticized for being a heavy-handed film . That may be true , but many great movies hit hard . Why should a movie about gun-running be any different?Cage stars as Yuri Orlov , a Ukranian emigrant whose family lives in anonymous mediocrity in `` Little Odessa , '' the Ukranian enclave near Queens in the early 1980s . Witness to a Russian mob hit job , Orlov has an epiphany when he sees the hundreds of bullet casings left on the floor by the assassins ' weapons -- why ca n't I sell these things?The major point this movie makes is that for all the headlines grabbed by nuclear weapons and arms treaties , `` the real weapon of mass destruction '' is the AK-47 and similar small arms . These weapons are more prevalent in and responsible for the cesspools of the world -LRB- such as Liberia under Baptiste , a locale that the movie somewhat revels in -RRB- than any nuclear warhead.Using a gift for business and family connections -LRB- an uncle is a military hero and high-ranking officer in the Soviet army -RRB- , Orlov starts from nothing and becomes one of the world 's leading arms dealers . The 1990s were a dream opportunity for the ambitious arms dealer , as the collapsed Soviet Union had billions in military hardware sitting around , but nobody was minding the store . And war in the Balkans and especially Africa made sure there were hot markets everywhere . Soon , Orlov has it all - millions of dollars , a trophy wife -LRB- Bridget Moynahan -RRB- , and one of those Manahattan apartments that reek of success . `` Lord of War '' follows a somewhat conventional rags-to-riches-to-loss-of-soul plotline , but there are many twists along the way . Sure , there are some developments you can see coming -LRB- one shot lingers way too long on a vehicle , giving you a clue that it 's going to blow up in a couple of seconds ... which it does -RRB- , and let 's just concede that Nicolas Cage and Jared Leto do not look like siblings.But let 's not deny that `` Lord of War '' has some original , intelligent moments . Yuri is a brilliant businessman and criminal , and can think on his feet . He switches the identity of a cargo ship as Interpol agents -LRB- led by an earnest Ethan Hawke -RRB- swoop in , and he disposes of an entire planeload of small arms in Africa just before Hawke shows up again . This scene is followed by a masterpiece , as an entire cargo plane gets dismantled by local scavengers in less than 24 hours . `` Lord of War '' looks and feels authentic , and that authenticity leaves a cold pit in your stomach long after its cynical and surprising ending.If nothing else , Cage 's effort in `` Lord of War '' has reminded me that he has been in so many lower-profile gems , such as `` Adaptation , '' `` Bringing Out the Dead , '' and of course , `` Leaving Las Vegas . '' George Clooney once said that he got involved with the atrocious `` Batman '' franchise -LRB- atrocious before `` Batman Begins '' came along , that is -RRB- because if he made a big blockbuster , the studios would let him make `` little movies '' like `` O Brother , Where Art Thou '' and `` Syriana . '' I guess that excuses Cage 's involvement in `` Gone in 60 Seconds . '' A little .
 This movie is in many ways a first of its kind , and in many ways it is n't . Lord of War deals with gunrunning , something I 've never seen in movies to this scale . For that , I have to give this movie one extra star . But at the same time , this movie has a lot of similarities to Blow , by forcing us to cheer for the bad guy who is doing nothing but contributing to the destruction of the world . Only instead of cocaine , the Lord of War deals in AK-47s . This movie follows the story of Yuri Orlov as he first discovers the profits to be gained in dealing in black-market weapons , and then as he learns the dangers of continuing in the trade . Though surely an intelligent man , he 's also one-sighted ; all he cares about is how and who to sell his weapons to , or how to gain more weapons at cheap prices . Hell , the day his son first walks is also the day the Cold War officially ends . Do you think he 'd be excited about the first steps of his son ? Nope , he cares about the massive surplus of Russian weapons left behind because of the ending of the Cold War . Despite all that , he 's able to avoid Interpol for years on end , and gets himself involved with one of the most legendary and evil dictators in history , Andre Baptiste.This is a movie of screwed up moral issues . Yuri gets into your head during this movie , and we believe that , though he wants war , he does n't want death . If he had it his way , he would wish for all the weapons he sold to `` miss '' there target . And he 's just such a lovable character . He risks his life daily for what he believes , no matter how off-base those beliefs are , and wants nothing more than to continue supporting his family . He 's obviously intelligent . And he 's funny , in a morbid sort of way.In the end , though , this is a movie of acquired tastes . If you have no interest in guns -LRB- like me -RRB- , or do not wish to glorify them , then this obviously is n't the movie for you . But if you have a high tolerance for things such as this , then get Lord of War . It 's a good movie with a style all its own , and one based off of true events .
 What I liked in `` Lord of War '' is that it 's rather ambiguous . I do n't know whether to feel for Cage 's character or resent him . Anyway the movie leaves an uneasy feeling after itself which seemed a bit strange and not usual for a relatively big-budget , major hollywood film . You ca n't even tell if it has a happy ending or not . `` Lord of War '' is totally truthful , maybe some things were slightly exaggerated , but in general I think noone will have doubts that all shown in film is exactly the way it is in real life . Being myself from Russia I can tell all the parts about selling Russian and Ukranian arms are true , after the Soviet Union fell to pieces there were immense amounts of tanks , cannons , different weapons and ammunition stolen and sold nobody knows where to . Well , not only 15 years ago - there are lots of weapons being stolen and sold nowdays in Russia . In every country that 's at war -LRB- and Russia now is at war with Chechnia -RRB- there are many possibilities to earn money selling guns.The only thing that was not truthful in the film is HOW Russia and its people were shown . It just made me laugh , I recalled old American movies of a cold-war period that depicted Russians in a very funny way . Actually noone talks like that and behaves like that . But if you 've never been here I think it looks just fine . I 've never been to Africa , and African scenes looked fine to me although now I think they might also have some flaws.Generally speaking `` Lord of War '' is about choices we make , and it demonstrates vividly how these choices affect our lives on business and personal level . About acting I have to say Nicolas Cage is doing his usual work , nothing extraordinary , Jared Leto - the same story . But I was blown away by Ethan Hawke - he 's totally believable , seems like he 's a real interpol agent put on screen.I think it 's difficult not to like this movie - it 's too serious , thought-provoking and powerful . Definately worth a look .
 Lord Of War is by far one of the best movies released in 2005 . Nicholas Cage & Ethan Hawk gave stellar performances and the story was very unique . The movie is full of soliliquies reminiscent of `` 25th Hour '' or `` Rounders . '' The special effects are great and the introduction to the movie is very original . This movie is well worth watching and is based on a true story so give it a try .
 Yuri Orlov -LRB- well played by Nicolas Cage -RRB- , Ukrainian immigrant kid in Brooklyn in the early ` 80s , casting about for a career , witnesses an assassination attempt on a local mafioso and thinks
 First , let me say that I loved this film . I loved it despite the underlying message about how evil the arms industry supposedly is . This was an anti-gun movie in the same way that ` Full Metal Jacket ' is an anti-war movie . It did n't broaden my social awareness as much as it made me want to begin trading in illegal weapons . As one witnesses the character 's inevitable , ` Goodfellas ' - style downfall , one is n't concerned with his illegal profession so much as how he could have done his job better and come out ahead if only he did n't degenerate into such a womanizing , drug abusing lowlife , whose conscience only seems to surface when he 's coked out of his mind.This movie is a thrilling look at the profession of gun running , and I highly recommend it . In fact , for those interested in running guns themselves , it might be looked upon as a recruiting film . I recommend not buying the 2-disc edition however . The second disc is just more preaching from Hollywood , Amnesty International , and UN representatives who take pot-shots at America and believe that taking weapons off the market will suddenly make evil people play nice .
 One of the Best movies I have seen in a long time .
 brillant exellent so good.The man Nicolas he is first person army , everytime best actor
 Lord of War plays like a documentary , but a fascinating one . It tells the story of the rise of the international arms trade and the horrors it brings to the world . Gun runner , Yuri Orlov -LRB- masterfully played by Nicolas Cage -RRB- , narrates the film , which follows his dangerous career through riches to loss of soul . The film 's clincher is the revelation that individual arms dealers are a tiny part of the trade
 Great Movie , Best Nick Cage Movie to date in my opnion . Looks great in High Def as well . Must Watch
 I recently watched this on cable , so I will not be addressing any DVD features , although with two discs , multiple commentaries , a documentary and more , thisseems the one to get.By most accounts based on real-life Soviet gunrunner Viktor Bout -LRB- currently in U.S. custody -RRB- , Lord of War made twice as much money overseas as it did in America . Certainly , I had never heard of it . With an R rating and plenty of graphic violence not to mention drug use , this is definitely a film for mature audiences.Having said all that , I think this is an excellent film . Unlike many recent examples of Nic Cage pulling down a paycheck , he is both less likable and more believable here . While simultaneously glorifying and dehumanizing Cage 's Yuri Orlov , director Andrew Niccol presents a reality where a long line of willing successors is ready to take his place . The world needs guns like it does food or water.This is n't another Bruckheimer/Bay pyrotechnics orgy . While explosions have not been completely excised , Lord of War is actually closer to Oscar-darling Blood Diamond , released over a year later . The latter cost twice as much to make . To be fair , it also earned more than twice as much in revenue.I am not always a proponent of voiceovers , but at least it is consistent in timbre and frequency here . Bridget Moynahan is stunning , Jared Leto is very good as the black sheep brother , however I feel the Interpol agent could have been played by someone with less star power than Ethan Hawke , who for some reason was channeling Peter Berg.The film 's opening -LRB- the life cycle of a round of ammunition -RRB- sets the tone . My other favorite scene is the stripped Antonov An-12 . -LRB- No spoilers here ; see -- and enjoy -- for yourself . -RRB- NOTE : Director Andrew Niccol was said to have purchased real AK-47s for filming because they were cheaper than prop guns . That may be so , at least in the former Eastern Bloc Czech Republic where filming took place , but Niccol is laboring under the misconception that reducing access to firearms will reduce crime in the real world . -LRB- As if criminals followed all the rules ! -RRB- In fact , the opposite is true . American cities like Chicago and Washington , D.C. have historically had much higher incidence of violent crime while also having the highest barriers to individual gun ownership . `` I hope the United States takes note that the murder rate is lower where gun availability is lower . '' -LSB- Article link in Comments section below . -RSB-
 One of the most under-rated movies I 've seen in years . Nick Cage is superb , and the tongue-in-cheek humor is truly hilarious while simultaneously striking a chord with reality . This is hands down great work . Great film .
 This is a very powerful an emotional moving movie about the international arms trade.It shows the raw reality that there will always be war and the political and morally bankrupt world we live in.Very well made movie !
 ` Lord of War ' is a jet-black satire that follows the rise and rise of Yuri -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , a Ukranian-American who eventually becomes one of the world 's leading arms dealers . In cynical fashion , Yuri narrates his life story , demonstrating how he succeeded in the arms trade through a combination of ruthless ambition and complete indifference to the motives of his clients . We follow his relationships with his drug-addicted brother Vitaly and his model wife Ava , his cosying up to a brutal African dictator , and his pursuit by incorruptible Interpol agent Jack Valentine -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- . This is certainly one black comedy . Warfare and arms dealing are hardly light-hearted subjects , but the film is able to find humour in the darkest situations . Cage 's droll , cynical narration and a tight , fast-paced script succeed in portraying the often absurd nature of global politics and international trade . The satirical nature of the film is balanced out by more serious scenes portraying the pointless violence and brutality in West Africa , particularly during the second half of the film . Think ` Blood Diamond ' crossed with ` Thank You For Smoking ' and you 'll get some idea of the tone of ` Lord Of War ' . The characterisation is a bit of a mixed bag , but the cast do a good job in their roles . Nicolas Cage has done this stream-of-consciousness navel gazing many times before -LRB- ` Bringing Out The Dead ' , ` Adaptation ' , ` Weather Man ' -RRB- so if you liked him in any of those films you 'll appreciate his performance here . Ethan Hawke gets the balance perfect as the incorruptible Valentine , making him principled without being nave . I also really liked the character of Weisz , the supposedly `` principled '' arms dealer who only sells to those whose cause he supports . But Jared Leto and Bridget Moynahan are saddled with mediocre characters . Vitaly serves no real purpose at all except to be `` messed up '' and cause trouble for Yuri . And Ava is n't particularly sympathetic despite her plight ; she seemed perfectly happy to play the doormat trophy wife and live off the back of Yuri 's ill-gotten gains , only to come over all moral and principled late in the film.While I personally quite liked the film , I do have a couple of problems with it : Firstly , there is no real development of Yuri 's character at all , despite everything that happens to him in the film . For something that 's supposed to be a character study , it 's frustrating that there 's not even a hint of either redemption or come-uppance . Secondly , there is a fair amount of predictable Hollywood moralising , such as equating the Florida recount -LRB- have they still not gotten over that yet ? -RRB- with brutal African dictatorships , plus the inevitable claim that it 's the US and its allies who are really the bad guys . Undoubtedly there 's some truth here , but the heavy-handed nature of the preaching feels clunky and forced given the satirical nature of the rest of the film.These drawbacks prevent ` Lord of War ' from being a truly great film , but it is still a very good one . Highly recommended for those who love their humour dark and have a healthy cynicism about world affairs . Four stars .
 Upon my son 's recommendation I watched Lord of War . I had never heard of the movie so I was a little skeptical . I found the movie extremely well done and enjoyed it . As disturbing as the portrayal of the arms business was , I was even more captivated by the fact that what was in the movie seemed that it could be very reflective of real life . I would recommend the movie .
 Andrew Niccol directs Nic Cage as weapons of mass destruction salesman Yuri Orlov who sells ordinance like the medieval church sold indulgences ; spare us your morality , please , for church and Yuri , it 's only about money.Very dark humor pervades this shocking story of the personal and professional life of a Ukranian man who is in the business of supplying weapons to any country or rebel that can afford them . For a while his beautiful wife -LRB- Bridget Moynahan -RRB- is clueless and his drug-addled little brother is a poor choice as a partner . Amoral and frightening , this glimpse of the black-market gun trade is only bearable by the slight peek of Yuri as a human being and not the monster he has almost completely become . This is one of Cage 's better roles . Cage seems to understands how the relentless drive for success can kill the last vestiges of a lost humanity .
 I thought this movie was well directed and well made . Although , it may not appeal to every audience because this film is paced as a documentary of Cage 's character so there is plenty of dialogue and it may become rather boring due to the lack of action sequences . But the performance and depth of the casts truly makes up for it .
 Loved the movie so much I paid full price on Amazon . I love this movie for it 's realistic and believable look at the irony of weapons dealing . It also points out the hypocrisy of certain democratic African countries . Also showed the hypocrisy of the USA that looks down on those countries . Also shows us there good people can do evil things when they have to .
 This was more of a disturbing eye opener than an enjoyable movie for pure entertainment 's sake . However , it makes a valid point , which may have been Hollywood 's goal . The power of greed and the futility and brutal price of war . I would have liked a more hopeful ending , but perhaps the intent was a realistic lesson in political unrest and the hands that feed them weapons of ` mass destruction ' . Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 Director/writer Andrew Niccol makes films with layers of meaning , the kind that find us laughing at inappropriate moments because contemporary life is like that
 There are a plethora of reviews of the movie , but my review is mostly a comparison of the BD vs the HDTV broadcast version . I wo n't discuss its merits as movie.Its clear BD offers more than 1080i or 720p , and it shows if you want the best video and audio visible on a big screen TV.Video is noticeably sharper and the sound , particularly the explosions and other arms fire , pop out and are more distinct in BD . There is far more dynamic range and channel separation . Its very difficult to describe a visual , but the colors are noticeably more vibrant and the edges of images a touch sharper than even 1080i . For example , the opening scene of LOW shows the manufacture of bullets . In the DVD version , a viewer did n't notice it was all CGI . In 720p is looks CGI , in BD , its very noticeably CGI . So what looks like a great ` realistic ' effect now becomes a cartoon like opening sequence.The BD I received was made in 2006 or 07 ; it was one of the first BD releases . It has no extras , just the movie . Of interest , it had so many ` theft protection ' stickers and do-dads it was entertaining just to open the box .
 i watched this movie to kill time , thinking it was a shoot 'em up hollywood flick . instead , this is an original idea , disturbing , satirical , and very well done plot that sticks to you the day after you see it . the trophy wife who happily mooches off her millionaire husband , and then pulls the morality gig is a classic . where were her questions about her husband 's -LRB- nicholas cage -RRB- line of work during the years when she spent his money ? the lame good for nothing brother who is hooked on cocaine , only to clean up , find a girlfriend , and get ready to buy a business ... but , where to get the money ? oh yes , a little bit of gunrunning , as long as it is ethical , clean , and moral should do it , until he sees people hacked to death and ready to be slaughtered . then , the morality comes on , and manifests itself in a classic `` i 'll just blow it all up '' outburst . this one is a must see for all those folks jaded by the recent usual hollywood fare .
 B. Merritt already wrote an excellent review on the story , so I 'm not gon na go into that . Instead , I 'm going to touch the fact that this movie , sadly , lost all of its bonus content during the transition from DVD to Blu-ray . Granted , the bonus content was n't exactly mind-blowing either , but the clips of the cast and crew talking about this production were still very nice . Since this is actually my favorite movie , and considering the massive space that a Blu-ray disc has , I assumed that along with the improved HD video and audio quality , there might be more extra material . Unfortunately , not only is there no such added content , but the bonus content found in the DVD version of the film , has all been completely removed . All of it . 100 % gone.Instead , the only '' bonus '' content is a trailer of a few Lionsgate movies coming to Blu-ray . Wow , how thrilling ... I did n't rate this with 5 stars , due to the fact that they removed the bonus content that had already been included in the DVD , which is stupid , since a DVD can store much , much , much less space .
 ... but ` Lord of War 's ' sardonic tone brings it a lot closer to ` Dr. Strangelove . ` As a movie , ` Lord of War ' is fast-paced and vivid , with Nicolas Cage blithely shrugging off his chosen profession of gun-running as just something he is good at ... as if to say , he would sell vacuum cleaners door to door instead , if he were good at that.As fact , the movie seems roughly accurate in noting the collapse of the Soviet Union and the resulting chaos that loosened controls on its weapons -LRB- regular and nuclear -RRB- . But the postscript noting the United States as one of the world 's top weapons merchants was simplistic ... look at China , Russia and France , if you want to know where all cheap , simple arms floating around Somalia , the Sudan , Liberia and Iraq came from ! -LRB- Source
 While this movie is n't the typical action flick many expect of Nicolase Cage , it is an exceptional movie nonetheless . It has a very cerebral feeling to it and really makes you think about your own opinions of the Gun restriction vs rights debate . Regardless of where you fall on this debate it is a movie worth watching .
 Great movie . If you like Nicolas Cage this is a keeper . Other cast is great too . Exciting movie plus lots of drama , keeps you on the edge of your seat . Cage is an arms dealer and goes all over the world selling weapons to people in war zones , getting in & out of situations you would n't believe . And meanwhile he has to try to keep his family life together . I definitely recommend this movie , a thriller you will want to watch more than once .
 True to life portrayal of what takes place in the `` underground world '' while everyone else goes about their suburban business . Here the movie shows us how the `` arms dealing '' involves the politician , suburbian housewife , immigrants and poor youths living in developing countries . We get to see who does most of the work , who benefits and the danger it involves for those at the less powerful end of the equation . I ca n't quite call this entertainment ... nothing to laugh about here . The five stars are for the acting -LRB- Nicolas Cage rocks -RRB- and the story telling .
 It not really a shoot em up . It 's not much of a laugh . But what it is , is an under-seen , thoughtful , entertaining cautionary tale of our world . See it .
 DVD was very entertaining.DVD arrived in a very timely fashion.DVD arrived in excellent condition .
 Starring Nicolas Cage as a Ukrainian immigrant who becomes a gun runner , this is what I would call a `` black comedy '' on a serious subject . It 's funny , fast-paced and interesting . And it 's almost embarrassing to identify with the smooth talking and risk taking arms dealer whose business results in death and destruction . Jared Leto is cast as Cage 's younger brother and the two of them make a good team . There 's love interest , of course , played by Bridget Moynahan , the wife that Cage tries to keep in the dark about his real profession.The settings are Brooklyn , the Ukraine and parts of Africa and Nicholas Cage is at home in these places . He 's witty , self-confident and likable . And the audience can not help but feel some empathy with him.There 's something about this film that reeks of bad taste . But so what ? It 's enjoyable , and it pokes fun at a profession that we all know exists . I enjoyed it and recommend it although it 's not for the squeamish .
 Between the white market of the offical arms trade we have the people that sell illegally and semi-legally weapons . This is an interesting story of these gun runners today and its effects today.It had a ring of truth to it . The story was well written.The acting was good . Nicolas Cage in particular .
 Only Nick Cage could pass this off
 I thought this movie was interesting and had some great action in it . Nicholas Cage was awesome , as always .
 An interesting film on arms trafficking , but too pedagogical in many ways . It tries to prove too much and it misses the real point . The real point is not the horror of these tribal or neighborly wars . The point is not the corruption of all the little warlords in Africa and other areas in the world . The point is not the domination of arms trafficking by the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council . The point is not even the rottenness of the politicians of western countries , of developed and emerging countries . The point is the hyena that lives in the human heart . The idea sure is present in the film , but not shown the way it should be shown . There is no escape from this basic idea that the human being is a predator against his own species , hence a cannibalistic predator , one of the very rare animal species that has this characteristic . Somewhere this film tries to save the human side of that predator . There is no saving of that human side because there is no human side . The human side is nothing but an illusion projected by hypocrites to hide their tracks and footprints . That 's what the film should have shown in the most realistic way . Unluckily it did not dare . It tried to save humanity and show it is manipulated by the few predators that would be living in our midst . But these are not a few . As soon as a human being , especially in a group , a band , a gang , or whatever collective structure or party -LRB- all meanings of this word intended -RRB- , has a little piece of power , that human being is going to turn predator . The trade-unionists in a strike will kidnap and keep hostages the engineers or managers of their business . The minority students will block their universities to force classes out and they will speak of a strike and pretend their diplomas and degrees must not be retained from them as a payment for their strike just like a worker loses a day 's pay for one day 's strike . . Professors or students will sell university diplomas to foreign students -LRB- maybe to French ones too -RRB- to make their week-ends comfortable . A cop will release the evidence of still not yet tried case to hurt who knows who and the public will not see the denial of the rights of the defense but plain information for the public to know . A bunch of hooligans will kill someone in public and in front of a camera just out of rage , when it is not a five year old boy who kills a five year old girl at school or some individual who starts shooting in a school , on a campus , in an underground station , a supermarket or the street , not to speak of terrorist attacks and suicide bombers . There is no end to that horrible human nature . Sainthood , saint-dom or saint-ness not to speak of sanctity do not exist on earth . Maybe in heaven but after death only . In this film it is more or less asserted that some cops are honest though impotent , that some people hate violence , crime and guns , that some people may prefer poverty in purity rather than wealth in blindfolded innocence . I do not believe it . There is no right side in no conflict . The working class is in no way better than the capitalists . If they get power they turn terroristic , they open and manage some gulag , or whatever procedure to eliminate the other side . There is no guarantee that any one human being could be in any one way innocent . Better get used to that fact.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU , University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne , University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines , CEGID
 Having proven his ingenuity as the writer of The Truman Show , and writer-director of Gattaca and the under-appreciated Simone , Niccol is clearly striving for Strangelovian relevance here as he chronicles the rise and inevitable fall of Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , a Ukrainian immigrant to America who makes his fortune selling every kind of ordnance he can get his amoral hands on . With a trophy wife -LRB- Bridget Moynahan -RRB- who 's initially clueless about his hidden career , and a younger brother -LRB- Jared Leto -RRB- whose drug-addled sense of decency makes him an ill-chosen accomplice , Yuri traffics in death the way other salesman might push vacuum cleaners -LRB- he likes to say that alcohol and tobacco are deadlier products than his -RRB- , but even he ca n't deny the sheer ruthlessness of the Liberian dictator -LRB- a scene-stealing Eamonn Walker -RRB- who purchases Orlov 's `` products '' to expand his oppressive regime . Niccol 's themes are even bigger than Yuri 's arms deals , and he drives them home with a blunt-force lack of subtlety , but Cage gives the film the kind of insanely dark humor it needs to have .
 Reviewers may pooh-pooh the marked Hollywood glibness to its narrative , or the minor liberties it takes with factual minitiae , but Lord of War is no mean feat . It soars high above those gripes with a compelling tale well told , some top-notch acting , and a gripping script peppered with a million rent-a-quotes . The theme had me at Hello
 Not quite sure how this movie is I only watched once to check if it had mishapps to it but was not sure on the plot . Im sure it had some action in it and that is why I bought it . So anyone that has watch this film might like it . Good condition .
 I have n't watched it yet . I plan to watch it this weekend but I may not have time . It 's too soon for me to review this product .
 Anyone who loves action twisted movies should own this ! It 's one of the best movies I 've ever seen ; A must own .
 For all they nay believers of this movie and gave 1-stars for the film for Hollywood-ism . I can assure you the truth of international arm dealing business is real . I have seen act of an acquaintance of a friend who deligently donates rolls of money to charities to wash away sin of her Jewish husband 's bloody business . And yes , corruption exist in our government .
 Make no mistake about it , this is not a film about the `` Rise and Levelling of '' an arms dealer . Not at all . Yes its a documentary thinly disguised as a drama , and a very good drama at that , but its facts are most certainly correct , and going by the commentary , and the actual documentary on disc two , this is a watered down version of the facts.The Film 's audio is great , the CGI is almost invisible , as the director mentions . This is one case where the CGI assists in the story telling.Disc one is straightforward , the film with Commmentary , and in some awesome DTS audio.Disc two has a collection of deleted scenes that SHOULD have been kept in my view , and I do not know why they were sliced . The making of feature is very revealing , and even shows how even this film could not have been made without arms dealers.The documentary on the arms trade is scary because it really shows just how correct the film is , and in fact how understated the film is , if not less than the truth ... since if the truth were shown , no one would buy it . Also , there is an interactive guide to the guns of the film , quite a good addition.If you do not want to have information on the trade that this film talks about , then get the one disc version.However , the two disc version is an awesome work , and a great film done outside of the regular studio system .
 Do n't get fooled
 The film is one of the greatest of all times , but there are no extras whatsoever on this blu-ray release . If they had included at least a commentary track , I would have rated this five stars . Given the low price I would still urge you to buy this . If you are a fan of Blow or Thank You For Smoking , then you will definitely want to add this one to your collection .
 well since i read this morning that they finally arrested to my dismay the inspiration to this film victor bout , this is going to be an even more classic than i initially thought ! they obv took several steps to disguise his real identitiy in the film . but wow ... i cant believe the bulltrash our government did to catch this guy ... . i mean the reality is he knows too much and theyre going to silence him ... the best way they know how , humiliation and isolation . worse then assassination . great great great movie , an eye opening true story made even more real by the re-arrest of the real victor bout ... BUY IT NOW . . weather ur a christian minister , a judge , a cop , a doctor , a construction worker , a drug dealer , or a teenager THIS MOVIE WILL TEACH U THINGS ABOUT REALITY AND LIFE !!!!!! a insightfull look into the correlation between black ops and other completely immoral government world politics and business ... and the best part is its a true story ... like blow and casino , only IMMENSELY MORE RELEVANT
 This is one of the best 20 movies I have seen in my life . Everything about the film is excellent . The good guys are real good and the bad guys are real bad . All the bad guys had Manhattan penthouses . This movie is pretty similar to Oliver Stone 's Wall Street -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , except Lord of War is about guns.Yuri Orlov -LRB- Nick Cage -RRB- starts out in NYC as a small time gun dealer and works his way to the top of international gun dealers/smugglers . Along the way he gets shot , marries a beautiful model and corrupts his little brother.This dvd is not for everyone . It is fairy violent , and it makes you feel pretty down in places.I give this movie 41/2 stars and 2 thumbs up .
 Warning
 I saw almost back to back the Flightplan -LRB- with Jodie Foster -RRB- , The Weatherman '' , and this one , both with Nicholas Cage as main actor.These are three very different films , but `` Lord of War '' was the best in my opinion . Despite being a `` low budget film '' , as the producers tell us in the extra features on disc 2 , it really brings up interesting issues that most people would probably not have thought of.I found this film to be excellent . The acting is top of the line . Those who know Nicholas Cage will not be disappointed . Those who do n't know him can watch this film before watching `` Leaving Las Vegas '' , then `` Family man '' , a sharp comedy , and maybe `` Gone in sixty seconds '' . That way , you will have a good sample of this actor 's talents , which keeps improving , film after film . Cage 's brother in this film also does some great acting -LRB- keep an eye on this actor -RRB- . The rest of the cast is also very acceptable in their own roles , especially the Liberian dictator . As to the special effects , they are perfect . See the landing of the Antonov on the dust road for instance . It is shot with real people , a real aircraft , and an almost real dust road . Nothing overdone , nothing too computerized , but bang , effective ! The shooting of the film is also impeccable , showing the journey of a bullet at the very beginning of the film -LRB- it ends up in a young boy 's head -RRB- , a vulture attacking a dead body , tanks lined up during a negotiation between cage and a seller , the plane sequence mentioned before , as well as the constant contrasts New York VS. Black Africa.Do not miss the dark humour that pops up here and there ; for instance , Cage reminding the dictator that it is bloodbath , and not bath of blood , or that you say warlord , and not lord of war -LRB- and maybe risking his life by daring to contradict the `` client '' -RRB- . Or , during the landing of the Antonov , Cage telling the pilot that he is the best and can do it -LRB- narrating to us that he actually was n't , that the pilot finished 35th out of 36 at the Moscow school of pilots -RRB- . Or the lack of culinary talent of Cage 's brother , which ends up being tragi-comical . The film is also well done because the of the loops it goes into . The brother keeps on getting back into his bad habits , Cage gives up the trading before falling again , the interpol agent keeps on helplessly chasing Cage , and the film ends up right the way it started . With a shot of tons of bullets on the ground . That is probably the main message
 I remeber seeing the previews when it was in theaters , but I never got around to seeing it . Anyway I rented it and it was one of the better movies that I have seen lately.The story is very dark , but it is one of people achieving success only to find that when they get there it is not all that they hoped that it would be . It also showed how even when you think that you are above everything you are selling little pieces of your soul along the way.I could have done without the plot line involving Yuri 's brother after he left the `` business '' the first time , but he needed to be brought back in to complete Yuri 's arc.The movie has also motivated me to investigate the final line on the screen indicating that the movie was based upon actual events . I knew all along that there were black market arms deals going on , but the movie illuded to things much larger than what I had guessed were going on.Ultimately , I think that this movie deserved a bit more acclaim than in received .
 Instantly it became a favorite . A climatic , based on true-life Faustus tale . Left me thinking on it for days .
 I still enjoy the movie quite a bit , but I was disappointed that the blu ray version did n't deliver the full promise
 You can never go wrong with Nick Cage . Plus , based an an actual person , makes it all the more fun to watch . Thoroughly fun film .
 What 's the difference between , let 's say a ` country ' sending military ` aid ' to other governments that oppress their own people and sometimes attack , invade or occupy their neighbors and private arm dealers buying -LRB- usually small -RRB- arms from wherever they can and selling them for a profit to whomever can afford them ? There are differences of scale . As Yuri Orlov notes toward the end of the movie , right before the credits begin to roll , the president of the United States sells more weapons in one day than he -LRB- Yuri -RRB- does in a full year . Then there 's the issue of legality . Since it 's the governments who decide what 's legal and what 's not , small fish like Orlov are known as ` gun runners ' and they are to be viewed as evil or irresponsible . Unlike governments who usually ` spread freedom ' , provide ` aid ' or help the nicer dictators , autocrats and internationally recognized oppressors fight ` extremism ' or ` anarchy ' . Unless the governments want to ` help ' certain extremely vile states or ` movements ' , in which case they covertly use the little gun runners to funnel their support . ` Lord of War ' ends with an interesting observation - nothing new or unexpected , a fact known to most of us but , somehow , hidden almost out of existence someplace rarely visited inside our mind
 Since I gave the movie four stars , it 's obvious that I liked it a lot . Nicolas Cage portrayed an admittedly cynical and amoral gun runner -LRB- Yuri -RRB- . The movie could , arguably , be thought of as a capitalist success story in the Horatio Alger tradition . The movie was full of scenes of gritty realism . The street scenes in various third world countries and the contrast to the lifestyles of the local ruling despots merit particular mention . There was unusual cinematography , as well - particularly the `` life of a bullet '' sequence at the beginning of the movie , that ends with the bullet entering a child 's brain.However , I found Yuri 's wife Ava 's betrayal of him to be unrealistic in the extreme . After all , she had been a dutiful `` trophy wife '' who had been living off of Yuri 's so-called `` ill-gotten gains '' for years . Why would she , all of a sudden , out of the blue , develop a `` conscience '' ? It made me wonder , was she having an affair with the cop who was investigating her husband , or what ? Or maybe the authorities were going to charge her as an accessory or even a co-conspirator , and she `` flipped '' to save her own skin . Hey , it 's happened enough with the mob in real life ; why not here , as well ?
 Absolutely love this movie . Very enjoyable but MORE IMPORTANTLY it makes a real statement about GREED in this world . I love it when Producers can create an entertaining movie that is almost like watching a documentary . We know it is a fictional story but has a strong theme of truth behind it . Hopefully movies like this will encourage people to think and maybe actually influence voters in the US and other Democratic countries to pay attention to what our great world leaders are doing .
 The Bottom Line : Not only is Lord of War utterly fascinating , with good performances by Cage and Hawke , but unlike other movies that feature a protagonist making his living through things that kill people -LRB- like , say , Blow -RRB- , Lord of War manages to both make us sympathize with the main character and yet realize how much he 's helping evil to thrive ; it 's a film you 'll remember and a film you should see .
 Great movie , lots of action as well as information on guns . I 'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and his acting is superior .
 A surprisingly good movie , this tale of a gunrunner over several decades of his life is not an action movie , and not just a drama . It 's an all round look at what it means to be a gunrunner - how it came about that he became one , the good times - the bad . The effect on family and loved ones . At times serious , at times downright funny , often poignant , it 's all the way through laced with its own style - a style which manages to pull off the difficult feat of mixing entertaining and thought provoking . Through frequently quite imaginative editing and narrative , the story never gets dull.Cage is good in the role , but it 's an all round effective supporting cast which make it really work - making his transition believable . The change from just another immigrant , to a man dabbling in the guns business , to a man sucked in by his own choosing to a world of ugliness by the lure of riches - or rather , as he puts it . . just because it 's what he 's good at . A particularly effective and revealing moment comes when Cage is faced with a seemingly arbitrary murder during one of his sales pitches with the pistol he is selling . His look of horror is quickly masked and replaced with indignation that the new gun has been soiled by use and is now worth less . It 's a theme throughout - at one point is it no longer possible to separate the business of what you are doing from the effect of what you are doing . Does it happen immediately you start down the path - or does it happen after a time ? Of note is the contrast to how his brother , played by a fantastic Jared Leto , is affected.How far embroiled in a world can you be without being affected ... it 's an interesting question , and one made all the more fascinating by the context of how much gunrunning our own governments do routinely , as the movie points out.Definitely recommended as an entertaining blockbuster - but with some brains to go with it .
 `` Lord of War '' is a crafty , deceptively powerful film that comes off as a black comedy , but when measured in full effect , also serves as a potent statement on world arms , cynicism , and the very human of mental conditions - rationalization.The movie follows the career of Yuri Orlov , played by Cage , who steadily but artfully crafts a career as an arms merchant , eventually becoming one of the world 's most successful at his trade . Along the way , he accumulates a trophy wife -LRB- beautifully played by Bridget Moynahan -RRB- , his brother -LRB- played by Jared Leto -RRB- becomes a drug addict , he becomes rich beyond his wildest dreams , and he acquires a mortal enemy in a persistent Interpol agent , played by Ethan Hawke.It is not an understatement to say that Yuri goes through cataclysmic changes , and loses his soul and humanity along the way . As amoral a creature as we have seen in recent films , he can make excuses and has an answer for everything he does . Cage plays him first as an ambitious hustler who gets in over his head , then as a savvy professional , and finally , as an amoral , venal , megalomaniac who only cares about himself and his business . Everything else is to be managed , lied to , and avoided.Andrew Niccol has become quite savvy at writing and/or directing films that make very adept and pointed social commentary with films like Gattaca , The Truman Show , The Terminal , and Simone . But he may have topped himself with this film , which take a hard look at the buying and selling of arms like any other commodity . `` The Lord of War '' is a fine , provocative film that takes a hard look at how cheap life can become when money and power are in play .
 I am a teacher of 3rd and 4th graders and love this product . The students have a great time creating their books -- they love that they can make their own choices , using their own names , friends and family , pets , etc. -- and the stories are more personal and fun than any other book they have.To get to print the stories and have them professionally bound is such a treat . We can make a group book and then save it in the classroom for all future classes to read.The kids also want to make their own books to give to their grandparents for the holidays.As their teacher , my favorite part is that they learn so much more vocabulary along the way . It 's just such fun and the kids are really being immersed in a total reading and writing environment . Highly recommended !!
 Think Adlibs ... you are asked to contribute to a story and get to be creative . Then you read the chapter you 've just worked on . I loved this so much . I ordered it to do with my daughter but she 's in bed and I 'm still playing with it.Very educational . Fabulous gift for Christmas
 We purchased this software for our 8 year old and he loves it ! He spent all Christmas day working on the computer writing different stories and editing them . I sat with him for over an hour writing several chapters and had a blast doing it ! Reading through the finished story we wrote together was hilarious and we will be writing many more I am sure . It 's a great educational tool because he learned several words like `` enslave '' that he did n't know . We look forward to ordering one of his future stories in hardback . I would recommend this software to anyone with a child who is an avid reader . Easy to use , easy to setup .
 This is a wonderful game because you get tips from the author John Lithgow . They are very well-chosen tips . You should definitely get this . Kids who like to listen to stories , read books and write books would just love this CD .
 This is awesome ! We just bought this product and we love it ! It was different than expected , but both kids -LRB- ages & 11 -RRB- have made one book so far , we 've printed it , an they 've been read a few times , and we just started yesterday ! They enjoyed making their own creations . On top of this , John narrates and tells the kids the main parts of stories AND he tells them why those parts are needed in a story . This is definitely a thumbs up !
 I purchased this item for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas . She loves to write and has found this item to be a lot of fun . She has found it very easy to use and a great help in creating her stories .
 While I love the game , I ordered this version which said it came with the mic . When the game finally arrived , I could n't find a damn microphone with it at all . So do n't waste your time , just by the regular version . Besides , in order to use the mic , you also need a USB sampler , which I guarantee , you will probably never find . Trust me , I 've looked .
 this is one of the best games if you get the one with the micro you can rap rock do what ever , this game is probaly better than mtv gen 2 and ejay clubworld magix music maker so this i say you should get it
 WHATS GOOD EVERY1 AIGHT YA ALL KNOW THAT FUNK FLEX CAUSE HE AINT NO MASTER IS MAD CORNY ! BOOM THA BOMB IS ALL YOU HEAR TO COVER UP HIS MESS UPS , AND HIS KUTS DONT EVEN MAKE SENSE YO FOR REAL I COULD TEAR UP THAT WANNABE DJ WITH THA CONTRACT IN MY SLEEP AND WITH ONE HAND AND BLINDFOLDED . I , LL PROBABLY WOULD FINISH HIM WITH JUST ONE MIX , BLEND , CAUSE I DONT THINK HE KNOWS WHAT THAT IS ! SO IM HOPING FLEX READS THIS AND WE COULD BATTLE FO REAL COUS . . DJ JIMSOUND !! DJJIMSOUND@MSN.COM I MIX KUT ALL TYPES OF MUSIC AND I DID DMC ! SO LETS DO THIS
 Along with Zombies Ate My Neighbors , I also bought this game . Freakin awesome man . The graphics are sweet , the music is cool , the sound effects are good , just an overall cool game . Get a person to play with you and you 'll have fun for hours . The mexican is obviously the best player choice in this game . Not cause of his shot gun that sprays everywhere , but because of his sweet purple poncho and sombrero . This game is challenging at times since one shot to you and you 'll lose a life so you got ta be on guard at all times , but still its fun for being that way . The only thing that would add to the sweetness of this game would be a save feature like zombies ate my neighbors or the lost vikings then this would probably be an ultimate powerhouse . Really like the arcade features . Word .
 I 've been a fan of this game since playing it in the arcade when i was a young boy and i now own both versions for the Genesis and Super Nintendo and can say that the Genesis version is alot better ! It stays true to the arcade by keeping the prostitutes , indians , original storyboards and vocals intact unlike the SNES version where everything is watered down and racially unbiased . The only thing the SNES version has got going for itself is the brighter graphics and better sounding vocals in their version of Sunsetriders ... but then again when faced with the same game for both systems , the SNES always did come out on top with better graphics/sound so what else is new . Anyway GREAT 2-D sidescrolling shoot 'em up western that if you have n't heard about or played this legend , then either you 've been living in a cave most of your life or were born after 1990 !
 The product is really good , it was exactly what I expected the product is . I can recommend it to all who are interested in purchasing this item . The people should buy it because it 's reliable ...
 This game was a classic as a kid and still a ton of fun in my late 20 's ... game came quickly , works fine ... great shoot em up game
 Sunset Riders for the Sega Genesis is one game I would recommend for your Sega Genesis collection . While it is not like the arcade version , it is a good game . The game primarily is set up slightly different than the arcade because you can only play as two different characters instead of the four players that the arcade version offers . Secondly , this game only allows up to two players instaed of four players . The stages are constructed differently too . In the arcade version , you would face a boss at the end of each most of the stages & there were no bonus stages . In the Genesis version the first stage , you rescue a woman , the second , you face a boss , then play a bonus stage , & so on . The only major disappointment is the lack of sounds that this version has . The arcade had more voices in it , where the Genesis only got a few of the sounds & voices found in the arcade . However , this game is harder to find than most , so it will generally cost more than usual . If you find it cheap , my recommendation is to pounce on it . I seriously recommend this game if you 're a collector . It is fun to play as well .
 This is a grea joystick , while the force feedback could be stronger , the thrustmapper utility alone more than makes up for that.Add to that the detachable fullsize throttle and the switchable rudder axis -LRB- twist handle or rocker on throttle -RRB- as well as how well everything fits your hand and you will certainly be as satisfied as i am with this joystick .
 It seems different sticks work better for certain games . I had terrible results with the X52 . Sure it 's nice to look at , and is almost usable after doing the magnet mod , but it does n't work that great in ROF . With this stick I can fly with no curves in ROF . The FFB can be adjusted over 1.00 , up to 9 -LRB- you just have to type it in manually into the ROF software -RRB- , if you want it to rip your arm off . It could use more buttons , but the fact that it works counts for a lot . I currently use this stick with my old X52 throttle . Nothing wrong with this throttle , it 's just that the X52 one has more buttons . This stick will not work with XP 64 .
 It is a good looking joystick that impressing me . After using , it is working ok . I like it .
 I have this game on xbox.It 's ok but it could have been better.In this game Superman must save buildings , put out fires , destroy robots etc.There are a couple of the supervillians in this game but they are almost impossible to destroy.This game should be rented first.Here is some pros and cons of this game.Pros1 -RRB- Once you finish the game you get different costumes for Superman.My favorite is the black costume without the cape .2 -RRB- Since this is on xbox it allows you to use your own music if you want to.You just burn the music you want to play to your xbox harddrive and then choose from the games music or yours.I chose the Superman Theme done by Mantovani.The game of course has it 's own music but the Superman Theme is more fitting .3 -RRB- Free Flight once the game is finished you can fly around any of the levels in the game you choose without enemies even is space .4 -RRB- All Levels Open once the game is completed .5 -RRB- Great graphics.Metropilios is a beautiful city in this game.Cons1 -RRB- No free roam of course this game was made before free roam was available .2 -RRB- Super Villins are very hard to fight .3 -RRB- Some missions are timed and difficult to complete .4 -RRB- No missions were Supes get to fight just plain thugs and rescue damsils in distress.Here is a list of weapons and gadgets Supes has at his disposil .1 -RRB- Ice Breath2 -RRB- Heat Vision Laser3 -RRB- A device to see thru buildings and detect bombs.This Superman game is not the greatest but it is ok.Currently EA is working on a Superman Returns game that will be out in the Summer of 2006 when the movie comes out.I 've read it will be free roam and destructible meaning Supes can destroy anything in the game like the upcoming Incredible Hulk Ultimate Destruction.Hopefully they will also have Supes battling super villins and also normal thugs.I would also like to see all of Supes other costumes once the story mode is completed and a bonus mission were Supes fights other superheros like Hulk , Batman , Spiderman , etc and also allows you to play as the other heros if you want and battle Supes like Revenge of the Sith does with the jedis.Superman Returns is looking to be a great Superman Game .
 This game is really incredible . First of all , it took me about 175 hours to do everything . I realize some people can have issues with this , but i personally like it . Second , you can do so much . Want to be a hero ? There 's the main quest . Want to be a mage ? There 's the mage 's guild . Want to be a theif ? There 's the theives guild . Want to be an assassin ? There 's the Dark Brotherhood . And you can be a part of all of these at the same time too . Next on my list , this game can actually be pretty intense . When you are walking through a silent cave with t only the water dripping and suddenly a zombie comes running at you it can make your heart stop.Besides the game , the gameplay is also awsome . I get made at alot of games were the best armor and weapons are hard to find . In this game , as you level up the chances of you getting the best armor get higher and higher . The variety of spells you have is cool too . You can do anything from opening a lock to summoning a daedra to sending a blast of fire into your enemy 's face . One thing that I am not so sure I like is that your enemy 's level as you do . This means several things . One , the game does not get easier as easily as most RPG 's . If you play your cards exactly right , you can be at the best possible skill at level 53 but this is very hard . The actual fighting is simple yet ridiciuosly fun . The actions are simple to do , but knowing how to them in a way to slaughter your enemies can be difficult.The graphics are amazing . Totally top notch . There are no unofficial loading times and the game never freezes . If for simply seeing an incredible world I would reccomend this game.Finally the actual story is great . Every quest has a twist and every twist has a twist and it all comes down to something you never would have though of .
 I have never played an Elder Scrolls game before this one . Now I think I understand what I have been missing . The amount of work and detail that have gone into Oblivion is staggering . The sheer number of quests , characters , weapons and places , all set in a gorgeous `` real '' secondary world is just amazing.Since the first week of March I have been held hostage by this game . The scope of the story is vast and the game world is enormous . The main quest ranges all over the game world , and follows the assassination of the Emperor , the search for his lost heir and the recovery of the Amulet of Kings . The goal is to stave off an invasion from an alternate plain of existence , Oblivion . I am still only half-way through this quest , as I have enjoyed all of the alternate quests scattered throughout the world.Everywhere you travel there are cities , towns , dungeons , forts and caves , along with shrines , ruins and every type of terrain you can imagine.For me , the greatest thing about the game is choice . You can choose to follow the main quest , or follow countless alternate quests and return to the main quest only when you wish . Wander the countryside exploring the sights and getting into scrapes . Join and advance through different guilds , namely the Fighters Guild , the Mages Guild , the Thieves Guild , or the assassin 's guild called the Dark Brotherhood . You can join orders of chivalry and become a knight , fight in the Arena in Imperial City city to become Grand Champion , or join a secret society of Vampire hunters -LRB- or become a Vampire yourself -RRB- . There is just too much in this game to list everything and it has been expanded by downloaded content . I have n't even started The Shivering Isles expansion pack , although I have enjoyed the relatively brief quests associated with the Knights Of The Nine expansion.I have n't enjoyed a game so much in years , and the only other RPG I have enjoyed as much in the past was Knights Of The Old Republic.Oblivion is an instant classic and an excellent game .
 Elders scroll may seem limit less but it isnt , although It is a massive map . Meaning It takes time to walk from one end to the other . The AI in the game are well done for a non online game but after a long while of playing it , they start to seem like AI . A good game will make its AI almost like a real person or living creature . Since this game has a very wide range of different AI and how each character will act and respond to you , it 'll take time for you to notice the similarities . There are a lot of missions so it should keep you busy . It takes time to level up but choosing a race is almost usless in the long run . The reason is that you can control when you want the game to be difficult and when to be easy . This is one fault that the game has I think . As you level up , it does n't get easier for you to kill the enemies , it becomes harder . If you want to feel like your actually leveling up then slightly decrease the difficulty manually anytime during the game as you level up . The good part to this game is that it does n't get boring quickly . You would have to literally complete all the missions to become bored of the game . Also , everything you do affects how you level up . Like I said , in the long run it wouldnt matter because you would max everything . I had a light armor character thats only supposed to use light armor but if you use heavy armor and max out your ability to use it , then It is exactly like light armor but even better . And this goes along with all the abilities you use . A cool feature of the game is that you can make your character look almost like yourself if you took the time to play around with the facial options . You can pick a character already made or you can create your own and start molding its face around to look like you . If you want to go on a killing spree at the end of this game or when ever you think you can take out the gaurds , you will be dissappointed when the main character guards just magically come back to life over and over and over . So after figuring this out , the game was over with because there is nothing much you could do after the missions . Do n't get me wrong , your going to spend over 100 hours in this game trying to max your character , explore the dongeons , the forest 's , mountians , complete the missions , and basically truely `` BEAT '' the game . I give this game for the X BOX 360 a 10 out of 10 with out the online capabilities . For my personal gaming experience , I give this game a 8 out of 10 due to the completion of the missions , and how the AI start to look like AI . If they were almost true to life like characters , which is very hard to do so I 'll give credit to the people that made this game but if you want to really impress a gamer , make me believe that the AI are real and they do n't have a fixed agenda , which is close to impossible to do . If you dont have online capabilities , then this is truely a game you have to get . But once you join online gaming , you will not want to waste time playing anything else or go back to second hand best . You wont be dissappointed in this game if you buy it . It is truely a fun and interesting game . Oh yeah one more thing , the story line will make you feel like a hero in the game .
 Ok , This is not going to be a total review , but simply what I really had problems with during the 100 + hours I spent playing , and finishing Oblivion . There were three things -LRB- one of which is nit-picky -RRB- . First
 This game is by no means a 5/5 stars game there are some faults that can get annoying . The game took me one week to beat doing all the quests and unlocking all the acheivments so I reccomend buying it opposed to renting . I really loved morrowind and was hyped about this game . I strongly suggest that if you have a high end PC to get it for that instead.I 'll go ahead and break it down into sectionsGraphics 8/10 some of the best on the 360 however the draw rate is very short you can just be running then all of a sudden plants will appear . It really breaks the immersion.Sound 7/10 The music gets repetative very fast there are not that many variations of music you have battle music , travel music and dungeon music you 'll more than likely end up using custom soundtracks . The sword/axe and the bow sound very nice.Gameplay - 8/10 If you have played morrowind you 'll rather love or hate it . Bethesda took out darts and spears so now the only ranged weapon is a bow and the melee are reduced to swords/daggers/axe / or a mace the developers got rid of the dice system where you had a chance to miss your enemy and now every strike hits your enemy . Also I dont know if my expectations were to high but the world just doesnt seem alive like morrowind did.There are not as many quests as there was in morrowind . Also you can ride horses in this installment of the elder scrolls however since you cant attack while your on them they are more for looks . The main story is ok nothing shocking nor any major plot twists like KOTOR however all in all this game is still very good .
 this game is one of the best rpg 's that i have ever played , i cant wait for the expansions
 This is a great game to throw you into the animated world ! I love it !!
 I bought this game because I saw the great reviews and awards it received so I decided to give it a try . Sadly enough this game is not what I expected it to be . I do acknowledge though that Oblivion has great graphics and gives players numerous places to explore . I personally did n't enjoy the game much , but I am willing to give it another chance if in the future there is a special edition since I refuse to pay an additional $ 30 for the Shivering Isles extension pack . Strangely enough , I do find myself recommending this game to any RPG fan out there .
 The game has a very open world , tons of quests , and the ability to be good or evil.The Storyline is unique in the fact that you can change your path simply by replying differently to NPC 's -LRB- Non-Playable Characters -RRB- during quests . Pretty much endless gameplay with 4.0 GB of downloadable content via XBOX LIVE . Save the world or destroy it , The choice is yours !
 It 's a Bethesda Softworks RPG for XBOX 360 ... Should I really have to write anything else ? The game is landmark for the console and should be on everyone 's list . Games are beginning to outclass this one in terms of graphics , etc. but the game itself is still solid and a lot of fun to play . The explorable areas are practically endless and the environment is truly beautiful and wandering aimlessly can be as much fun as pursuing the many quests available in the game . If you like RPG 's , or are already familiar with Elder Scrolls titles like Morrowind , you should not even be reading this - buy the game !
 First of all you haters can go die in a fire . You ca n't call yourself an RPG fan and not like this game . Second of all DO N'T listen to some of these other guys . Are you an RPG fan ? Do you like medevil stuff ? IF SO THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU !!! It 's pure PWNAGE !!!!!!
 I love this game-I 've had the complete story on the PC for years , but taking the image quality of the XBOX high def is amazing . I am not a huge gamer , but this game I found addictive-ly enjoyable . Anyone who likes a good gaming story , action , customization and side quests will love it !
 This is yet another amazing addition the the Elder Scrolls series . This has amazing graphics and is a huge improvement on Morrowind . It 's easier to find your objectives , the story line is better , and the graphics are jsut amazing.If you enjoy RPGs , and particular like Bethesda 's games , then you must buy this . It has replayability because every time your character is different . I can not remember how many times I 've played it but a lot . It 's worth the buy .
 This is easily the best game i have ever played ! Grpaphics are great , quests are cool , loads of playing time !
 The World of Oblivion is a massive one , with more quests then you 'd ever finish in one sitting , nooks and Crannies that you stumble opon , stories and books hidden away , a delight to discover.The guilds provide some of the best missions in the game , and hours of fun . The gameplay is solid , and great throughout . The main quest is Awesome and Epic as well , and everything about this game I enjoy.I recommend it strongly .
 man o man , what a game oblivion is , beware this game may suck up you time like it 's nothing , thousands of things to do , graphics are beutiful , sound is excellent , combat is not too bad , quests are really fun although there are some really pointless ones , plenty of armor and weapons and spells to choose from , a wide variety of enemies and npc characters , many character paths to choose from like mage , warrior , bard , wizard , thief and the list goes on and on , the downloads are a big bonus and i recomend getting this game and not renting it or you will miss the whole expirience .
 The last time I played a role playing game was like diablo on the pc . This game though is rated so high I thought , I will give it a shot.Man am I glad I did , this game is really a great game . First off the start is fun because you can really customize yourself , which is neat . I went for the elf look intending on using a bow and arrow.The game itself is huge . Granted I have `` only '' played 20 hours but it seems to be just a massive game . Truly if you wanted to , you could spend countless hours playing things you have never done before , it is that big.The quests themselves can seem to be repetitive , find a cave , kill the bad guys and so on . That is ok though , since you can approach it so differently . Last time I completed a quest I used sneak almost the entire time . Other times I had my longsword and shield and slices and diced my way through enemies . In terms of attacking , severel options as wellThe difficulty of the game can be changed at anytime , which above anything else is convient for those of us that made some stupid mistakes ... So I do n't think people will have trouble beating the game -LRB- if I can get through it , anyone can -RRB- It really is a remarkable game . I plan on purchasing one or two of the expansions when i finish -LRB- maybe 6 months from now ? -RRB-
 A lot of the people here have already stated how good this game is . I would agree . This is the best RPG I have ever seen . It is huge , customizeable , and easy to play . There are some graphic problems , but they are small and do n't take anything away from this game . Everything about this game is great , if not perfect.That leads to the only problem I have with this game . It is almost impossible to stop playing it . I have logged almost 200 hours of playing time . 200 hours where I could have been doing something productive , but instead I was killing ogres and vampires . But that only means that I got my money 's worth . $ 60 a game is n't cheap , but this one is well worth it . Plus there are a ton of downloads on xbox live that add to the game . I would n't bother with the strategy guides though , as there are plenty of internet resources to help you with any problems . If you enjoy RPG 's or even kind of like them , you really need to get this . If you do n't like them , I think you still might enjoy this game . It is that good .
 I purchased this game for my husband for Christmas 2006 . Here it is July 2007 and he is still completely hooked on it & still plays it every chance he gets . I have NEVER seen him so interested in a game before . Normally he 'll play a game and beat it within a week or two at the most . Not this one ! I told him if he wanted we could purchase the add on for it but he insists `` not yet ! '' - swears he has to beat this first . I have never seen a game go on for so long and keep his interest either . I purchased a couple other games for him that same Christmas but he has yet to even take one of them out of the plastic . Once he started playing the Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion he has n't wanted to play anything else -LRB- very rare b/c he 's such a Resident Evil fanatic -RRB- . Buy this game , you will NOT be disappointed ! Money well spent ! : o -RRB-
 I ca n't remember the last time I played a game so huge and involved and enjoyed it as much as Oblivion . There is a ton of customization , deep and open ended gameplay , multiple quest & story lines , and a large world to explore . How this game fit on a single disk will baffle me for the rest of my days.I must warn everyone though , this game will take over your life and soon you will find yourself playing hours and hours per day . Even after completing the ` story ' the game is far from over . There are dozens of hidden dungeons , miles of landscape to traverse ... I do n't think I can make a complete review of this title without missing a ton of exciting and interesting features.So why do n't you do yourself a favor and if you own a 360 , get this game . Adventure & RPG fans will no doubt enjoy this game to death , but even people who do n't may find the compelling gameplay too difficult to overlook . It is truly one of the greatest games of all time .
 This is one of the best games ever made -LRB- I 'll put this is up there with Starcraft ! -RRB- . I 'm not usually into RPG games as I find they take to much time . This game however , made me re-evaluate my priorities . Kids ; they can wait . Work ; that can wait too . Food ; no need , I 'm sure I can go another day without it ... Seriosuly , the only negative thing about this game is that there is a danger of forgetting about your real life !
 If you 're wondering why I did n't give this game five stars it 's because I 'll only hand out a five star rating to the greatest games of all time.That being said this game is incredible . The graphics are absolutely stunning . The gameplay is fun and challenging and the number of quests and things to do is incalculable . I 'm over 100 hours of play and I still have dozens of quests I have yet to complete . Plus , there are extra quests and patches you can download via x-box live.If you play RPGs and have a 360 you should already own this game . If you 've never played an RPG or ca n't even tell me what an RPG is , go rent it and see how you like it , but if you do n't like RPGs in general I do n't think this one will make you change your mind .
 Sure , the accessible world keeps getting smaller with each chapter in this series , but your flexibility with character creation , item and spell crafting and the monsters you face all make the game worth a buy . Contrary to some reports , not all monsters level with you ; in fact only the more powerful ones do -LRB- and all humanoid monsters -RRB- . This allows you to occaisionally stomp on something that may have caused you some grief a few levels ago . My current character is 34th level and there seems to be no cap at this point . Pretty doggone fun if you ask me .
 This has to be the best game ever!The amount of things you can do with this game seems only limited by your imagination , and the time you have to spend in it . You can go through your life as a ` knight ' ... then turn around and be the best ` thief ' ever ... In addition , you can purchase additional ` quests ' and ` nuggets ' from Xbox live.Truly an enjoyable experience ! I have been 3 different characters ... the last of which I have been messing around with for several months.Very fun indeed !
 In just my humble opinion as a gamer geek for almost 30 years , this is the single most enjoyable and fulfilling video game I have ever played . I have other good XBOX 360 games , but have collected 1 '' of dust since the first second I slid Oblivian 's disk into the XBOX 360 . Just from a RPG perspective , this title completely embarrasses every Japanese turn-based RPG out there . I just finished FF XXII on the PS2 and it was a quality epic production in it 's own right , but pales in comparison . The concepts in the game are n't new if you played Elder Scrolls III , but ED IV-Oblivion builds on the ES III engine with massive improvements in most game attributes.Pros : Gorgeous next-gen graphics . One of the best looking titles on XBOX 360 and easily the best looking RPG on any console system.Amazing musical score , environmental & ambient sounds.Second-to-none voice acting and an unprecedented amount of it.HUGE environments dwarfing Grand Theft Auto - San AndreasUnprecedented complex and deep character development and levelingHundred and hundreds of missions , and we are talking quality here , not just quantity . Each mission is complex with multiple optional solutions , takes time to complete with multilevel/multi-step involvement . It is deeply satisfying when you have completed any mission.SAVE THE GAME AT ANY TIME IN ANY PLACE - even during combat!Cons -LRB- Unfortunatelty , there a few and they are worth mentioning : Load times are tragically long - something that has not improved over ES III.There are times when the game will permanently freeze the XBOX 360 system requiring a reboot - another issue that was not fixed from ES III.I am not sure you can call this a con , but the official strategy guide and online help is necessary to understand and enjoy all of the complexities of the game . Though mission assistance is not required , understanding all functionalities , as well as environmental and character attributes is amplified with reference material .
 Great game for the XBOX360 . Enjoy it very much . I play it on my 52in Sony at 1080p . Graphics are great and game play is smooth .
 I 've been into the Elder Scrolls since Morrow-wind . This is great improvement.It 's somewhat tedious but it 's nice and long.This is one of the best RPGs I 've ever played.Nothing further to add .
 Excellent ! I am so glad I got this for my brother ! It came very quick and he is having a blast !
 I like this game , good fighting and good storyline ... mainly bought it cause the people that made it made fallout 3 and that game is amazing
 This is my plea on behalf of all amazonians to all marketplace sellers . Offer this game WITH Shivering Isles for a bundle price ! NO ONE is doing this . It is killing me . Thanks .
 I love this game ! I too have played RPG games for years and this game is absolutely incredible . It is very addicting :-RRB- If you are a RPG fan this game is for you .
 If you have thirty hours a day to waste this is the game for you . There are a lot of ways to play this game . The graphics are great , and it keeps getting better and better .
 Graphics are excellent , the game is epic in scope , it 's insanely addictive , blah blah blah blah.The only problem I have with Oblivion is the fact that , if you steal something from someones house , when nobody 's home , a guard will show up and arrest you . Also , the button to stand is the same as when you 're given the option to take something . My character has been arrested a few times because he got caught stealing when he simply wanted to stand-up . Lesson
 This is the best game I have played to date . It is a game that has a great story , rich character , a huge world , and almost an endless amount of things you can do . Above all it is as involving as the player wants to be . You can rush through the quests and not be thorough or simply take your time reading all of the books you find , collecting various plants to make potions out of , or completing a set of armor to store in one of the various houses you can own in the game . The graphics are great , the sounds and voice-work is impressive , the orchestral music is grand and soft at the right moments . There are just so many ways to approach the game the replay ability is huge in that you can create a lot of different classes with various mixes of traits to play the game over again under a different light . If you want to feel like playing a game where you get your moneys worth and then some -- do not hesitate to pick this up.As far as the downloadable content to Oblivion is concerned
 Oblivion is well known for being one of the most interactive , fun , addicting rpg 's of all time . And possibly , it could be true.PRO 's - The graphics are AMAZING !!! the sunsets , the towns , the rivers , the forests its just made so beautifully-The gameplay is great . For big rpg players , it shouldnt take that much time to get the hang of , but for newbies of the rpg , it might take a while . Dont worry though , just keeping playing and soon enough you 'll master it.-It is really really long . Seriously , it seems like the game will never end . You have the main quest -LRB- which is long by itself -RRB- , a list of different guilds to complete -LRB- Fighter 's Guild , Mage 's Guild , Theft 's Guild , and The Dark Brotherhood , each take a good length of time to finish -RRB- There is also a Gladiator-Like arena to fight in . That once you finish , you can keep fighting in it to make extra gold , plus many townsfolk have problems that are need of your assistance , many caves to travel through , places to explore , shrines , and so much more . It unbelievable.-AI is perfect . It seems like everyone in the game has there own personality . If someone who is a close friend of your character dies , you actually feel like you lost a real friend ! its kind of scary if you think about how in depth the game is.-unlike many games , you really get to choose from a selection of your characters race , and also choose his birthsigns , and whichever one you choose will decide what your character trates are and how experienced his is in certain catagories.-The replay value is just as fun as your first time playing . Since you can onl choose from on race and birthsign for one game , you could play 10 seperate new games and they would all in some ways come out differently.CON 's - The only minor flaw is the loading time . It takes a while to load some maps and when you walk around for a long period of time it will randomly freeze for a split of a second to load during gameplay constantly -LRB- mostly if your in the forest -RRB- but dont let that small flaw make you not purchase this game . Because everything else is near perfect if not , perfect.-It would of been fun to have some sort of online play for this game . But hey , as fun as it already is , not a big deal at all.Overall ... well , I think you get it . Oblivion is one of the best games out right now , and it will go down in gaming history . A must have for any type of gamer .
 The Elder Scrolls IV is a great fantasy role playing game . The grapics are great . It has hours and hours of entertainment . The only problem is once you start playing the time goes by and it is 4 AM and you are worn out the next day . Buy it !
 No problems , shipped on earliest date , great game , no problems , Nuff saidVery happy with this order . Totally worth it
 Just a few days ago , I got this game and my social life is a disgrace . I have to say that this comes closest I 've played to dungeons and dragons , the one game that can not be beat . Get this now , and try dungeons and dragons of you have n't already .
 One of my favorite games of all time . I ended up switching my console to a ps3 however , so I sent this to my younger cousin through mail . He absolutely loves it as much as I do , which is saying a lot . One of the best games ever made , definitely a must buy for any avid RPGer or someone who is new to the genre or gaming in general . Check out the newest Elder Scroll game , Skyrim , if you enjoyed this game .
 I really do n't know why they rate this MA . Maybe it is because you can fight people . It is a great game for kis/adults . Takes alot of thinking and problem solving . You have to kill certain zombie-like creatures but I would n't really call it violent . A child could spend hours just creating their profile - changing their face , color of hair , shape of eyes , etc. . Very creative .
 While I have n't played a lot of it yet , I can say it is a good game . Have seen many reviews , and heard many good things so I decided to pick it up ! 9 days before Skyrim too ! The controls are a bit hard to grasp if you 're used to playing something else , but after a while you get used to them . I would honestly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in adventure .
 I just started this game , so I can only offer my take on it so far . My first impression was the amazing personalization that the game allows for your character . You can tweak just about every facial feature , which adds some interesting fun . The play itself has a kind of old school feel to it , a little clunky . Considering that the game is several years old it still holds up when compared to games such as fable II though . It seems there is a lot to explore in this game with diverse stratagem to make your way through it . If you like RPGs then I say this game is worth a shot . If you are new to the genre , then I would recommend starting somewhere else .
 I honestly have n't been this impressed by an RPG in years . I love the fluid gameplay , i have really enjoyed just exploring and getting into a few `` accidental '' missions , for example i was sleeping at an inn/boat which ended up getting hi-jacked and had to fight my way through the boat to get back to shore.The main story-line is engrossing , the voice-over work is well done . You can join various factions , fighter 's guild , mage 's guild , thieves guild and you can actually become a vampire -LRB- not kidding ! -RRB- . i will be playing this all the way through more than once , guaranteed . There are so many various races and classes to choose from that the game can be played from many different angles .
 I came into this series in time for Morrowind , and I got hooked . At first I could n't get the hang of it , but I finally managed to figure it out and the end result was plenty of entertainment . The world -- both in Morrowind and here in Oblivion -- is huge , and there are hundreds of places to visit and explore . I especially liked the inclusion of random hamlets and houses in the wilderness . They add a touch of realism.And the world itself it beautiful . I 'll be playing and be struck by the view or a particularly tranquil-looking meadow . There 's nothing quite like cresting a hill in Oblivion , too . You come up over the rise and a valley is laid out in front of you -- you can see all the way across a mountain range . No backdrop palettes here . If you see a mountain off in the distance , you can climb it.Even after you complete the main questline , you 'll only have scratched the surface of the content . There are hundreds of odd jobs to be done in each of the towns , and they are n't the mindless cut-and-paste quests you get in other games . My favorite so far is one for the Dark Brotherhood where they lock you in a house with several other people , and you must assassinate them one at a time without the rest catching on and attacking you . Another fun one was tracking down a man who said he was a vampire hunter , only to learn he 's little more than a thief and a murderer . Everything 's heavy on story and cutscenes , which is good ! You 'll get sucked in . The atmosphere is quality.Each player will have things they like to do . Some like the combat aspect , others like making their own spells and practicing sorcery , and others like to search for rare plants to put into potions . Any pursuit will give you hours and hours of gameplay . The money problem in Morrowind has been fixed -LRB- it was notoriously easy in that game so quickly earn thousands upon thousands of gold , and be able to afford anything offered -RRB- . You 'll make more gold as you level up , but you wo n't find whole suits of ebony armor worth 100,000 gold lying around on each enemy like in Morrowind . Expensive , quality items are nice and rare , and you appreciate them more because of it.If you do build up a surplus of gold , you can always buy a house or two or five . There 's one for sale in pretty much every town , and they range in price from 5,000 gold to 25,000 or so . The furnishings for these houses -LRB- many come unfurnished -RRB- are another 1,500 apiece . You really do n't need to buy a house -LRB- as the game recommends repeatedly on the many loading screens -RRB- , because you 'll never have much use for it . The only thing in your houses that 's useful is the bed , and it 's almost always easier to just use an inn or fast travel to a campsite . Still , they are fun to have , and they 're great later on when you need a place to store items you 've saved up.Negatives ? Just two little ones . After you play for a while , the game seems to slow down , which can prove to be a headache when you need to access the menus . Sometimes it locks up completely for a minute or so . And the loading screens -- lordy , the screens ! -- sometimes there are multiple loading screens for the interior of a house . Castles will be divided into several loading zones . Passing from indoors to out or vice-versa requires a load . So does leaving or entering a town , sewer , cave , mine , shrine , ruin , cellar , attic , tower , or in some cases , room . This can become frustrating.Other than that , this game is virtually flawless . It can give you dozens of hours of playtime if you get into the guild quests and professions , and probably twice that if you decide you want to explore and find all the locations on the map.This is probably the best all-around lazy Sunday game on the 360 so far , the kind of thing you could spend an afternoon messing about with and feel like you did something semi-useful when you finally save and quit .
 Even as a 22 year-old woman , I 've played my fair share of RPG and adventure games - Fable , Zelda , Knights of the Old Republic - so I 'm not a completely ignorant player , despite gaming being less popular in my sex and age group.I began Oblivion on my brother 's new 360 while home for the weekend with nothing but laundry to do . I began the game as I do many of his games , just looking to fill a few hours between laundry loads . As I learned the controls and customized my character , I found myself loving that it was as story-heavy as my favorite Knights of the Old Republic game , but also combat-heavy . Being non-turn based , Oblivion required that I actually become good at fighting , like Zelda , rather than just queueing up attacks like Fable or KotoR.I quickly learned that I would n't be able to pick up everything under the sun , since there was a weight limit to what I could carry ... no more pooling and customizing every weapon under the sun and having them all available at a whim - I had to actually be aware of which weapons were worth carrying and which items I should leave behind . This feature eliminated my least-favorite part of KotoR , which was carrying an obscene number of weapons and objects and spending hours just organizing and customizing the items up.Once I got out of the tutorial in the sewers , I was dropped into a beautiful world . Where should I go ? I just started running . Unlike Zelda or Fable , I did n't have pre-drawn `` roads '' with obvious loading times ... In Oblivion , I felt like the whole world was open , and that I did n't have to kill low-level bats or goblins around every single turn . The best part was that as I ran , I was discovering places not on my map . I could have transported straight to my first marker , instead of take the 8 minute run across the countryside , but the run was VERY rewarding , in terms of discovering the new locations , harvesting plants for potions , and experiencing the ABSURDLY realistic views.THIS , I thought to myself , is what you read about or see in the movies , when the hero goes on his journey ... THIS is what games today lack , is the sense of reality . Getting from here to there should n't mean that I meet the same 5 bad guys whenever a certain area loads , or that I 'm praying for a way to transport between places so that I do n't have to run anymore . Oblivion made me WANT to run , and made me WANT to experience the reality , but it also provided the quick-travel option , just in case I had to retrace my steps and knew that I had gone down a certain road before.By the end of the day , far after my laundry was done , I found myself hardly able to put down the controller . It 's been 2 weeks since I first played , and I keep finding myself wishing I was playing Oblivion . It 's almost to the point where I would buy the entire 360 system and Oblivion game , just to be able to play this one game . I ca n't give a review on the full game , since I 've only played for 10 hours and got to level 4 , but judging by how much I want to play again , I know it is a 5 .
 so im about 27 hours in now . its just gotten better as i progress . there are four guilds you can join , each with their own expansive list of quests . fighters guild , mages guild , dark brotherhood , and the thieves guild . you can compete in the arena of the imperial city in gladiator style matches . lush forests and environments as far as the eye can see . beautiful cities to explore . side quests are easy to find wherever you look . approximately 200 dungeons scattered throughout the continent will keep anyone busy for quite some time even without working on the extremely well written and entertaining quests or guilds . i havent progressed through the main story all that much yet , but what i have seen has been interesting . the emporer has died , and with his last words instructs you of his unknown child , the only heir to the thrown . it is your job to find him and bring him to his rightful place as emperor . i havent learned a lot since then , but it 's shaping up to be the most epic , amazing game i have ever seen . you can enter the deadra dimension known as oblivion , which resembles common depictions of hell . its great bringing up the dashboard menu , crankin up some metal and just unloading on the creatures that lie within.with seemingly unlimited choices , and a completely beautifil world to explore , this game will keep anyone busy for a very long time . -LRB- 200 + hours i have heard -RRB- this is on of the greatest games ever made , it 's that simple . whether you own a 360 , PS3 , or a high end PC , this game should not go overlooked by anyone .
 Before I begin I must say as player you should be already hooked to this franchise or are willing to play this game , it is gigantic and needs a lot of attention in order to succeed well in it.Oblivion in some ways is better than Morroiwnd and in some ways Morrowind is better than Oblivion.THE THINGS THAT ROCK ABOUT OBLIVION : - BETTER GRAPHICS
 This is the best Game out for the 360 , if you have a 360 and dont have Oblivion , shame on you , dont ask just go buy it . Even if your not even remotely an RPG fan i guarantee youll love this game . Just go to ebay and try and find it cheaper than $ 40 total USED , and youll see that this game has the highest resale than any other , why ? cause it is that good.Im amazed they could fit so much information on one disc , I have been hesitating to play this for fear that my girl would get jealous and leave me , cause im spending more time on the 360 than her . Let me tell you , ive been playing for roughly 50 hours and i havent even started the main quest yet . Its a totally open world , you can go anywhere anytime , letting you choose how you want to play the game.You start of by creating your character , everything from the race to the the shape of your chin is all customizable , just remember that each race has its strengths and weaknesses too . Heck you can even decide what sign youre born under , and once youre in the game you can decide what kind of fighter youll be too . Long range with arrows and magic , or up close with warhammers and blades . Its all up to you to decide , might as well train on them all and become the ultimate warrior!I just bought a horse and am now roaming the countryside finding things like old forts and mines to explore . I even came upon a group of daedric -LRB- satanic -RRB- worshipers who wanted me to do something for their evil god . There are so many factions too , like right now im a member of the mages guild , the gladatorial arena , and the fighters guild . People recognize you more as your fame goes up , and you can even talk to people and con them into liking you , obviously doesnt work with all of them ; some NPC 's are just A ** holes.This here is the most game for your money , at least a 120 plus hour game , if your hesitating still , dont ; just go get it and see what i meen , you wont be sorry .
 I have put over 250 hours in to this game.I ca n't stop . Damn family commitments keep cutting into my Oblivion time , haha.If you like to explore , you will love this game.If you are a spaz and want to smash buttons , you might want to try something else .
 I 'm a longtime gamer who never got into online gaming , for numerous reasons . When I decided to buy a 360 , I knew I needed to play Gears Of War . I like to shoot bad guys ; most gamers do . But I knew I needed something else.What drew me to Oblivion was the fact that it 's entirely single-player . You do n't need an Xbox Live Gold account to play . You do n't need to find others that match your skill level . It 's more than just slaughtering other players online . It 's not a mediocre single-player campaign filling space between the online options.I read reviews claiming upwards of 200 hours of gameplay . That 's hardly an exaggeration . I 'm at 120 hours and counting . I 'm not bored yet . I 've got guilds to join -LRB- and become leader of -RRB- , quests to complete , skills to master , not to mention an empire to save . I never thought I liked RPGs , but there has n't been another disc in my 360 for months - not even Gears Of War.If you 're not into the fast-twitch hyperactivity that comprises most online gaming , this is your game . It 's intelligent , interesting , and utterly addicting . And when you 're talking value for your hard-earned gaming dollar , Oblivion is the hands-down champion .
 I bought Oblivion and was immediately hooked . I played this game for 8 + hours a day . The gameplay is great as well as the graphics . It 's by far the best graphics for a game for 360 . The best thing about this game imo is the flexibility to do what ever you want . If you want to join a guild and work your way up to the top you can or if you just want to go fight things and level , you can as well.After playing Oblivion for probably 2 weeks and becoming completely addicted . My game would freeze while trying to load it . At first i thought it was my Xbox . After further research i found out that it 's part of the game . Some games freeze and others do n't . Overall I give this game a 9.5 / 10 though .
 When I originally played Elder Scrolls III on the Xbox I said to myself , `` This is the best RPG I have ever played . '' The title has shifted to it 's successor . This game is truly amazing not only in it 's graphical presentation but also in the game play.If you have ever played a first person shooter then you will enjoy this game . It 's practically a FPS but with a sword and a shield . The quest are of course easy to very difficult , but if you get the RECOMMENDED strategy guide -LRB- will save you from stress and anger -RRB- the game is very enjoyable.With all said this game gave me 122 hours of fun and enjoyment . Highly recommend and I ca n't wait for part V.
 with the current gaming industry spilling out games that run 8 to 10 hours , and have no replay value -LRB- even on XBOX Live , where multiplayer only lives until the next big game comes out -RRB- nice to see Bethesda cranking out another Elder Scrolls that is very deep , immersive , and best of all , hours and hours and hours of gameplay.well worth the money . maybe the only game i have n't thought twice about spending $ 60 on , versus the $ 50 from the previous generation 's titles .
 I 've never been much of an RPG fan but with all the rave reviews Oblivion was getting I had to give it a shot . Wow im glad I did ! Such a unbelievable game . I 've never been sucked so deep into a game since the original Tomb Raider came out for the PS1 !! You can travel and explore every square inch of land as far as the eye can see , and what really impressed me was that no 2 people playing the game will have the same experience ... your actions have consiquences , much like in real life.WORD OF WARNING
 This is the kind of game that you can play , and play and play . Time goes by fast when you play this game as well . Recomended for anyone , I was n't into these types of games until i played oblivion e.s. and now i love them .
 I know , I know ... everybody loves this game , right ? Well there 's a reason for that . Oblivion is a superb game . Along with Gears of War it is an absolute must buy for any 360 owner regardless of genre preference . The grapics , gameplay , and storyline are all extremely tight.That being said there are a few downsides but they are nearly all in comparison to the prior episode in the series , Morrowind . 1 -RRB- The number of factions within the game is reduced . This naturally reduces the number of questions , storyline interactions , etc. 2 -RRB- Between the various factions there is n't the same level of consequence . In certain quest of Morrowind , completing the quest either got you expelled from another faction or prevented you from join it . This added a more realistic feeling and made you get more creative in quest completions . 3 -RRB- Training has been extremely limited . You 're only limited to 10 total training levels per character level . This may just be me but I do n't particularly like that.The other two things are more personal preference . The `` level '' of enemies and items can go either way . I see why Bethesda did it but I liked the other way better . The other thing is a lack of multiplayer . I do n't personally want a multiplayer aspect in this type of game but some people might.Again , overall a fantastic game . Definately a must buy .
 I 've had this game for roughly a month now , and have played 70 hours worth of it already . I am no where near being close to finishing it . I downloaded some free content -LRB- Mahrunes Razor Quest -RRB- , and that took me about 12-15 hours to pass . Game is absolutely brilliant . Oblivion would get my vote for Game of the Year 2006 . Considering I also own Gears of War , that is saying quite a bit .
 Oblivion has so many ways to experience it , it is almost mind-numbing . The game world is vast and there are loads of places to explore in it . Your character can be so many different things and it 's entirely up to you . I have a long way to go to `` finish '' this game , but I look forward to all of it . The graphics are beautiful and things are always changing that show them off . Stars crawl slowly across the sky at night and weather changes convincingly . Fights can be very challenging and are always fun to engage in . Oblivion is truly an experience and should not be missed by someone looking for an engrossing experience that will truly be worth your $ 60 investment .
 This game is awsome the best i have ever played . I am proud to be an xbox 360 owner I tricked my mom into buying this because the old version was teen but it is now rated mature . It is a new massive world that you can what ever you want in the midevil times . It is a must buy for ANY GAMER .
 Elder Scrolls IV
 One of the most common complaints about The Elder Scrolls III
 There is so much to like about this game , I do n't think I need to elaborate any more than what has already been said on these reviews . The only thing I think they would need to improve on in the next sequel is : - A multiplayer feature - More than 5 voice-overs for the NPCsThis game plays so much better than Morrowind mostly due to the travel form option in maps , and the elimination of spells that force you to remedial tasks -LRB- such as sap strength which forces you to run naked back to town and cure yourself if you do n't have a potion to increase strength -RRB- . This game truly gives you freedom of choice in what you wish to do . There is n't anything I can say more that others in these reviews have pointed out . If you like RPGs , this is the game to buy for the 360 .
 i do not own this game but my uncle deos -LRB- im using my moms acount -RRB- and it is like the best game in the world i was obsessed and now that i have 360 i have HAVE HAVE !!! to get it xD i would buy it its worth the money and i love it . it is so good . RAWR . sry about that . so like i was saying its the best -LRB- im almost 13 ! -RRB-
 video games are not for me . for what it is , this game seems good , though .
 good game , i got a little to addicted for a while though , got more than 100 hours -LRB- including sidequests -RRB-
 As an adult gamer , I truly enjoyed this game . The breadth and depth of everything from character creation , character evolution , the Oblivion world and gameplay are remarkable . I highly recommend this game to anybody whose looking to kill more than 100 hours on a game .
 I became interested in this game while watching my son , Casey , play . I began playing myself shorly thereafter . It is a great game and the shipping time from Amazon was very quick.The game has given both Casey and myself hours of enjoyment.caseyb12@comcaast.net
 I bought this game about a year ago and I tried to murder someone in the game , then the guards came , it is a very interactive game . If you do a crime the guards give you three options # 1 , you can go to jail . # 2 , you can resist arrest . # 3 , you can pay gold . I usually resist arrest or go to jail , but if you go to jail you actually are in a cell until you either sleep on a bed in prison or pick the lock to escape and probably die , but also if you ask the people about `` rumors '' they always say something different unless you go back and immediately talk again . I also like how there are sometimes ruins underwater and many towns , cities , camps and even people just wandering around . If you like Morrowind , you will enjoy this game , probably because Bethesda made both of them . But , if you turn into a vampire longer than two or three days and you have n't fed and you talk to someone they will scream and run away . I recommend buying it
 When I bought my 360 this was one of the first games I got , to get my game repertoire moving . Well it started moving and that was my fingers , until they got glued to the controller . Lets face it , the game can be addicting , period!The world you play in is so vast , very realistic with highly intuitive controls . They take some getting use to but soon you find yourself throwing fireballs and casting magic spells on enemies or just random people , with ease . I regrettably had to sell my 360 awhile back , and never even got the opportunity to beat it . This game can be a bit lengthy due to the freedom you have , you can go off course for days and just get lost in this world . Oblivion has Great Music , Great Controls , superb Graphics , and the game play is topnotch . I 'm definitely going to buy another 360 , probably when the Jasper comes out in August , 08 ' . Then I can finally get the chance beat it !
 The title says it all , this game is the most extensive game you will EVER play . With at least 250 hours of gameplay , 1,000 NPCs , 9 cities , and countless numbers of ruins , caves , and creatures , you might never stop playing Oblivion.Graphics - 9/10 . Spectacular . No other game I can think of has made me stop and just take a minute to look at the world around me . I might see a dear running throw a meadow , or a giant mountain off in the distance . Whatever you might come across , it will look fantastic . However , I 've given this a 9 , because the game does n't use lighting all that well , as the game 's 9 cities can appear , at night , quite hideous . While the graphics do come across slightly dated after 2 years , it 's easy to forgive the few textures that are n't quite up to par because the world is just so huge that it would have been near impossible to make the entire map perfect . Another note about the graphics - When you are in a conversation with a NPC , you 'll notice how stiff and cold the facial expression comes off , if you talk to a few NPCs , you 'll notice that they all seem to have the same facial expression.Sound - 10/10 . The sound is actually very impressive in oblivion . While wandering around aimlessly in the countryside , a nice , calm , melodic theme will be accompanying you in your travels , but if you happen to come across a non-friendly character of any kind , a more up-beat music will kick in , to let you know to be on high alert . Also , you might notice the subtle changes in the sound that your feet make as you transition from dirt , to mud , to grass and so on . This is fairly impressive , because there is a countless amount of terrain put into Oblivion , and it all has high quality sound.Customization - 9/10 . Again , the word extensive comes up . There is so many ways to make your character unique . There are 10 different races , including Argonian , Breton , High Elf , Wood Elf , Nord , Redguard , Orc , etc. . All of the ten different races have there own specific attributes that go with them . For example , Argonians have the ability to breathe underwater , while Wood Elves have the ability to summon small beasts to fight for them . After choosing a race , you go through a fairly extensive appearance customization , where you can change your characters Hair , face , body , and more . The appearance customization could be a bit deeper , as there are only limited choices in some of these categories . After a while of playing a game , you are forced to chose a birth sign and a class in which to be a part of . I was thoroughly impressed with the number of classes you get to choose from , and the game even gives you the ability to create your own . Each class has on specialization -LRB- perhaps magic , or blade -RRB- , 2 favored attributes , and 7 major skills . You will want to choose these according to what race your character is , as it greatly affects the game . The way you level up is by using each of your 7 major skills , until you have increased them by 10 points total . Say one of your major skills is marksman , simply use your bow more to increase that skill . This plays a big role in determining what you will be fighting with , whether it be a Sword , Bow , Magic , etc. . This leads to the next category.Fighting System - 6/10 . The first time you click the right trigger to swing your weapon , there is a good chance you might burst out laughing , like we did . Frankly , it looks pathetic while you are fighting with an object that requires swinging , especially from the 1st person view . Of course , Oblivion has so much else to offer , that you will get use to this and just except it as part of the game . Besides the standard sword fighting , you can use a bow , or cast magic , which is actually quite fun , and very satisfying . What you fight with is a big part in the success you will have in killing enemies . For example , if you are the typical quick character , an enchanted mace might not be the best thing for you to use . Perhaps a dagger , or bow would be better for that character . Customization also plays a role in fighting , as you might be fighting with an enchanted weapon , or fighting in enchanted armor . If you have completed the necessary steps in the Mages ' Guild to gain access to the Arcane University , you will have the ability to create your own enchantments . Of course , you can pick up standard enchanted weapons , but it truly is fun playing with a weapon that you know , you helped to create.Gameplay - 5/10 . While I may not like the fighting system , it is definitely not the biggest problem in Oblivion . The game has MAJOR problems with loading times , screen tearing , frame-rate and items not loading completely loading into the world . Often , especially on horseback , you may be stopped in the middle of playing with a notice that says `` loading area '' . Also , it can not be stretched enough , that this game is riddled with glitches . Some actually can benefit you , but most of the time , they are just very frustrating , and a huge annoyance . The most famous glitch that can benefit you is the `` Dorian Money Glitch '' , in which you can rob a man an unlimited amount of times , leading to an unlimited amount of money . That glitch helps you if you so choose to use it , but we 've experienced the pain of playing through an Oblivion Gate , only for us to not be able to pick up the Sigil Stone required to close the gate . On the plus side , when you are lucky enough to be roaming the land without a frame-rate drop , you have the ability to change from 1st person to 3rd person whenever you like , but it is clear that the game was meant to be played in 1st person , and typical RPG fans that like 3rd person play will be disappointed.Controls - 6/10 . Clunky is the best way to describe the controls . In the heat of battle , it often becomes necessary to change weapons , but this is eliminated because of the `` clunky '' controls . You have to use the D-pad to change weapons , and it is often difficult to select the correct weapon on your first try , as the game has it set up so weapons are not only up , down left , and right , but are on all the diagonal buttons in between . Personally , were not fans of A as the jump button either , as almost no other games we 've played have this.Story -LRB- s -RRB- - 10/10 . For me , the main story-line was n't incredible , but definitely good enough . Here 's the rundown on the main story - All over your land , gates to oblivion have opened and they threaten your entire world . The only way to stop this is to give the recently assassinated King 's son the `` Amulet of Kings '' , which has been taken to the hellish world of oblivion . You have to assist in getting it in many ways - maybe gather a few rare plants or stones , or even close one of the gates . Over time , you will dread going into the Oblivion Gates as you dread paying taxes . Actually , we stopped playing Oblivion entirely for a good long month , before forcing ourselves to start playing it again . The main quest can be frustratingly hard when you are forced to go into the dreaded Oblivion Gates , and this is when you have to start playing the game as a world , rather than a game . Just from a couple minutes of messing around with exploring , you will find that there is a countless number of side-quests , guilds , and people to meet and interact with . The major guilds you can join are the Fighters Guild , the Mages Guild , and the highly exclusive Thieves Guild . A problem for some people may be incentive to finish all of these quests , because it sure does n't feel like you are so high-and-mighty while in your guilds , even if names like `` master '' and `` champion '' are bestowed upon you from the guilds you are in . For beating the fighters guild , the only reward you get is a treasure chest filled with a limited amount of gold , and whatever items that you might have come across in your work for them , so this could surely be looked upon as an issue . Besides the guilds , you can fight in the Arena , and possibly do errands for the counts and countesses all across Cyrodill . While all this sounds all right , the side-quests are really , what separate Oblivion from other games . So many different side quests that can be done , though none of them are mandatory . There is just such a wide variety of these side-quests that it really is stunning to look back on in retrospect of doing them . You might have to clear a cave of Trolls , retrieve a sacred Sword , maybe even settle a squabble in a couple 's marriage - and of course you get rewarded well for partaking in these side quests . You can create your own path in the game , and it is obvious how much work went into all the different story lines.So , though the fighting system or loading times did n't impress us , this game has to be played . As a man from a very notable gaming magazine said - `` Oblivion is the best-looking game I have ever seen in my life '' . I 'm not going to go that far , but this game is easily the best RPG of 2006 , and will probably end up being one of the best , if not the best RPG to come out for the XBox 360 . This game is very deserving of a 9.1 / 10 in our opinions , and we ca n't wait for Elder Scrolls V to come out .
 First , this game is not for your average gamer . I play a ton of console games and Oblivion overwhemed me to the point that I would n't install the expansion disc till the 2nd time I played through it -LRB- I have the GOY edition -RRB- . Simply put , this is the best RPG experience available on the market . The graphics are brilliant , the music flows very well for a game that you can spend up to 300 hours playing , the voice acting is good , and the story lines are varied and involved . The game holds up so well graphically after two years and considering the story line and controls , its amazing more companies have n't attempted to emulate its successes.However , its easy to see why . Simply put , the game is massive . Apparently , the world itself is nearly 14 square miles , which is huge . Factor in the 150 plus dungeons , etc and there is a monumental amount to explore . The level of character customization is off the charts . A lot of it doesnt affect game play , but you can spend hours tweaking your character so he/she looks just right.The XP system is different from all others I 've played . Instead of earning `` XP '' from killing things and finishing quests , you level up by using your 7 `` Major skills '' . Go up a level in any combination of your 7 skills 10 times , and you level up . It 's complicated to explain , but easy to see once you sit down and look at the skill set you create for your character.Many of the complaints you will see about this game stem from the fact that it is so different from just about every other RPG out there . Other complaints include that it 's really complicated , or that the control scheme is difficult to grasp . Well , its a great game that can take a while to understand , but the rewards from playing this game are well worth the time you invest in it . I ca n't recommend this game enough .
 I 've only had my xbox360 for a few months now , but I 'm already a little discouraged when I read game reviews in magazines that determine if a game is good or not by how much blood and gore there is . I 'm also a little disappointed in the available titles for kids.What does that have to do with Oblivion ? I must set my focus so you know where I 'm coming from . I 'm middle aged and grew up with paper/pencil RPGs . I like games that have a lot to them , and I 'd like my kids to have some fun games to play.Oblivion is a RPG . Plain and simple.Some reviews claim it is too complex ... well , compared to some xbox titles i 've seen that is true . Compared to your typical PC RPG it is right on par.Some say it is big and boring . It is big , that is for sure . They crammed a lot into this game . Boring ? Not for me . I found myself being lulled into a bit of boredom , and then * whack * something would happen to bring the game back into focus.Some say the NPCs `` suck '' . Yeah , I concede that . This is a typical Morrowind game where the NPCs have some little story and you get to choose one of several responses . It does n't really matter which ones you choose because you will want to choose them all to make sure you did n't miss something . I found myself not even reading or listening to their talk ... I just clicked through it to see if a quest appeared.Terrain is something that is both impressive and a little silly . I loved the way the terrain looked , the contours , and elevations . Many times I 'd get to the top of a mountain and just watch the view for a while . On the other hand , there are plants all over and I found myself thinking that they took all the plants out of a landscaping software package and through them in.The one aspect of the game that was most annoying deals with theft . If you steal something you end up with a bounty on you almost instantly and regardless where you go the whole world knows you are a crook . I stole a horse and rode it across the map and then ditched it . Went to a city and was immediately attacked by the guards . Worse , when you go to click on someone to talk to them if you are n't positioned right you might steal something instead of talk ... and it is off to jail with you!Even with the problems -LRB- which included locking up my system a couple of times -RRB- this game is big , it is an RPG , and it is cheap . Given the current titles on the xbox360 , this is a winning combination for anyone who loves games that spent more time on the game and less on blood and guts graphics.Highly recommended .
 I purchased this game for my 15 year old son for Christmas . He had been wanting the PC version of it but there just was n't room on our computer . He did n't know he was getting an Xbox for Christmas and was very excited when we put this game with it . He has been playing it and says it is very fun .
 Elder Scrolls IV
 I bought this game years back when it first came out and had to rebuy it again for I did n't have it when I moved . I enjoyed this game for not only the best graphics but the enjoyment of playing and I 'm greatful that Amazon carried this game and many more items I 've purchased with this company . Thanks Amazon for having Oblivion and for me enjoying this game and many others out there that you do carry . I do trust your company and will definetly shop with you again .
 Oblivion is the most beautiful video game I 've ever played on the XBOX 360 . There 's something for everyone . Magic , action , romance , humor , murder , fantasy , spirituality , and mystery are all yours to experience in abundance . Amazing graphics . And do n't forget to try the duplication glitch ! ;-RRB- Happy hunting .
 This game is just outright awesome . I just hope they continue with the Elder Scrolls games .
 you should buy this game if you want a openended rpg or a quality game . the only thing is it was made as a sequel to a pc game . the menus and interface are relatively easy to use but much better on the pc . if you have the rig to run it , get it for the pc . if you dont , it works just fine on the xbox . just be aware that all the spell menus and stuff are harder to navigate with a gamepad than a mouse and keyboard . you 'll prolly love this game
 Tired of the monotony of getting up at 7 to get to Starbucks by 8 so you can be at work by 9 and turn that TPS report in by 5 ? Ca n't afford a nice vacation and the two weeks you do have off are spent with the in-laws ? Sounds like you need a second life!Welcome to the world of Oblivion!Imagine a fantasy world where you can do almost anything you want . Buy , sell , join Guilds , talk to people , be nice , be evil , save the world , live your vampire fantasies , fight in the arena ... whatever.Here 's what I thought of this world ... SOUND
 I have played Oblivion on both the PC and XBOX 360 , and the 360 version blows the other away.The controls work effortlessly . Even though it was designed as a computer game first , then released on 360 , it seems as though the controls were designed for a game controller . It is much easier and more efficient to play with the 360 's controller.Graphically , the game is amazing . If you have your 360 hooked up to a true HD TV , buy a hat and get ready to hold on to it ! It is still one of the best looking games out there . What 's more , I have experienced no drops in frame rate at all while playing the game . It always runs quite smoothly , allowing one to stay immersed in the experience . It is possible to play in either first - or third-person view , but I would definitely recommend first-person . Magic is hard to target in third-person view and I did n't get the same feeling of ` being there ' as in first-person mode.Two final things :1 -RRB- Downloading extra content is a breeze over XBOX Live . There are a couple of add-ons -LRB- one that adds spell tomes to loot in dungeons and elsewhere which teach you spells -RRB- that I felt really enhanced the game .2 -RRB- The game is now out on the Platinum Hits line for the 360 . I believe it was $ 25 or $ 30 , and it is worth every penny of that , and more .
 I 've hade the game for close to two years and I must say , this game has some much replay value it 's shocking . One of my save files on the game has a total of 144 hours clocked in . The massive numbers of quests to finish , items to find , battles to fight , and the add-on available through Xbox Live will keep gamers occupied for months on end.One gripe I do have about the game is the slow loading times in between gameplay . Hopefully in the next game , that particular problem is solved.Hopefully , you enjoy the game as much as I have.PARTY ON , DUDES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I must agree with everyone else on that this may be the best RPG to date , a must buy for any RPG lover
 Elder Scrolls IV OblivionThis has got to be one of the best games ever . Another marvelous journey through fantasy from Bethesda.Pros
 The greatest adventure role playing game of all time . You will find yourself completely immersed in the many layers of the Oblivion world for not just months , but years .
 This is an excellent game , although only for those who are willing to spend some time.You may have heard that the game world is huge . I am not sure that it is really that large , but what is amazing is how detailed it all is . Around every corner is something to discover that someone had to spend months building , even if it has no impact on the storyline of the game . This level of detail is plain amazing ! Even after you play through the main story line , there are tons of things to discover that could have been a whole game in itself.What is the downside ? Other than the commitment you are making , not much -LRB- assuming you like role playing games -RRB- . The game is very well done . I have not once encounterd a situation that was frustrating.Oh , the one thing that is a little nasty is the user interface brought over from the Xbox . Yikes ! You can download mods for that though ...
 This game is an extremely deep game that can be enjoyed on many levels ranging from meticulously developing your characters skills to simply slaughtering goblins in mines . HUGELY ADDICTIVE .
 I have basically been watching my husband play this game night and day ever since I bought him the Xbox 360 for Christmas . This is an awesome game from what I 've seen.Anyone into the RPG type games will absolutely love this game , no doubt about it .
 My friends were a geek about The Elder Scrolls III
 I actually bought this game for my son because I ruined his by shutting down the xbox while it was running and the oringianl one cost way more than what I paid for this one on Amazon .
 You can really get sucked into this game . I have about 85 hours of game play so far and havent even really started the main story line . The gameplay didnt change much from morrowind if you really liked that game . The character development is encompassing and outstanding .
 I 've had this game a couple of years and it is by Far the Best video game experience I 've had . I still play it ! This is a game where you can finish the main quest and can and will want to continue on playing . The only drawback is that there is not more ! When will this company get back to elder scrolls ?????? Fallout is really good but it feels like filler before the next Elder Scrolls comes around ...
 The game was exactly what i hoped for and i recieved it in near perfect condition in about 2 days .
 Despite all the pagan imagery and idolatry , I found this game very entertaining . I hope Jesus does too .
 Oblivion is the best video game I have ever bought for my son age 12-Unless you cheat and use a guide book there are hours and hours of interesting play . My son has played the game for two months and still has more stuff to find -- usually he finishes a video game in a couple of days of after school play and I feel we have wasted 60 bucks -- But oblivion is worth the money !! I also do n't mind watching him play the game-the more skilled he gets the stronger the monsters are that are sent against him so he has to work harder -- there are also consequences for actions in this game - breaking the rules can affect you making it harder to get through the game -- also diffrent actions can affect what weapons and tresures you find through out the game - it is n't always the same
 DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO HAVE TIME FOR ANYTHING ELSE !! It 's addictive . The in-game world is hugely sprawling and open-ended . It would take days -LRB- yes , IRL -LRB- in real life -RRB- days -RRB- just to wander around the country side and find all the little villages , towns , waterfalls , and other attractions/distractions , never mind the underground networks of caves and Ayleid ruins or the entirely separate plane of reality through the Oblivion gates.The best part is , it 's completely up to you to decide what to focus on . If you find , instead of fighting ugly monsters from other dimensions you 'd rather break into people 's houses and steal their stuff to sell in the markets you can do that . Not only can you do that , you can make a bonafide in-game career of it ! Or you could be a full-time explorer looking for exotic artifacts.My girlfriend and I have logged just over 400 hours playing this game and we 're not even hardcore gamers , it 's just that fun ! I 'm looking forward to Bethesda 's 2008 release of Fallout 3 , should be the best RPG ever if it 's anything like Oblivion .
 Its been a while since this game fist came out and I have just gotten my hands on it for the first time . Since its release there has been a graphical update to the game which will download as long as your xbox is connected to the internet . The game still looks great even compared to todays games and the sound is quite good also.The best thing about this game is the variety of things you can do . There is a main quest that you can jump into , but you are n't required to . You can choose to search through the towns for quest to participate in or just search the world of oblivion for items . Character customization is very in depth allowing you to create a very personalized character suited for the way you like to play . The quest are fun and varied and allow you to solve them in different ways most of the time.There are a few qualms I have with this game . One is that many of the main characters have the same voice . Another thing is that sometimes quests can get repetitive , but if you get sick of your current quest you can always just find another one . The game can also be a little glitchy in some places . For example , if you just of certain cliffs you can get stuck between rocks and be unable to move , forcing you to reload your game -LRB- fortunately you can save anywhere -RRB- . Load times can also be a problem if you 're of the impatient type . Overall , the good of this game overcomes any these issues.This is a game where you could easily throw lots of time into because of the huge ammount of possibilities . If you just follow the main quest the game could be beat relatively quickly , about 20 hours , but then you would miss out on a lot of fun of the game . If you 've missed out on this game until now find a copy and pick it up . Its a good game that just about anyone can enjoy .
 The graphics in this game are amazing for the xbox 360 . There are many different detailed environments and the scenery is vast and beautiful . The game is different for everyone that plays it . There are so many options and every choice changes the gameplay in some way . I have been playing since December and still love the game . I have not stolen anything or killed anyone . I like to think of my character as being `` good . '' I have finished the main quest and have advanced in the mages guild and fighters guild , I even own a few houses . I will soon start the game over with a new character that will be `` bad '' and I will make different choices , join different guilds , and will steal and kill to get ahead.I have been playing for 8 months and I still like the game . Hopefully there will be another great Elder Scrolls game by the time I get bored with it . I also have never had it freeze and the loading time is not long at all . The worst thing that has happened is that I am addicted and it takes up alot of my time . If you like RPGs then you should LOVE this game .
 Outstanding game , wildly addictive . The graphics are amazing on my 40 '' Bravia . Plenty of things to keep you entertained in this game -- main plot missions , silly smaller missions , guilds , house buying -- and I 've only begun to scratch the surface . No buyer 's remorse here !
 I picked up this game and started playing seamlessly . If you 're a fan of RPGs , you 'll absolutely fall in love with this game . It 's just amazing . I picked up the controller and actively started playing with no problems at all ; learning on-the-fly how to control your character , how to access menus , how to equip and use items , it 's just seamless . Everything is exactly as it should be . It 's just breathtaking to play . Fun , beautiful , exciting , engrossing , it 's all there . Best game I 've ever played !
 I started playing this game sometime around October of '06 and now its Feb 22nd '07 and I just finnished every quest . Now I did n't play it every day and there were several weeks that I did n't play at all , but on average I would say I played for several hours 3-4 days a week , that 's how long this game is ! Its addictive , fun and one of the few games where you can really get creative in how you complete the game . Just being able to complete each individual quest can take hours if you really want to take your time and play the quest to its full extent , and there are dozens of quests to complete . On top of all that once you complete all the quests you can still play the game and continue to seek riches and fight enemies and creatures , fight in the arena and much more . If youre into fantasy and rpg games you 'll love this game . Honestly I never was into rpg 's prior to this game , I was always more interested in 1st person shooters , but now my attitude has changed , this game broke me of that rut and I 'm thrilled I took the chance and started playing it . I ca n't wait for the next one to come out !
 The best thing about Oblivion is its open ended nature . The worst thing about Oblivion is its open ended nature . I 've been playing the game on and off for months and months without making much progress . Instead of worrying about moving forward through the quests I 've just casually explored the massive world that is Oblivion . Nevertheless I am enjoying myself.Graphics are top-notch on my 47 '' Samsung LCD at 720p . The world itself is beautifully rendered . Character development is about what an old-time RPGer like me would expect - enjoyable and pretty standard . The variety of characters that can be developed is well rounded but I do n't think Oblivion will have a high replay value . Luckily I have an expansion pack waiting.This game is perfect for the patient , methodical gamer who loves fantasy and progressive character development . There are lots of texts to read and a real system and logic to how you develop as you move through the game . Oblivion is probably not a good choice for the ADD/ADHD 30-second attention span types .
 I kept putting off writing a review of Elder Scrolls IV - Oblivion until I 'd really finished the game . I finally had to just write it , because the game is so HUGE . This is a game you could literally play for years.First off , your character . You could literally spend an hour or more tweaking your character to fit your playing needs . There are numerous races , each with their own look , feel , strengths and weaknesses . You can be male or female . You have a TRILLION options to customize the eyes , hair , cheekbones , ears , skin tone , age , nose , chin , you name it . I doubt that any two players could come up with the exact same character if they tried . It 's quite impressive , and it really helps you to relate to your character.You are thrown immediately into the story . You 're in a jail cell , but are allowed to escape because of political intrigue . You spend the first few hours of the game in the dark cellars beneath the castle , learning how to fight rats and other smaller critters . Soon , though , you are launched into the outer world , and what a world it is!This is truly a spectacular experience , especially if you have a large , high definition TV . The world is `` real '' - there are tons of places to go , people to interact with , sunsets to watch , forests to wander through . All characters have their own schedules , their own lives . What you choose to do is completely up to you . Join up with the soldiers - or join the mage group . Become an assassin - or carve a path completely of your own.The world you 're in feels `` real '' . The quests you go on are different depending on your race , your background , the things you have already done . There 's no need to speed through here - the whole point is to go slowly , to develop your character and your world . There is so much complexity to this game that you could play for months and still not have explored every corner , or tried every option.The sound is just as stellar - from the voices to the background noises , you really feel like you are there in the world.Highly recommended - a must have for any RPG fan .
 Simply put
 I bought Oblivion when it was first released . I played it for a couple of days and put it up until just last month . I decided to play it again and I am hooked . I just did n't give it much time to catch my interest but I can honestly say that I am sorry I did n't . This is the deepest game I have ever played . I have 35 hours into it and it is going on strong . I had read that there is about 400 hours of gameplay if you play all the side quests , and if you have Live , there is a good deal of downloadable content to add even more game time . I can honestly say that this is one game that warrants buying the game guide to help you through . The graphics are simply beautiful . I can see why this took over 5 years to create . There is such a variety of landscapes to see . You will travel through the forests , through ruins , town and villages . You will go underground in caverns , catacombs and tunnels . You will fight everything from bandits , thugs , warriors to ghosts , skeletons , trolls , vampires and a variety of wildlife such as bears , wolves , lions . You can go on many side quests and enter guilds . You also travel to Oblivion , which is like traveling to hell . I am only touching the surface here . There is simply too much to try to describe here in this summary . You have to put thought into everything you do but not so much that it drags the game down with too much responsibility . I still have a long ways to go before I complete the game but just what I have done has been a lot of fun . It is probably the closest game I have ever played that can pull me to that world , much like reading a good book and getting yourself lost in it . There is really too much game here for a rental . It may honestly take many months to beat this game . Enjoy it and remember that the further you get into the game , the more fun it becomes . Enjoy .
 I bought this game about a year ago and I just finished the main quest about three days ago . Simply put , this may be one of the best , if not the absolute best , role playing games I have ever played.There is so much to see and do in this game that I just do n't have the space to write it all out here . Besides the main quest , you can join guilds , help out the citizens in the towns and cities with favors , scour the land for a cure to vampirism , steal for the poor , kill an entire village ... and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . Endless amounts of treasure , weapons , items and monsters to dispose of make this game an experience in its own right.This game really succeeds in creating mood and atmosphere . Whether travelling across an open field or exploring a dark dungeon underneath the city , the graphics and surround sound will help put you right in the middle of the moment . For example , the world of Oblivion is a world where portals to another dimension and the creatures coming out of them threaten the lives of its inhabitants and of all existence . Whenever you come across one of these Oblivion gates , the music slowly becomes more menacing and the skies slowly begin to turn red with thunder and lightning crashing overhead . If you really let yourself get taken in by this game , just the sight of one of these gates will send a little chill down your spine.If there are any problems I have with the game , it 's that the loading can get a little annoying at times . Sometimes it 'll load quickly and sometimes it 'll go quite slow . There are plenty of load times in this game and I noticed on some spare occasions that the game crashed on me in the middle of a load . Thankfully , the game autosaves quite frequently , so in the case of a game crash , you wo n't really be getting screwed by losing hours and hours of playtime.I have n't even mentioned all the downloadable extras that you can get from Xbox Live , especially the just released expansion pack , `` Shivering Isles '' , which I have just started playing and promises well over 30 + hours of game time . Add this to the 200 + hours you can get out of Oblivion by itself and that 's a lot of time you 'll be spending with this fascinating adventure . That 's the great thing about this game . Even when you think you 're done with it , there 's still much more to do.If you are in any way a fan of RPGs , this one is well worth it .
 My husband convinced me to start playing games in the hopes that I would play other games with him . Instead , I got so immersed in Oblivion -LRB- and so set in my ways -RRB- that no other game seems fun ! This is my first game since playing Space Invaders on Atari , and I have to say , it is amazingly fun . I see lots of comments about graphics , and they are beautiful , but the best part of this game is the sheer freedom to explore . Even opening barrels and picking up ingredients from plants is so cool.I 'm on my third character , and have played from the warrior , mage and mixed perspective , and it 's all awesome . As your strengths increase , the strengths of your enemies increase as well . The one issue I have with this is that run-of-the-mill goblins take more effort to kill than Xivilai -LRB- very high-level Daedra -RRB- ; I find this unrealistic . As far as your character goes , the sky 's the limit . You can play a completely good character , a completely evil character , or employ characteristics of both sides . The creation tool where you get to choose everything from the shape of the nose to the shade of lipstick is creatively satisfying.I have played the Shivering Isles expansion , and find it just as fun and fascinating as the main game . I downloaded this expansion , as well as Mehrunes 's Razor , Knights of the Nine and the Orrery from Xbox live , and am very happy with each purchase . As I am a beginner , each new game adds hours of play time.I play on Xbox 360 and am impressed not only with the beautiful graphics , ease of play and first-person action , but also the speed with which the game loads and saves throughout . The only problem I 've encountered is that the game freezes for no apparent reason every once in a while - so I save a lot !! I recommend this game highly for any beginner . Aside from the very beginning where you 're faced with exiting the royal sewers , there is no constraint or pressure , and no time-sensitive quests until you level up a bit . You 're completely free to wander through all the towns -LRB- excluding Kvatch -RRB- , plundering barrels and crates , picking ingredients from plants , talking to townsfolk and increasing mercantile skills -LRB- and sneak and security , too , if you 've a mind to shoplift -RRB- . To increase your fighting skills , hang out on the waterfront all around the imperial city and fight mudcrabs.Bottom line , I have played for hours , created three characters , and have not run out of things to do or finished every quest . Whether you 're a serious gamer -LRB- like my husband -RRB- or a beginner with little to no hand-eye coordination -LRB- like me -RRB- , you will more than likely find in Oblivion exactly what you 're looking for in a game .
 I 'd give this game more stars if I could . I rented this one to see what all the hype is about , and actually * had * to return it so I could start sleeping again . Its that immersive . The environment is HUGE . There are literally thousands of places to visit and things to do . If you wanted to just wander around picking flowers and hunting sunsets , you could actually do exactly that . Weather changes , the sun rises and sets , people carry out lives ... you get the real sense that there 's a world moving around you while you go about the business of killing bad guys , learning to pick locks , and finding newer and better treasures and weapons . Quests are useful and well-managed within the interface . NPC all live their own lives - in one case I tried robbing a store ... the next day I actually overheard a conversation between two NPC talking about how the store was robbed !!! Seriously ! * Bethesda pulled an excellent trick with this game - if you 'd like , you can just play and the game learns and adapts to you . -LRB- Original character specialty is tailored to the way * you * play the tutorial . Levels happen in the background , and based on how you play . Etc. -RRB- If you want to get into the mechanics of leveling up , skills development , etc you certainly can , and its * extremely * deep and well thought-out . * Technically , as someone who 's never played this type of game before I found that everything was easy to understand . That 's saying something . * Easy interface , well-laid out and accessible . * Character creation and development system is rediculously deep while still being intuitive . * Immersive , living enviroment - weather , 24 hour days , NPCs with actual lives , habits , and personalities * Graphics are crisp and clean * Lots to do - you 'll never be bored by this game . You can fast-travel across the map in the time of a loading screen , or you can walk/ride from point A to point B and see everything in between . -LRB- And there 's a lot to see . -RRB- Very well done . Get this game , but only if you have the willpower to resist it . Otherwise , kiss your life goodbye for a while ...
 Oblivion is a true gaming achievement , not just for the developers , but for the gamers . Bethesda places you inside a virtual , fantasy world and let 's you do whatever you want . It 's freedom in the truest sense of gaming.The size of this game is astonishing . There is literally miles of scenery , cities , dungeons , lakes , rivers , hills , roads , and so on to explore , ranging from snowy peaks to dank swamps . It 's your choice whether to procede on the official storyline or go on your own . Similarly , it is your choice whether to tackle the -LRB- seemingly -RRB- limitless quests , or simply go exploring on your own . You can join guilds , make your own spells , enchant your own armor/weapons , fight in the area ; the amount of sheer stuff to do is almost overwhelming.Besides the freedom to do whatever you want , you can also create your own character with an in-depth system skill sets , physical features , and abilities . Want to be a roguish lizard-like creature who sneaks in the shadows and silently assassinates people ? You can do that . Want to be a tankish Orc who simply smashes the brains of anything in his path ? You can do that . Want to be an elf with highly destructive magical powers ? Yep , you can do that too.Oblivion is a true gaming accomplishment , but unfortunately it has a few blemishes which prevents it from being truly brilliant.For starters , the leveling system is flawed . You simply have to pay way too much attention to which skills you 're leveling , so you can get the most out of your level up , which really takes away from Oblivion 's otherwise excellent immersion factor . What 's worse is , if you do n't pay attention , your character may end up being too weak to fight off your enemies , since with each new level all the enemies become stronger to balance out the difficulty.The other strike against the game is combat . For an RPG , it is simply too ... simple . As a mage/archer , all you really do is shoot arrows/spells and run away . As a warrior it 's the opposite approach , charge in and smash skulls . There 's very little strategy here , and the AI is rather bad . It 's too easy to take advantage of stupid AI that it 's hard to play `` fair '' with them.And finally , to wrap up , Oblivion is an explorer 's fantasy come to life ... through a video game . There is simply so much to see I think it would actually be impossible to see everything . I think if Bethesda wants to challenge themselves they should make a game based entirely on exploration and leave the combat out of it . It would be risky , but I 'm sure they could pull it off .
 This game is the absolute best game ever made . Better than the halo series , half life series , the final fantasy series and any other so called best games ever mad . This game wins hands down in every catagory . Let me tell you something else first . I have morrowind and that game was an all right game to say the most . The graphics were bad , physics bad , and you could not hit the damn guy with any weapon or magic . I swung 30 times before damage actually took effect on the person . I played it for about 6 hours and then suddenly put this un-user friendly game back on he shelf , never to play it again . Then I get a x-360 and an HD LCD TV . So I picked up Oblivion to see if the game could par better than morrowind . The game is absolutely incredible . for 1 , in hd the game is the most beautiful game ever made , the draw distance and textures are superb and the frame rate is solid . The physics engine used in this game is the same engine used in half life 2 and halo , so I knew the physics would be great , and they were . I hit the enemies evry time , actually feeling my sword impact there bodies . The musical score is also superb with no flaws and so is the story . there are hundreds of quest with over 200 hours of gameplay . im now at 20 hours and i cant put the game down . If you have a 60 , whether you like rpgs or not , you need this perfect game , which is better than WoW in every possible way . Get this game , you owe it to yourself .
 Amazing . I was never the biggest fan of Morrowind , I just could n't get into it as much . I do own the game but I never got much out of it . When I picked up Oblivion , it was totally different and GREAT . A great RPG game.The graphics in this game are amazing point blank . If your out in the wilderness , and just look out really far everything is REALLY detailed , the people are detailed , and everything little thing you can think of is . The company really put time into the graphics , so fans of graphics will love this game.The sound , is really good throughout the game . It sets the tone for everything going on , even though it gets in the way sometimes while talking I have the music turned off so all I hear is what im doing or people . But it has a good tone for the music.The controls are GREAT . The fighting with swords , bow control everything is good and controlled well . The use of magic is easy , overall the controls are set great and I havent had an issue with it yet.The fun factors of this game are crazy . Unless you play this game all day everyday , it will take you a WHILE to beat it . There are a bunch of things you can do in this game . Like , raid dungeons , kill bandits , steal items from them and so on . You can just roam the whole Cyrodill and find hidden places . There is a `` main quest '' in the game , which is the main storyline . It has a great concept , but is kinda short 2 me , but thats ONLY the main quest . There are so many other quests out there its crazy . There is a Dark Brotherhood group you can join -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , Theives Guild -LRB- which has great benefits -RRB- , Fighters Guild -LRB- good for building fame -RRB- , Mages Guild -LRB- good for magic -RRB- . Then after finishing all those side quests , you can do miscellaneous quests , like for single people and so on . A lot of them are fun and can benefit you in certain ways.One thing I found fun was getting your `` sneak '' level up , by doing this it makes it REALLY easy for you to pickpocket people , and also steal from stores easier . You can do this to get extra GOLD etc , but i 'd recommend doing Theives Guild quests before doing so so you can sale them the stolen items -LRB- basically the only ones that will buy it from you -RRB- . Once you get your player to a LEVEL 10 , go to the NOCTURNAL SHRINE and to the quest , by finishing this you will get the SKELETON KEY which will allow you do open ANY chest , door , or anything locked without the risk of breaking pick locks :--RRB- . Also , the variety of the type of character you can choose is NICE , you can choose from a variety of different races , with different skills and attributes . Right now my person is a Dark Elf -LRB- pretty good to start with I think -RRB- . Overall , I highly reccomend this game to any RPG fans , and any people that love long games with a high amount of variety!Peace .
 Well what can I say , first person shooter meet roll playing game . This is the first game I played on my Xbox 360 and I am now tainted for life and addicted to this game . Nothing will equal the depth of this game for some time to come . The graphics are beautiful . The ability to do almost anything you can think of or travel there for that matter is something I never experienced on my old PS2 . The story line is only part of the game . You are not bound to follow it if you do n't want to . It will be there when you are ready . There are a massive number of side quests you can complete and factions to associate your character with and even more to download on Xbox Live . I have been playing about 10 hours a week for the last four months and have reached over level 40 . I am still not finished , I am not sure you can finish this game . I you are looking for bang for your buck this is the place . Just listen to my warning ... once you start this game there is no turning back !!
 Well here we are , Oblivion IV ... Well I 'm not gon na mix words here
 I tried this game and i really enjoyed it . I never really play RPGs but i fell in love with this game . I got this in early summer and played it nearly non-stop until the begining of the school year . When people say you do n't want to put this game down trust me you dont want to . This game is so much fun i ended up buying the shivering isles which was also great . Also , as your player levels up so do the enemies so you cant go around killing everyone in one hit . I really liked this game and it is so cheap now it is definitely worth a pick up . The only problem i had with the game are the loading times . Holy crap this annoyed me . When you try to save a game it can take a very long time . That is the only problem i had with this game . I love this game .
 This game is absolutely fantastic . The graphics are so sharp and rich that you feel like you 're in the game . Beyond that , there 's so much to do that even if you get bored with the plot -LRB- which is actually fairly interesting - you 're basically stopping gates to Hell from opening all over the countryside -RRB- , you can still do hundreds of mini-missions . This is also one of those games that you can spend 8 hours playing without even realizing it . Be careful with your timing when you get into this - make sure you have WEEKS free so you do n't fail out of classes or get fired - it 's that good !
 I 've been playing this for months and it is far and away my favorite.I do suggest that if you have an HD TV that you make sure your xbox 360 is turned up to the highest HD your TV supports . we did n't know there was a setting for that -LRB- xbox setting not game setting -RRB- , but after we adjusted it the quality level of the graphics increased dramaticly.There are tons of add-ins in the xbox marketplace , some free some for a fee . They just added a couple of new ones recently . I do suggest the guid book , not the `` cheet '' but there are just so many quests that the book will help you make sure you do n't miss any and its also helpful in understanding some of the mechanics of the game.Strategy Guide
 I loved this game I still havent finshed it because Im too busy doing all the other fun things it has to offer . You play the orginal storie line but you can also do other things like join guilds go on missions and side quests . The guilds are fun Ive only tried the mages so far but theres a fighters and much more I sugest you get the game guide with this so you know all the things you can do with it so you will have houres of fun . Its only problems is its a lill bugy and its controls are hard to get ues to but thoses things are easy to get over . Have Fun
 if you have n't purchased a copy yet , do so . best time killer i 've played in a long time , especially for a single player game
 Im not good at writing these things . All i can say is if you love the RPG genre as much as i do you NEED to buy this game . The only thing i dont like is the load times , but i know it is a small sacrifice for the HUGE world and insanly awesome graphics .
 Best action rpg ever , best graphics on a console rpg , and arguably the best game on xbox 360 . Its worth every penny this game is going down in history . You cant go wrong with this game unless you to simple to understand it .
 Here we go . Never been a big fan of any specific genre of game . I play em all equally , but RPG games just havent been on my scope for the past couple of years . After all the hoopla about Oblivion , I said what the hell , so I went ahead and grabbed it . I would say that all the hype was real . Been playing for around 30 + hours now , and I still have n't even joined a guild , or did any missions . Just roaming around doing random things , so I know for a fact I 'm going to get my moneys worth out of this one.The only reason I rate it 4 stars overall , is because even though it seems to be a pretty vast game , the map is actually a bit small for my liking . Hell , I cant even wander into the Black Marsh . Kudos to the developers of this one , just next time expand the world a bit .
 This game is by far the best RPG I have ever played and I hate RPG 's . But with its endless hours of quests and hours of main story line it does n't even feel like an rpg . This game takes 100 hrs + to just finish it and if you have xbox live there is an expansion that cost roughly $ 25 but it worth every penny . GET IT NOW !!!
 Best RPG game ever made , 100 % genius.I do n't really know how to define Shenmue 2 . I 'll just say it 's a fighting/adventure game with RPG elements . Shenmue 2 , however , is a game that defies categorization . Sure , it incorporates fighting , but that 's only a fourth or third of the game . The rest you spend exploring Hong Kong . Although Shenmue 2 does not fit into a particular game genre , it is still a very good game.Shenmue 2 is -LRB- pretty obviously -RRB- a sequel to Shenmue . Luckily for those who have n't played Shenmue 1 , there is a movie that consists of most of the first game 's cut scenes so new players will not be confused . It 's not the most exciting or entertaining movie , but it gets the job done . The main story of Shenmue 2 is that you play Ryo Hazuki , a Japanese teenager whose father was killed by a mysterious martial arts master named Lan Di . Ryo must travel to China to avenge his father 's death . The story is not just one of revenge , but also of a boy growing into a man . As Shenmue 2 is just a part in a series of games , Ryo does not avenge his father 's death in this game , instead you must settle for defeating some of the killer 's associates.Presentation -LRB- Story and Design -RRB-
 Well I just want to drop a review and tell you that this game is really awesome , if you love RPG games and have a X-Box i do n't see any reason why you would n't love this game , the graphics are great , gameplay is fun everything about the game is awesome!I love this game , thiers really no point of me explaining what the game is about you can just read the other review , it pretty much explains it all , i just want to back that review up and tell you this game is really is sweet !
 I just finished Sims2 Pets for Game Boy Advance -LRB- well , I won the final competition but the game tells me it 's only 96 % completed ; I 'm not sure what else to do -RRB- so it 's time to review . I ca n't get enough Sims games for gba . Since Pets is a Sims game , I enjoyed it but not as much as I enjoyed The Urbz , Bustin ' Out , and Sims 2 . The following is how I compare Pets to the other Sims games.I do not recommend owning pets in The Urbz and Bustin ' Out as they are just mess makers and are not fun to have at all -LRB- except to watch the monkey butler clean up their mess -RRB- . In this game , of course , you are forced to own a pet but there is a purpose . You teach your pet tricks to compete in competition . These competitions consist of timing games -LRB- like the guitar game in Bustin ' Out -RRB- . Certain keys -LRB- Left , Right , arrow keys , ` A ' , ` B ' -RRB- move up the screen and you have to press them at the right time . The more difficult tricks your pet learns -LRB- flips , yoga , fire breathing -RRB- , the more challenging the timing as you may have to hold one key down with one hand while pressing a tricky combination of keys with the other , etc. -RRB- . Before competing , you need to `` teach '' your pet the trick by repeating commands and praising or scolding the pet appropriately . There are only 4 jobs . One is the competitions , the others are walking animals , destroying fleas and other nasties at the vet clinic , and parapsychology -LRB- a strange and challenging game -RRB- at the cemetery . Unlike other Sims games , you advance by amassing a certain amount of earnings , so you do n't have to be super good at anything to advance , but the jobs -- except parapsych -- are not difficult.The communication style is different again . Here , icons move across the screen and you choose one . They could be topics of conversation , juggling acts , smiley or angry faces , rock-paper-scissors games , etc. so there is more variety but the characters , to me , seem much more impersonal than in Bustin ' Out and Urbz . There are none of the familiar characters like Dusty Hogg and Giuseppi Mezzoalto . You can not live with anyone either . You can change your popularity very easily , though . Usually picking the faces will work -LRB- some characters like the evil faces but most like the happy ones -RRB- . There is usually a blank row , so you can be selective . I went from a-50 popularity all the way to +100 in a single conversation.The one thing that really bugs me about the game is that , no matter where you save , you always end up back at your house when you restart the game . That 's annoying . Also , once you move to a better house , your pet wo n't stay at home anymore and is constantly underfoot . There are not many places to go . The neighborhood is very small compared to the other games -LRB- there is no motor bike but , actually , you would n't really need it anyway -RRB- . There is a lot to buy but not many cool things . The best graphics are in the park area . The house furnishings are n't as nice but are an improvement from Sims2.Pluses are you do get cleaning and mechanical points when you clean and repair things which is a nice addition . There are also numerous ways to get skill points which is also good . The recyclables are always worth the same which is different from the other games . Another part I like is that your pet can hunt and dig up items -LRB- but your pet usually does n't stay focused very long -RRB- . After winning the top competition , nothing happened . No cool closing scene . There may be some secret I have n't found , though . Maybe you can finally use that boat that is down the stairs . I ca n't believe it is there but you can never use it . If that is the case , what 's up ? In sum , I recommend it because it is a Sims game , but it 's not as good as the other Sims games -LRB- well , except SimCity 2000 -RRB- .
 This game is so great !!! Yes , it is more about the sim than the pet , but its really fun !!! I ` ts a sims game , so it is great!You get a person , a pet , and a house . then go over to the Daily Paw and get a job ! When you have about 20 % progress , go to the training place and get a job from Otis . So far I have not gotten the other jobs -LRB- Vetinary Med. , and Parapsycology -RRB- . When Do you get them?Of course , like all sim games you have to take care of your needs
 I had bougth the Game Boy Advance system and since I could not find these games in stores so I can play , then I decided to buy it here .
 This game was purchased for our 10 year old daughter who adores pets ! She has had so much fun creating `` herself '' and her pets . We have had a few squables over the game itself involving our 12 and 16 year old daughters who sneak it away to create for themselves ! So much fun !
 This game is very fun ! I like how I can choose between a cat or a dog .
 Sometimes it is hard to judge the quality of the many gameboy games and so many of them seem to be the same combination of running and jumping . We had borrowed a friends Sims game and the kids loved it so I thought I would give the Pets version as a gift . Well , I am not sure I am glad or regretful that I purchased this game
 This game is by far the funniest game I have ever played . Something about the voice acting , the writing , and the game 's style all combine to make this the most amusing game I 've ever seen . There 's also an appeal in the 1995 graphics that ca n't be reproduced by modern games that makes this game worth what ever means it took to obtain a copy . I would also challenge any one to find a game with a sillier plot than this game . Something about riding a large plastic fish in a river so that a fisherman can catch you so that you can be transported by helicopter to the restaurant on top of the world 's largest ball of twine so that you can obtain a mood ring with an extendo-claw to give to a mole man living in a ride at an amusement park can tell you his secrets about sasquautches is instantly appealing to me -LRB- and that 's just a tiny part of this adventure game 's story -RRB- . If it is to you , get this game .
 LucasArts has made the best games ever . I own the Win '95 version of this game and it 's awesome ! It will run on XP , along with the Win '95 version of `` Day of the Tentacle '' , if you install it with the `` no sound '' option -LRB- the text will show at the bottom of the screen -RRB- . But the voices are a major part of the fun of these games . If you have to choose between this game or the new `` Sam & Max Season One '' , choose this one . This one is a thousand times better . I 've found that new games are all fluff and no substance . `` Escape from Monkey Island '' and `` The Curse of Monkey Island '' also run on XP . These four games are probably the funniest ever made . If you can get ahold of them , grab on and do n't let go !
 Big Biz Tycoon is a great game , do n't let anyone think otherwise ! The only thing wrong is when you are building your offices , you have to do alot of rotating to make things face the correct way . You ca n't rotate the individual items . It makes it harder to build . But otherwise , this game is educational , and fun . You 've got to make sure your employees are productive . You 've got to make sure you 've got enough money . It 's all good . Need I say more ?
 After reading the reviews on this site , I decided to buy Fifa '06 for Gamecube . I 'm very glad I did . While still not at the highest level it could be , I do feel there are enough improvements to justify the upgrade from '05 -LRB- and I liked ' 05 -RRB- . IMPROVEMENTS
 I was surprised by the number of features added to Fifa 06 , compared to Fifa 2005 which was already an excellent game . These include
 I own fifa 2005 , and I my only complaint was that there was n't a quick simulation , this year that has changed . I have only had this game for a few days and have been playing it non-stop . It is a huge upgrade from last year . PROS
 fun and very nice , it has all the best teams in the world
 I love this game because you can use the real and new players from any football team if you draw you go to extra time and if in the extra time you draw you go to the penaties
 The best football game for Gamecube ever . It ` s very realistic , even more than the 05 version , and is more difficult to play and that ` s very good.don ` t wait any second and go for it .
 This was a very cool bundle priced at an awesome price !
 Both of my kids , ages 4 and 8 , loved this bundle of fun ! Great deal for the price , they each got a game and a movie , and I got some peace and quiet thanks to the headphones . Anyone looking for just headphones , go ahead and get this because it is a better deal for the price .
 I purchased this game for my son for his birthday and he really loved it . He has not put it down since .
 As an Xbox and THPS officionado , I loved that this game was on the Xbox . I bought it used and have n't looked back since.Many of the characters we have come to love are here on this game
 I have been buying ONLY Soccer Cartridge , and each and every year the game gets better and better . I like the graphic on this game , the selection of team got better , and realistic sound , detailed play , everything make you feel like you are really on the stadium playing soccer with the team . SO ADDICTIVE ~ !!!! LOVE IT . Why spend hundreds for TV games when you can get the same quality , and fun you can take it around with you anywhere you go ~ !!!
 Great seller , great game.This company ships fast !
 These GBA videos are great . They make a nice collection to her GBA games . They 're especially great on road trips instead of lugging around a portable DVD player . This particular cartridge has some really cute episodes and my daughter watches them over and over .
 I 've been an avid fan of the SSX series for quite a while , owning all but the first installment of the series . So naturally when I learned that SSX On Tour was being released I rushed to a store and picked up a copy.The first thing I noticed -LRB- other than the catchy , sketch style menus -RRB- was that I would n't be using my favorite character , Allegra , this time around . Instead you get to create your own character , which was good and bad . The cool side is that you get to customize him or her to your heart 's desire , the downside is that they are strangely silent . Your character will not taunt others or cheer when victorious , something you may take for granted in previous SSX games.Upon starting the `` On Tour '' , the main mode of gameplay , I discovered the single greatest dissappointment that this game has
 Now before I start , I must state that I have n't played any previous SSX games so I ca n't compare this one to the others.The best thing I think about SSX
 Being the avid SSX fan that I am , I immediately picked this game up as soon as it was available in stores . As I started playing it , I realized that there were quite a few things different from this game and -LRB- from my belief -RRB- the best game of the series , SSX 3 . Some of these changes were good ; creating your own character certainly keeps your interest in the game , and the Ski Patrol are quite the evil ones - and escaping them is just so much more fun than being knocked into the snow headfirst . I also think that the option of playing with skis was a nice touch to the game as well , and improved playability . However , without being able to play my favorite character - -LRB- Kaori -RRB- in Tour mode , it dropped my views on the game considerably.My complaints on Kaori alone
 This SSX game is cool like having Mario charaters on it , Making your own charater . About making your own charater My 's real cool . And its not raded E its raded E10 it means that middle school kids 6th-up can play this game.Neil nickname -LRB- Nel -RRB- P.S whoever made the pencils drawings its Great .
 Well to start off SSX is a great game fist off it is a blast to play now the main thing most ppl say about this game is that its alot like the other ones in terms of gameplay and in game graphics well it is alot like them but for ppl that have never played the seiries or even a snowboarding game for that matter are missing alot . Second off is that i think this game is better than other games like amped and such because it is very easy to pick up on my first sitting i could pull off moster tricks and that is always a + . another thing that i think is great about this game is that u can SKI . now skiing isnt that much different than snowboarding but the style and just to be able to pick istead of just snowboarding . I myself am a ski fanatic . for durability its a game soo i only gave it one star because its just like any other but it will still last you along time if you just take good care overal i think if your looking for an exiteing game that has a good amount of replay value and is great for a causual gamer SSX is a great buy . I hope u consider buying this game.P.S . even if u own other SSX titles this one is by far the best and the artstyle and story are way way way better the most and one of the biggest similaritys are the game play but they still have changed it a bit mostly with skiing and monster tricks . : D
 My daughter loves this game , it 's one of her favorites . The game improves the player 's skill level , and helps them get to a higher play level .
 Thanks for having the ` Good as new ' section on Amazon . Makes it affordable for us OT 's . Could n't do it without that option . MOH hits the mark , it really rates up there in fun , action and staying power .
 Even though this game is 4 years old now , and newer games have far better graphics and animation , this is still one that I play at least once a week . The action is fast , -LRB- sometimes very fast -RRB- the sound is great , the music is outstanding , and it 's just plain fun to play . It does n't take itself too seriously like some other games . It 's very challenging , but not frustratingly impossible . I have played this since it came out in 2002 , and I still sometimes get killed . Best of all , since it 's an older game , you can get it for dirt cheap . Once you accept that the graphics are not up to an Xbox 360 , then you should enjoy it a lot .
 Once upon a time we 've been playing U.F.O. series -LRB- apocalypse not included -RRB- hundereds of hours . Now turn based gaming is back with Shadow Watch with a great story -LRB- i 've finished 4 times and with 4 different story ! -RRB- , with great skill improvements -LRB- 60 different skills ! -RRB- , with great sound effects and musics -LRB- You will be excited when music begins in Brazil , i am sure ! -RRB- , with good grafics -LRB- Simple comic style , but just use Maya 's Martial art skill and see how it looks ! -RRB- . Buy it and cancel all of your rendez-vous ! Not recommended for people who have girlfriend or boyfriend ! :-RRB- Enjoy !
 This is the only game of it 's kind out there . It reminds me a bit of the old 16 color games that were popular in the early days of the Amiga and Commodore 128 personal computers . This game has great audio , and the graphics , believe it or not , were all hand drawn ! People compare this to playing a game in a comic book , which is partially true.The interface is much like that used in X-Com and some other turn based strategy games . They have perfected the system for use with this game , and it works flawlessly . I did , however find a minute flaw . After you complete a mission and receive an experience point to ` train ' a character in a skill . If you skip the training , thinking you can come back later and pick something , your out of luck . Once you leave the screen , the point is no longer usable . Oh well . You 'll only make that mistake once!If you 're a computer geek , and enjoy those ` old ' games that you used to play , like Police Quest , Space Quest and the like , you 'll love this because it has the same look and feel , but a better interface !
 If you remember Gogol 13 , then you will love this game . Mystery , political intrigue , it 's all here . This game also has somewhat of an RPG element , as each member of the team gains new skills . This game is n't as intense as X-Com , but it 's very hard because the player has to plan very carefully . You 're not commanding a battalion of soldiers . You 're leading a group of specialists . Each character specializes in a very important skill , and you 're going to need every single character alive . To do that , you have to strategize , avoid detection , cover , figure lines of sight , keep track of movement points , and watch accuracy ratings . And if a character gets hit , you can kiss him or her goodbye because he or she 's not getting up unless another character nails the attacker . If you 're a relaxed type of gamer who does n't care about a lack of intensity , then this game is sure to please .
 This is somewhat old tactical turn-based game . If you are seeking a fast-paced game with nice graphics , this game is not for you . But if you enjoy games that require strategy and tactics , this is a good game that stands the test of time in my opinion.You control an anti-terrorism group through a few campaigns . There are 8 types of missions , like rescue , eliminate , or steal . The campaigns are randomized , enabling you to play differently each time you attempt one . In each mission you select a number of members out of the 6 members available . Each squad member is totally unique is abilities , and you will get a lot of fun mixing and matching the perfect team for a mission . There is also an experience system that lets characters ` level-up ' , after which you can choose to enhance their skills which are also unique to each character . The game can be quite difficult sometimes , forcing you to play like a true squad leader .
 I should say late 80s , but whatever . So , I played the demo of Shadow Watch - and I must say , if you you 're my age -LRB- age undisclosed -RRB- , and remember the really great games of the late 80s - early 90s ... then you will absolutely LOVE Shadow Watch . The game is very reminescent of Rise Of The Dragon ... 16 colors . Turn based . But visually very well done . Stylish and so on ... anyway , if you are reading this , and considering the game - then BUY IT ! ; -RRB-
 This pinball game takes elements from the PACMAN series and uses its classic theme in the form of pinball . And it all ties in well . This is video pinball at its best with some short comings . It incorporates most elements that made Pacman a classic such as collecting pellets , avoiding ghosts , collecting power-ups and chasing ghosts in the realm of a visually appealing pinball game that makes you wonder why an idea of this caliber has n't come about sooner . The Pacman theme fits seamlessly with a pinball game . This game features a 3-dimensional pacman as the ball and characters from both Pacman and Pacman World has bumpers and triggers . It goes beyond just theming out a table with Pacman graphics , its gameplay is fused well with Pacman elements that made the original and its followings a classic.From the launch of the ball -LRB- Pacman -RRB- , the ghost are caged up for 30 seconds and bumpers are in place of the gaps to preventimmediate loss of life as standard with pinball . Upon expiration of the `` safety '' period , the ghosts are released from the cage and are placed underneath your paddles and the bumpers are removed . Certain triggers upon impact will release power-ups . If these power-ups are collected by Pacman then the ghosts will turn blue and be released out onto the board , vulnerable to be eaten by Pacman . The game also features ramps and other portals that are opened up by triggers , all the elements of pinball that you come to expect plus elements that until now have been untouched.Pellets are sporadic amongst the board in set locations . When all the pellets are eaten , you will advance one level , fruit will be released and the pellets will reset . New fruit will come availabe when you the ball -LRB- pacman -RRB- gets shot up one ramp 4 times . Each fruit progressively worth more points . Multi-ball / pacman is a lot fun as well as it is intuitive , the focus on the screen shifts to always cover the ball that 's coming towards your paddles . Many pellets , points and ghosts can be had during this mode and it all adds to the excitement . These pellets can be used as currency or coins to shop at the store , which is in the house that opens up by accomplishing certain triggers and ramp quests . With this money , you can open up mini games or release elements of the game -LRB- such as fruit or ramps -RRB- . Different sections of the house -LRB- main area shop , cellar and observatory -RRB- will open up with different triggers and quests , each section hosting a different mini game . The cellar hosts an all out collect pellets marathon , flip you paddles to shoot Pacman into as many pellets as you can before falling through the gap between the paddles , which will transfer you back to the regular board . Collect all pellets , and the pellets reset into a different shape on the cellar board -LRB- Pacman , ghost , circle etc -RRB- . Endless fun , points and pellet credits will be acquired until you let Pacman fall through your paddles . The observatory hosts the vertical scroller , very similiar to a retro racing game , which Pacman flies through space and tries to avoid the ghosts who roam back and forth while he collects pellets and power-ups . Both mini games are both fun and intuitive . Especially the observatory game , it makes you wonder why such brilliance has n't been thought of sooner.Mini games add a lot of exciting to video pinball and has been the essential element to prolong excitement in console pinball games since the original `` Pinball '' for NES . Mini games such as being taken to cellar of the house , where you go through a series of collecting pellets and another where pacman is zapped through space to collect pellets through a dynamic vertical scroller really add to the excitement and replay value . Its very well done.Pros
 It seems like everyone 's getting into the pinball craze when this was released . Mario romps through a Mario 64-esc adveture being bounced around by flippers , and even Metroid Prime , a FPS series , enters the pinball table on DS . And now , we get a Pac-Man Pinball game.Pac-Man Pinball Advance looks like it has a storyline behind it . When you start playing , there 's an intro scene with Professor Pac warning Pac-Man about what had happened . However , this is straight-up pinball that does n't head toward the direction Mario Pinball Land did.There are 2 tables , each with 2 different styles . They also differ in obstacles , offering a bit of variety . Of course , when playing a table , Pac-Man elements would be thrown into the scene . You can eat dots , chase after ghosts , collect fruit , etc. . It plays pretty well.I 'm not sure if this is really a must-have , though . After all , dare I say it again , Mario Pinball Land is a whole adventure game in pinball form , and it 's on the same system . But then again , this game has better controls . Whatever the decision may be , you ca n't doubt that today 's price for this game is unbeatable . You may as well get both games .
 Handheld Video Pinball Games With A Tracking Screen1 . Dream Pinball DS2 . Sonic Pinball GBA3 . PacMan Pinball GBA4 . Pinball Tycoon GBA5 . Kirby 's Pinball GB6 . Pinball of the Dead GBAHandheld Video Pinball Games With A Stationary Screen1 . Metroid Pinball DS2 . Mario Pinball GBAIf it were not for Metroid Pinball for it is the king of all handheld video pinball games because it has a stationary screen which more emulates the early game arcades feel of a wooden pinball machine than the tracking screen handheld video pinball games , and because it has a rumble pak , which I would give 7 out of 5 stars , I would give this game 5 stars . That is why I only give this game 4 stars.Pac Man Pinball brings the player to a tracking screen rather than a stationary screen of a choice of two tables , the traditional PacMan themed table and a Haunted Pirate Ship screen . The Haunted Pirate Ship screen is my favourite one of the two.There are plenty of surprises as new worlds , strange games , and strange challenges emerge in this typically labyrinthian pac man themed pinball video game . PacMan himself is the video ball and rolls around the screen attacking ghost monsters eating regular pellets and power pellets and generally bouncing and rolling around the video screen.The music on this is not as good as the music on Sonic Pinball .
 If I had to compare this game to any other game it would be the first monkey island game , but with fewer jokes . The interface is basically the same too . My only major problem with this game is that it is slooow . And I have a great computer , way above the spec for this game . The characters will freeze in the middle of speeches for a few moments and it annoyed the heck out of me . But it has a good plot and it 's worth buying if you do n't mind the game being slow ...
 Simon is a normal teenage boy with a problem . He has been transported through a book to save an elderly wizard from captivity of the evil wizard sordid . Simon travels through many problems in the wizarding world and comes across many new encounters . He makes many new friends like the Swampling , woodworm and the troll who lives under a bridge . Help Simon through many challenges in his adventure and lead him back to reality . This is an exciting and hilarious game with 40 hours of fun and logic .
 Soccer games normally arent that good for the ds but this one is pretty fun . its got great modes and excellent gameplay . the only thing bad is that sometimes the controls seem to respond too slowly but other than that i recommend it . especially if soccer is your # 1 favorite sport . p.s. the create-your-own chant mode is awesome .
 Fifa 07 is awesome ! You can create your own custom team , take control of a real club in career mode , and you can even create your own cheer with the microphone and add whistles , horns , drums , and other instruments to play during a game !
 I got this game for my daughter for Christmas . She is a soccer player and I thought she would like it . She loved it and quickly found she had to fight her Dad for her DS because he loved the game also and kept taking it . Would recommend it for any age soccer/video game lover !
 This DS game arrived quickly . My son plays it whenever he can and says it lots of fun !
 When I was first shopping for a used copy of The Neverhood , I was confused by the page you 're reading now ; it says `` Neverhood 2000 by SouthPeak Interactive , '' and I knew that the original game was released in 1996 by DreamWorks . Was this a sequel that I should also be looking for ? I did some research , and found out that in 2000 SouthPeak was going to release a newly polished version of the old game , using higher-resolution photography that would n't look so grainy . Unfortunately , they never released it . The reviewers here , including me , have all played the original game , The Neverhood.Now that that 's cleared up ... The Neverhood is a unique point-and-click adventure game done entirely in claymation . You guide a placid clay person named Klaymen around a brightly-colored world with very few other creatures in it , solving puzzles and slowly unraveling the story of how this world was created , what happened afterward , and what Klaymen must do to save it . While you 're in a puzzle room , you have a third-person view of Klaymen and the objects around him . While you 're moving Klaymen between rooms across the clay landscape or having him operate a machine , you have a first-person view through his eyes.All the while this crazy music is playing -- lots of weird twanging noises and mumbly nonsense lyrics , but really catchy songs . The soundtrack by Terry Taylor -- who apparently is a `` Christian music '' artist most of the time -- was actually released as a separate CD , and I intend to pick it up one of these days ... Most of the puzzles in this game are pretty strange , relying on abstract visual and other associations ; I had to take notes on a few of them in order to keep everything straight . There are several places where you do something that only affects an area far away , so you have no idea what you 've done until you happen to walk by and notice it . There 's one seriously complicated puzzle that I solved by thinking about a long story that you get to read at one point in the game . When I was done I looked up some solutions online to see if they took the same approach -- they did n't , not at all , but hey , my solution worked ... See what your results are!Hardcore adventure gamers may dislike this game for being so illogical and quirky ... but it 's full of charm and highly original style , and almost anyone can play it . For me , it was definitely worth the high prices that used copies now go for .
 I loved this game . I must admit , I could n't finish it without help from the website , but it 's the only one that I really wanted to play whenever I had the time . I 've tried Myst -LRB- took too long -RRB- and other games -LRB- Lost in Time , etc -RRB- . And I also played Carmen Sandiego when it first came out , but The Neverhood had sly humour , problems easy enough to solve but not too easy , and funky music . I 'm 55 by the way , so I think it 's a game anyone can enjoy .
 You know how some experiences -- be they movie , television or , God forbid , real life -- enter your vocabulary ? Some phrase from Monty Python transformed into a code that tells just the right story for a moment . A snatch of music from the Empire Strikes Back that plays in your head each time your boss -LRB- teacher ? -RRB- comes in . Camp as it is , the Neverhood is full of these spectacular moments . Humorous , catchy , absurdist , and beatifully rendered in clay . The puzzles are solid although rarely great , but the visuals , music , interface , and FEEL of the game are superb.Two warnings
 The theme has been used before - a game with riddles to solve based on things around you in your world . Unlike the really old games like Zork , this came probably a little bit after the cusp of riddle games became more graphic . The actions all serve a purpose from beginning to end , and the music and environment are all so strange , crazy , and unique , but so much fun . So individualistic for a game . The clay images $ , limited budget , and how the game was made bring a natural realness missing in most games . The production is so unbelieveable good despite all the factors working against the creators . The music is so wacky , but fits so perfectly with the game . A secret that just did n't make it far . It made it to mainstream for a very short time , but went very unnoticed . The characters make little to no sounds and there is no talking or pretty much no talking . This places focus on everything else around . It can be hard to figure out , but if you like playing 1 player riddle games or have a really good friend who likes to play these kind of games with you , this is the one to have . It should be a mainstream classic , not an indie unknown `` classic . `` I got lucky to get the game early on as I had bought it in a package deal getting a new computer . I was also lucky cause the sales associate was trying to get me to buy a different package instead w/o Neverhood , Age of Empires -LRB- before it got big -RRB- , and Dilbert 's Desktop Games.The game will probably install on a Vista computer , but you may have trouble on say a Windows 2000 computer . It 's nice to know that Vista may have considered the ability to play games that originally worked on say Windows 95 or Windows 98 only , or I just got lucky .
 NEVERHOOD , a claymation game , stood sadly for years in its WIN95 box among my other dead games . Today , in 2008 , I took down the box and tried the game in DOSbox 0.72 , in my Win98_SE VM , and in XP & Vista . Much to my astonishment , this old shoe runs without difficulty in XP , but not in the emulators . I make a practice of saving the oldies-but-goodies games , even though many of them will never run again unless I dig through my basement for a WIN95 carcass and give it the sparks of life -LRB- It Lives ! It Lives ! -RRB- . NEVERHOOD is a charming , leisurely-paced point and click adventure game . The puzzles are funky but logical , and the game has a point to it . I recommend it to young and old alike as a wonderful diversion from the world of the first-person shooters and the horde of pimply-faced adolescents who make them so salable . The fact that it will run under XP Pro in is original WIN95 form makes it available to all .
 Yesterday I was arranging my old CDs box , I found this CD along with lots of beautiful and sad memories . I said to myself , lets give it a try , and yes , it works !!! and I started playing it just like if I was before almost 6 years -LRB- life passes away very fast -RRB- . Guess what !? It 's still FUN to play and all puzzles are like new to me : -RRB- But why the developers are not making other versions of this game anymore ? I hope they come up with something new like this in the next years .
 hello.i got this game last tuesday from a friend.i started playing it like b4 , when i knew nothing , but then i got intrested in finishing it . i had so much fun it was so unbeliveable . it 's good even 10 years after it 's releasei ca n't tell you how much i had fun , so overall , i had fun + madness cus some parts are freakking hard !
 This game is long and slow and incredibly frustrating , and worth every minute ! We got a second hand copy without any directions or anything with it . Fortunately there are hints online , but there is nothing quite like the thrill of figuring out the puzzles all on your own . We also looked forward to the new discoveries in each part of the world and checking out all the surrounding stuff to see what we might discover ... And it 's just as fun to play again even after you have reached the end ! I also highly recommend the soundtrack featuring all of the ingenius tunes from Neverhood and Skullmonkeys
 it 's pretty amazing , I am here in the year 2006 , 10 years after when this game was realesed -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and yet it is so fun , the whole clay concept is really neat , and the music ? wow , this game has it all.Out of all of the puzzle games I 've ever played , this was not only the most challenging , but also the most fun.The msic is unbelievabley creative and good , and I 'm hunting around for the game soundtrack right now . If you are a fan of puzzle/adventure games , -LRB- Riven , Monkey Island , etc. -RRB- You should go get this right now . I would recomend getting it here off amazon , or on ebay .
 `` The Neverhood '' is a great game . My family got it a little while back when I was 6 or 7 years old . I started playing it when I was around 8 years old , and really loved it . It 's a nice , challenging game-everything is beautifully sculpted with clay-with lots of puzzles and something exciting around every corner ... and interesting in every turn.In this game , you are played as Klaymen , a clay person that walks around trying to solve puzzles . You soon find out that you 're trying to save Hoborg -LRB- the creator of the Neverhood -RRB- , who lost his crown from Klogg , the evil villain of the Neverhood . Your destination is to get to the castle , to save Hoborg . You do this by solving puzzles ; they open doors , close doors , escape places , teleport yourself , take a car , which at the end you 'll be brought to the castle , where you try to save the history of the Neverhood.In the Beginning , you solve great puzzles , such as the `` H puzzle '' , slaying a monster , start collecting all 20 tapes -LRB- you collect them throughout the game -RRB- , trying to match sounds and music , walking down a looong hallway with the history of the Neverhood written on the walls , shooting a cannon , draining a big lake . If you need any help , your friend Willie will send you mail in your mailbox -LRB- located where you started the game , go down the ladder -RRB- . In the Middle , things get a little more complicated . You 're in a lake , and you 're in a room , which has a radio , which you need to turn to the right channel to open the door . You shrink yourself , make yourself big again , use these `` teleporters '' , teleport yourself onto a clump of land , and collide the two halves -LRB- one of which you were on at the Beginning of the game -RRB- of the Neverhood together , give the mousie his cheese , and shoot Robot Bil -LRB- with the cannon at the lake -RRB- in the head.In the End , you 're in the castle . You need to get the 20th tape , find 3 keys , and stick them into the castle door . At the end , it runs into a stunning climax-you 'll have to see it for yourself ! I 'm not tellin ' you the ending ! : -RRB-
 I played this game more than 10 years ago and as an avid gamer have never come across another that can match it in creativity , not even Wii games . Unfortunately , this game got lost when I shifted house and got married . I hope someone can bring back the game . I would love to show it to my son and daughter .
 The other posts pretty much sum everything up , I purchased this game back when it was in the stores , I just had to play a game done completely in claymation , it turned out awesome ... but remember , this game came out in '96 and the computer systems of that time were n't that great -LRB- the P-II had not even come out yet ! -RRB- so this game was designed around 256 colors ... change your colors to this BEFORE you play , everything will look MUCH better !
 The neverhood was a great game and the 2nd game , skullmonkeys , was good too , though it was n't for computer .
 The neverhood is realy wierd but very cool its got strange music and odd puzzels its got humor too.I played it and beat it but I needed some help . the graphicsare a bit fuzzy but its cool all the same . You get to travel through strange worlds , battle wierd creatures , teleport yourself to other places , shrink yourself , pilot a giant robotand a lot more . Great game , buy it !
 I was first introduced to this game in the early 90 's , as someone had given me the game , and I ended up giving it to someone else . Nowdays , it 's difficult to find a brand new game , and for certain , they never did keep making it . The music rocks and I found myseklf often wanting to get the soundtrack to this video game just for kicks . The interactive part of this game is pretty basic and of course , behind the times , but really , I think it 's an awesome game anyway . I would highly recommend this game .
 Wondering why copies are so expensive ? When released , the critics either loved it or hated . It did not sell well-hence , the scarcity of copies and the high cost of purchasing one.This game is one of those `` one-of-a-kind '' treasures that needs to be played to be appreciated . Like the author who 's first book was a masterpiece ; never to write again . That is what you have here . While a sequel would have been -LRB- and will still be -RRB- well received , the bar was set very high with this game.Graphically speaking , it is old school relative to today 's resolutions . 256K if my memory serves me correctly . But it looked great then and looks good now when you set the resolution correctly . I lend my copy to all the grandkids because I think they deserve to see and play what they might never experience otherwise.Buy this game at a reasonable premium and enjoy it for what it is-a true adventure game classic that has never been equaled . I am not saying it is the best game ever made-there are many games that equal this in one form or fashion . I am saying it should go down in adventure gamer history 's top 10 . Buy it and play it-you will share it as I have done . You will even knock a door down to get your copy back . Trust me on this ...
 This game is just amazing . It 's coming up on 11 years since it came out , and it 's still ridiculously good times . The humor that goes into the game is so out there and ridiculous that you cant help but enjoy yourself , and the style of the game shows it . The claymation is great , and really funny . The puzzles involve a good deal of thought , but still manage to be funny . The levels are just as weird as everything else in the game -LRB- One room is actually a french fry sandwich from the outside -RRB- . And it may have one of the greatest original soundtracks that a game has ever had . Some people may recognize the style from the sequel Playstation game that came out after this called Skullmonkeys -LRB- another great game by the same people -RRB- , and if they liked that at all they 'll love this . I suggest you check it out immediately , and try and get your hands on a copy by whatever means necessary . Until then , see you in the Neverhood .
 This is a perfectly respectable first-person shooter with as much or more character development as the protagonist enjoys in Medal of Honor
 My Sister & I have rented this game several times -LRB- ALOT -RRB- . I finally purchased an XBox & bought the game . It is challenging and we have a blast playing co-op . It took us a long time , but we finished it -LRB- after several rentals , of course -RRB- and now we are playing it again . I wish they would have more co-op games where we did n't have to go on line . This is definately a `` Must Buy '' game !
 This is an exellent game i 'm only 12 but i love war , i stuy it all day.not too brag but i have have all of the xbox games and computrt games.Men of valor has great graphics and the blood is awsome.It really shows what it is like too go to combat in vietnam.this is a great game do n't rent it , buy it P.S.this game has intense blood and cusing NOT FOR KIDS .
 CAUTION
 Well , I went to alot of the computer games stores ... . Best Buy , CompUSA , Circuit City , Wal Mart ... . None had the game yet . The guy at best buy said that they just got the pre order boxes in and they get them in 3 months before the real release so it looks like the mid-march date is the real one . All over the net it says that its out but the stores say different . If you have found one , please let us know !!!
 this is definetly the best counter strike out ever because the grafic and the game play are out stounding !
 Improved and new player models . New and improved weapons and equipment . Improved computer AI . New maps . What is there not to like ? After reading all of the reviews and viewing all of the game pics , i cant wait to get my hands on this game . I have been playing Counter-Strike for over a year and a half , and I am very impressed with what I have seen in these new developments . As soon as this game comes out , i will waste no time getting my hands on the new LAW RPG -LRB- Rocket Propelled Grenade -RRB- , the FAMAS Assualt Rifle , and the Galil rifle , but what i can not wait for is the new M 60 machine gun -LRB- ! -RRB- . This game will rock , no doubt about it . This 'll be one sweet game .
 counter-strike is the best internet game out there in my opinonand the reason condition zero will be just as good and betteris the fact that now you can play online and offline the modelsare more detailed and the AI system for offline play is the bestthey had the creator of the pod bot help them with the AI systemthe AI system is awesome they can learn tatics from you like ifthere was a area where snipers can take you out and you take another way around that area they will learn that from you . the gameply is a sure winner the game will be winner of gamers around the globe .
 ummmm stupid question but how -LSB- is -RSB- everyone reveiwing a game that is n't even out yet ? I mean -LSB- it -RSB- looks bloody sweet but ... IT AINT OUT !
 CS : CZ is a nice installment for us who are waiting for HL2/CS : S but the greatest part the the bots . My buddys and I love to go US vs 13 bots on dust2_cz ! Thats another great thing about CZ is the new _ cz maps with nice looks and nice fixes to exploits ! This game is a must buy for anyone who likes Counter-Strike !
 Strengths
 this is the best game ever ! buy it!grat online play and good graphics.dont listen to what other people say!it is ausome and plus you get counterstrike with it when you type in your CD key on steam you just have to download it!dont waste your money on CS when you can buy Cs CZ for 10 bucks more .
 This is one of my most played games.I play CS
 I loved this version of cs it goes smooth , with better models , and when you get bored you can play with bots it is worth the bit more you have to pay for it , get it now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ok look iam a big CS gamer and I think that CS : CZ was a waste of money for me . Granted its good and all but all it is Cs with new modles trust download one of the modle pack out for CS and be play because its not realy worth it .
 man what was it ????? 30 dollars or something euros man cmmon ur getting assraped i can buy this game in a expansive shop 4 20 euro 's man -LRB- sorry 4 my language and my spell fualts cuase iam not english -RRB-
 Condition Zero did not disappoint me . I love it and one thing I like a lot about it is that in Counter-strike if you had a Bot addon so you could play with computer players and you wanted to play a custom map , you 'd have to download waypoints for the map but in CZ it automatically waypoints the map for you once you play the map . The Bots are extremely realistic with only a few minor flaws . An EXTREME improvement to ALL other bot addons that you could download for CS . The missions are nice , maps are better looking , and all models -LRB- characters , weapons , objects -RRB- are upgraded and look atleast 3x nicer than in CS . Many people I 've talked to were disappointed because they say , `` It 's just like the 1st one . '' But I 'm a CS Veteran and I 'm extremely glad Vallve did n't change the gameplay or anything and mess it up . I LOVE THE NEW COUNTER-STRIKE
 its not that bad of a game , but if u have the original cs dont bother . probably the best part of the game is the bot AI , sometimes they can do stupid things like kill hostages or jump off cliffs , but it is still impressive espeically on an old engine life half-life . the Ai is better than is some other games , for instance battlefield 1942 . The slightly twitched graphics were also impressive , like more crates and better lighting in maps . the maps are also much more realistic with environmental changes , such as rain and realistic textures . the single-player mode wasnt that bad either , good for someone just starting out with counterstrike , but old veterans might stray.the deleted scenes were also mediocore . way 2 much bugs though and not really challenging but has interesting scripts and new weapons . Overall it was ok , but with other great shooters out there like unreal tournament and quake , it wasnt so impressive . 2 things i was mainly mad about . first the price , second no new weapons or skins in multiplayer mode .
 Well Just wanted to say , Im not a hardcore CS player , however I do enjoy playing . CS CZ I was told would suck and blah blah , This can be true if your a hardcore onliner , However for you casuals there , This is great ! The bots talk to you to report , the terrorists play nice so it isnt gon na be a pushover ! I think my only issue is that I dont lead my bots right , so they end up dying ! But the game also allows human mode bots . . where some can even go rouge and run off and shoot without following orders.Next off , I belive this included the ORIG CS in there ! I dont know . . Installed it on a new PC and after steam did its thing , I had CS and CS CZ to play ! = DI wouldnt say the game is worth 40 $ however as it is CS still . . But for offline mode , its fun , graphics are great and abit of a better interface . Just be sure you have a nice video card to play.Anyways just wanted to report . Dont listen to everyone so quick , I know it seems addicting to me to play on old maps and have a mission . ^ ^ Hope this helps you somewhat , but just try it and youll enjoy , or just play old CD from it . = -RRB-
 I just got the new Counter-Strike condition zero and the graphics in multiplayer are so much better . Worth the money by their own . The single player also makes the game worth it . If you already own counter strike you can wait but if you do n't own counter strike buy this for sure . The bot 's work perfectly and it 's nice to use all the new skins and guns . So far it 's been released for 7 hours and there are about 24 active servers and rising . THe only thing I would change is that in multiplayer I do n't see any new weapons or the new counter terrorists/counter-t 's yet . Buy it .
 From the makers of the ever popular HALF LIFE , here is a nice commando shoot-em-up role-playing game . People who have played HALF LIFE will find the gameplay similar insofar as weapons control / toggling & movement . This is a good thing as I always found HL to be one of the most straightforward games in that regard.Instead of Marine Recon & aliens , in this game you are matched up against an array of terrorists . You are also not alone this time around ; each scenario gives you the chance to be on an anti-terrorism bomb squad or hostage rescue team.You get a set amount of $ $ for each encounter , depending on how well you do . This money serves as the funding for your unit , and with it you can acquire team members , weapons and equipment . The better you perform , the better personnel & toys you 're able to buy.A nice feature of the game is that you 're also able to custom make your own game . Want to have a virtual army of commandos go up against an army of terrorists ? No problem ! Want to be a terrorist instead of one of the good guys ? No problem ! Just be careful
 By - Tom HamPosted By - Dark SpectreCounter-Strike
 BASICS : This is a PREview , not a REview
 Counter Strike CZ , is the sequel to one of the best games of all time
 On 12/30/03 , I think Amazon.com will update their expected release date . The new expected release date will be 3/17/04 . They just left it 12/30/03 so everybody will pre-order . This game has already been made . The delay is a marketing strategy the producers are using to make this game the most anticipated game in history so they can increase sales and profit . Condition Zero is already complete , and they ca n't tweak the multi-player engine anymore than they already have . If you notice , the strategy guide was made months ago and already released by Prima . They would n't release a strategy guide for an incoplete game . I 've been waiting on this game since 1/01/02 . I 've been waiting that long to blast newbies with new weapons . And you think you 're pissed . I do n't care if this game sucks I just want to see it released .
 ok this game is amazingly fun and i could talk about how good it is for hours but dont spend 29.99 on it when u can buy counter strike anthology for 20.00 and it comes with counter strike 1 and counter strike condition zero for 10 dollars less so if your smart you will take my advice and save 10 dollars and get two great games
 Condition Zero is so great ... I can play this for hours and never get tired of it . The new single-player mode , Deleted Scenes , is much better than the original 's single-player , which was just beating requirements in a regular multi-player game . And the online experience is better . The graphics have greatly improved , and I find that there are n't as many problems with the servers . A great improvement from original Counter-Strike , and I say it 's the best first-person shooter game on the PC .
 Good and Fast shipping . I would recomend this user to others .
 If it is anything like the first counter-strike , it would definately deserve MORE than 5 stars if it were possible .
 This is gon na be the biggest Hit ! SINGLE PLAYER ! AWESOME ! Its umbelievable how you can turn a multiplayer game into a single player game - but take this - THE # 1 MULTIPLAYER GAME INTO A SINGLE PLAYER GAME ! Condition Zero is going to hit the roof . This game is going to be ranked off your scale - I have been playing CS for about 2 years . I have been adicted to it everyday of my life . I am 14 , my parents keep threatening to rip the computer out of the wall , i just cant get enough ! But now ! - a new STAND ALONE ! OMG I CANT WAIT . My parents really are going to rip the computer out of the wall ! Thank you so much valve - i 've been waiting for this ! . Say hello to your new award winner Valve !
 name this game however you want it good or bad . u will never know until you try it . you will hate it when your girlfiend . . s brake up with you because you r too busy with strategy and killing instincts . you will fail your final exam , regardless it 's the best!p.s . for the love of game , i 'm wasting my time typing this message to you , i 'm getting back to the virtual reality ...
 c.z. i hate that you have to wait for the pach for playing on the internet
 I think that 's the best game ever i playedhalf life : CounterStrike it 's an awsome game.There are many websites on this game and all who likes war games it 's the game for him .
 This is the cooles game ever made ! I hav n't ever seen anything like it . This game is something every person should have . Man , The graphics are great . I have like the slowerst computer in the world , and the game still runs . The gas grenades are so cool ... All the new stuff about the game is so good , that I want this game the VERY first day it 's out on the market . What more can I say ... It 's just cool . I 'll figure out the rest when I have the game in my own hands .
 Hey if they can give a two thumbs up ill give it a two rifels up ! Counter-Strike is the best multiplayer mod out there . It 's gameplay is very fun and hard to get bored of . Unlike Swat 3 it 's graphics are not as great , but it makes it all the more fun . Swat got too realistic without any fun so it got boring but Counter-Strike lives forver . I have been with Counter-Strike ever since the beginning and have loved it since . Counter-Strike
 hey this game is supposedly going to be the best FPS upgrade/single player compatible redo in a LONG time . When i beta-tested with gearbox , they asked me for some of the scripts for some of the more popular and widely used cheats . The game deisgners and anti-cheat engineers seemed VERY intent on trying to eliminate MOST cheating , they know that it is virtually impossible to eliminate ALL cheating ... but for yours and my sake , they were very close to acheiving close to no cheating at all ... Recently , Sierra has asked some notorious cheat script writers to help aid with anti-cheat technology for CS : CZ andcs version 1.5 -LRB- or is it 1.6 -RRB- . All i have to say ... if he cheats kick him.STAY faithful to CS , you 'll be happy .
 Well , I 've been playing CS for such a long time now and thought hey , CS : CZ is out . And hearing all those reviews about it , I decided to get the game . I started with Deleted Scenes first , and somehow , it never was half the fun CS is , or Half Life was . But all in all , Deleted Scenes was OK , if not too much fun . -LRB- Makes sense they were `` Deleted '' -RRB- Then came the trouble , I launched CZ and thought hey , let 's go online . I happen to be on a 56k line , by the way , because that is all they have here.I was told to install Steam and then it started downloading the latest update for CZ . And after an agonizing half an hour wait , I wait to play the game , and I get a message saying Steam was going to copy all my existing HL , OpFor , and CS/CS : CZ and all those other installs into its folder . I had to wait another agonizing one hour for it to complete.I get offline after a couple of rounds , disconnect and then try running Deleted Scenes , BAM ! No Show ! Apparently , I ca n't play the game in Offline mode . After checking so many websites for a resolution and being unable to find one , I resolved myself to skipping Deleted Scenes and using it just for online gaming , which just defeats the purpose for which I bought this game.I can understand piracy and all , but this is like trying to kill an ant with a nuclear bomb.I am so much disappointed , and I would really love it if we could just go back to the normal play that existed before without making us customers tear out our hair in frustration . Sierra , are you listening ?
 I got this news from csnation.net and they said that they got the cs : cz copy sent from vivendi . check out the whole article at csnation.net happy cs : cz shopping
 I must say this game is one of the greatest games ever made : -RRB- Gooseman & Cliffe must be verry proud . . The AI in CS : CZ , is far of the greatese AI ever made and we have CountFloyd to thak that for ... He also made PODbot the Best bot to CS even if Realbot is good . but the fact is Countfloyd is good at his work and sierra alla i can say u rule hard ... to all the C-s Fans
 I have been playing Counter-Strike for about 7 months now and I cant stop playing !! Its so addicting . I didnt have to pay for my CS because a friend downloaded it for me . Anyway , CS : CZ looks like a great sequel . New weapons -LRB- Some of them are FAMAS , Galil , Molotov Cocktail , M60 , LAW Rocket Launcher , and a Machete knife -RRB- and great looking new character models . CS : CZ is not only multiplayer
 u ppl that think this game wo n't run on win xp r insane . just wanted to set the record straight .
 This is going to be so cool I 've had it preordered for 120 days . You will have millions of billions of guns to from . I have the first counter strike . It would Be nuts to pass it up for 40 BUCKS !
 I want this game NOW !!! My friend who belongs to a clan which has very string links to the developers of the game , has a beta of it , but wont give me a sodding copy : < How much longer will we have to wait ??? Btw , if anyone does have a copy , then please email me at sh_2000_2k@yahoo.co.uk thx = -RSB- Rest asurred , this game WILL be worth it !
 Sure there are some glitches in the game but ok your retarted the graphics arent the same you go to www.csrev.com download cz the way it should be and all the graphics and models are better and it makes the game 10 times better . So stop complaining and just download the patch . Plus people who complain about the bots arent any good CHANGE THE LEVEL TO HARD OR EXPERT IDIOT . Of course they arent any good on easy they arent supposed to be . I think this is a good game and i give it 4 stars because you do have to download the patch or its just the same as steam .
 When I first got the game I opened it up.I was on it for HOURS.I STRONGLY RECCOMEND AT LEAST A 56K GAME CARD.IF YOU LIKE ACTION GAMES YOU WILL ENJOY IT.The AI is so interactive . Real lifelike animation -LRB- especially the fire -RRB- .
 I think that it is a very nice game of the 2003 year : -RRB- I want this game : -RRB-
 i cant wait till this comes out.ive been looking at interviews of Randy Pitchford on sites.he says there will be new weapons , singleplayer mode , new skins , new levels , new items , and alot more.ive also heard on a site that u can upgrade ur player skills.well bye bye : -RRB-
 i like condition zero probably more than source and 1.6 . let me tell you why . . source has sweet graphics but game play is alittle off and 1.6 is good but no single player missions . then ontop of that deleted scenes is a sweet game in it 's self . so , i like love this version of CS and it 's a great buy . . i think . DESIRE -LSB- 2 -RSB- KILL is the sweetest clan , -LRB- my clan -RRB- .
 I am a computer game snob . Very few games make my A list . For instance
 I used to play CS : Source all the time until I got this . In my opinion , Source is a freebie with HL2 and this is the real deal . I do n't care much about graphics , so no complaints here . Besides that I find the people on CZ servers to be altogether friendlier than the n00bs and haxors playing on Source . Long Live CZ , Source is just a pretender to the throne .
 Anyone who is a fan of the classic Counter Strike will definitely find something enjoyable in Condition Zero . The graphic improvements really bumps the realism up a notch . I 've experience a small amount of lag with the online play but nothing that you ca n't deal with . Overall $ $ well spent !
 I have been playing counter-strike for well over 4 years now and I cant remeber a time when I got bored of it . To say the least its the best game I have ever owned . If Condition-zero is anything like it , it 's sure to when a game of the year award and is next on my list of games to buy . Plus , now with the single player mode , even people with slow dial up internet can enjoy cs : cz through the thrilling AI opponents . This has been long awaited and is sure to hold up to everyones expectations . I cant wait to have a condition zero icon on my desktop .
 Really enjoyed this classic FPS . Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed . i highly recommend purchasing . Graphics are great , story-line is solid -LRB- and not so short -RRB- , audio is excellent and the price is right .
 This was actually one of the very first shooter games I ever played . Also , one of the first desktop computer games i ever played . It 's a lot of fun , of course , once you get the hang of using the keyboard controls . The single player mode really helps you to play online . Unlike my other games i 've played on line where you feel like you 're awesome beating up the computer and then you go online and get massacred . Overall a fun game if you like shooters . I recommend it .
 The graphics on tis game are so much better than any other hl mod . Almost everything on the hl engine has been updated for this game , so you really cant call it a hl engine any more . Go to the condition zero site to find out more . -LRB- i would give a URL , but the fine print said i couldnt . CS multiplayer will see the FAMAS and the GALIL as new weapons for cz . The balistic shield is more powerfull than first thought ... on csnation there was an artical that said the shield will block all rifle fire -LRB- m4 , sig , aug , ak -RRB- so i guess that means only the awp or scout can go through it . The LAW -LRB- single use rocket -RRB- will never be in cs -LRB- thats good -RRB- I am not sure if the new M60 machine gun will be in multiplayer . The gas grenade and the molotov cocktail will probably never be in multiplayer . I cant wait till it is released !! Counter-Strike 's gameplay is no match for any other game !!! The people making the patches focus on whay the players want , and balance , which keeps this game above all the others . I think all these new items will make the game more popular than ever ! Oh yes . The AI bots . They are supposed to be really good , and the players will be able to use them in lan games to practice , just like in an multiplayer game . Howerver , i saw somewhere that players will not be able to change the player skins , and weapon skins , but I do not really care what the models look like , as long as you can tell the terrorists from the counter terrorists . People who just keep their HL mod version of cs will be missing out on some really cool stuff . like single player missions , which i think will be real fun . If you dont like counter-strike , then you probably wont like this game , because its the same gameplay . But if you like counter-strike , then whip out the Visa and get buying !!
 I 'm sure its gon na be great ... it better be great cause we sure waited long enough ... I 'm sure these delays are just so they can make the game better ... right ???
 I just recieved the beta version of cs 1.6 which is the mutliplayer version of condition zero and it is amazing although the graphice have not gotten better because the graphics are only updated on the retail version of cz which isnt out yet however the game play is awesome maps have been modified and the whole layout of the game has changed the new guns are a lot of fun to you the galil -LRB- terroist gun -RRB- is one of the beest guns in the game i suggest all of you buy this game because it will be much better then the original cs and it does work with windows xp and although the graphics wont be as good as some of the new games that came out the game play is 10x better
 The people who wrote the one-star reviews with concerns about out-dated graphics and cheating obviously have n't read any reviews about this new game . Steam is now going to be able to update the game seamlessly and unannounced , much to the dismay of CS cheaters . And why reinvent the wheel ? The newest FPS games like Castle Wolf and Global Ops may have better graphics , but CS stills reigns as king of the multiplayer FPS games ? Try to find 20,000 servers running at any given time in any other game . Why ? It 's better gameplay . Period . At least now new players will be able to get used to the game before jumping into multiplayer games . The result ? More players than we have now . Nothing new has come close to the original CS . Only a new , improved CS can do that .
 This game is what I expected and more ... The graphics have been tripled from 240 polygons to 720 . The chracters look so real . The weapon models are amzing and the accuracy and power of the guns is realistic . The skins must be replaced with the new versions that can be found online . The single player verison of the game includes 12 explosive single-player mission with amazing AI and bot support . They are a perfect substitute for human players , sometimes even better . My friends ca n't even tell if I 'm online or not . That 's how good this game is . I would buy it soon ... GREAT GAME !
 i love counter strike i love counter strike i love counter strike i love counter strike i love counter strike i love counter strike
 CStrike is 1 of the best fps . Its great online , lots of fun , and cyber cafes everywhere got lan games galore . Really 1 of the best net games ever .
 alright buddy first half life 2 got pushed back because the source code got stolen . know your facts before you cry . and if you havent noticed all great games dont come out on the right date . look at halo 2 that was supposed to come out months ago and it is pushed back to april of 2004 . ok another thing steam is actually a great thing just give it time ti fix the bugs they were rushed to put it out that is the only prob . you know everytime counter strike has put out a new version people havent liked it so grow up and stop crying . its a game . a great one but only a game .
 When i first played this game , i was sitting in a counter-strike multiplayer centre where you get two pay 6 dollars for two hours of play . My friends were there with me and they knew all about the game . I was a rookie you might say . But even though i got stabbed shot bombed a hundred times i still enjoyed it ! why ? graphics ? well let me tell you that cs was ok in graphics.It wasnt that graphical but who cares ? the amount of guns utilities items bombs and characters to choose from were awsome but what 's even better is the gameplay ! the gameplay blew me out my mind . I was about to play 24 hours-a-day if my time did n't run out . I completely lost it . But aint there set backs to this game ? well the multiplayer is the set back . there arent any players verses bots mode . but thats where cs condition zero comes in . here you can play 1 player shoot-out . the graphics will be better since technology is been updated and the guns will be having a huger selection and varieties of them . the blood that 'll pour out of the player 's body will be most real_istic !!! believe me :-RRB- :-RRB- this gane will turn out to BECOME TOP E3 GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!
 What Else Can I say ??? GET IT ! This BEST ON PC EVER !
 I 've Played it , I liked it , but I will probably never own a legit copy -- simply because it 's never going to be released.IMO they should have sold the version that is out there right now ...
 I 'm not sure about this , but reviewing a game you have n't played seems rather ... dull . Aside from which , why fix something that 's not broken ? The Halflife engine is possibly the ideal FPS engine , running smoothly with plenty of ability to raise eyecandy details for the obcomp people who need god 's gift to vid cards , but also still works for those with slower computers . The physics model is quite dandy , with few exceptions -LRB- notably jumping and spinning with sniper rifles while strafing -RRB- , and no major bugs . If you want something so new and different -LRB- which it already is -RRB- that IS N'T Half-Life or CS , spend your money elsewhere .
 jesus lord help me . dont buy this game . you cant stop playing . When you play the regular game thats cool enough but when you play it online it is too addictive . im offcially 4 days sobre .
 The game CS was the best but soo many people cheated and made copies of the game . all the CS forums had a million people asking for keys & all the servers had cheaters , hackers , bots and people w / warez . thankfully this game might have a 1P VS Comp mode .
 Gamers ... this is the game for you . The best of the best . Prepare to forget everything else in your life and focus on this game . You definatly NEED this game . It has everything a great game needs-good graphics , excellent gameplay , and enough fun to keep you coming back for more ... Overall this is the best game in the market...Counter-strike condition zero should be the most popular game of all time.New maps , skins , and weapons should be helpful to keep this game popular for a long long time.Take my advice . Get this game . I promise you 'll never get tired of it .
 This game is going to be absoluetly amazing . I have counter-strike now with cable and the game is so much fun . The thing with the bots which is described above might be a little hazy -LRB- u ca n't simulate a real player -RRB- . CS is the best game i 've every played and if there 's something better than CS ... the sequel ?? Then u 've got my money down right now because i know i 'm going to love it
 LOOK WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT NEW CS WITH 1PLAYER PLUS NEW GUNS WE NEEDED THIS FOR SO LONG ! THE NEW AI -LRB- BOTS -RRB- ARE `` THE SMARTEST BOTS YET '' THEY LEARN EVERYTHING FROM YOUR MOVES , DEATHS , ECT ... PLUS YOU HAVE TEAMS !!! WOW ! NOW THERE IS A NEW HIGH DEF PACK LIKE WHAT CAME WITH BLUE SHIFT MAKEING THIS GAME GRAPHICS 70 % BETTER :-RRB- -LRB- FOR PEOPLES COMPS THAT CAN HANDDLE IT -RRB- HAHAHA LETS NOT FORGET THE BEST PART !!! THE SHEILDS FOR THE CTS . THIS WILL MAKE YOU RETHINK ALL YOUR MOVES . IT CHANGES EVERYTHING . I MEAN WE ALL KNOW DUST HEAD TO ... TOE . CANT WAIT TO USE THE FAMAS !!!!! THANKS !! BUY THIS GAME NOW I DID !!!
 This game is the untimate game for action packed gamming . If you have a DSL connection or higher you will love this game . And also the single player game will be fun . BUY THIS GAME
 in june 2001 i got my DSL , and after beating halflife i really enjoyed shooting the soldiers with the machine gun . So eventually I tried the Multiplayer and enjoyed trying to connect . Then I downloaded Counterstrike and throughly enjoyed it for 5 months . Its amazing how fast computers have gotten . In 2001 it was a pain in the backside to connect to a good game . Now its easy as hay . Counterstrike , is in my opinion finished and only diehard fans will play it . Newer games are like 10 times better in the audio/video dept. So there you have it !
 Counter-Strike was an excellent/outstanding game . It really was is the # 1 game of the year and still is . Well if that game was good , CS : CZ is only adding more to the # 1 online game which makes it better.It 's that obvious !
 Game of the Year , no doubt . You ca n't beat Counterstrike 's natural combination of action and strategy , of realism and plain excitement ! I do n't see how even changing the way a player can jump across the screen -LRB- `` bunny-hopping '' -RRB- can diminish the great job that Gooseman and the new development team will have no problem doing with this game . Ca n't WAIT !
 I like this game its fun but as old as soldier of fortune 2 is it still kicks this games ass by far
 First of all , to correct all of the people whom are wrong , there are new weapons in the game , such as the two new grenades -LRB- gas grenades and the molotove cocktail -RRB- Weapons -LRB- balistic shield , and the LAW Rocket Launcher -RRB- and dont forget the Famas from 1.6 , and the defender from 1.6 ! There are many new maps , improved graphivcal affects , and many new terrorist skins as well as CT skins -LRB- the way people and characters look -RRB- . In my opinion , anybody whp buys this game is in for a real badass time with CS ! Anyone who opposes this game should run to the emergency room and recieve a CAT scan emedietly . BUY this game as soon as it comes out , I know i will !
 There are alot of people on these posts that think that this game is not going to function with Windows XP ... Counter Strike runs on XP , so why would they make CZ not compatible with XP ... Do n't be silly guys ... . This game is going to be the bomb !!! My only complaint is why have they pushed it back so many times ... . Release it already !!! But with the delays maybe there wo n't be so many issues to work through ...
 I love Counter-Strike its my favorite game right now i almost play it 24/7 . What im gettin at is that if Counter-Strike is this good then CZ is going to be awesome . CZ is going to have more player skins , more guns , and better graphics . Counter-Strike CZ is also going to rock cause not only can u go online but it also has single player now ! Well im sure that this game is going to be my favorite game for over a year ! ...
 Counterstrike RULES !!! I fully expect the new version to , not only titillate my eyeballs for hundreds of hours this year , but to drain my pocketbook , and annoy my roomate . See , i turn up the volume on my PC speaker system to 100 % when playing , so i can shake the walls and wake the neighbors with the sounds of my shotty blasts to your dome . My Counterstrike play illuminates the darkest corners of the globe . If it were n't for me playing CS for 4 + hours per day , your lights would go out , the sky would turn black , cats would chase dogs , & pure chaos would define this planet 's existance . If this new version will improve anything , especially regarding aural-shattering shizzotty , I 'M IN !!!!!!
 The only reason I want this game is to play the offline simulation against the improved AI . No more cheaters acting like they do n't cheat and no more having to cheat myself which makes the game too easy . I am actually pretty good at this game when I play with friends on LAN . Once online , without cheats , I am only average and there 's just no fun playing.It 's really frustrating to see all the hypocrisy . The banning from VAC is ridiculous as all you have to do is create a new steam account . What if you did pay for this game and got banned for so long just for wanting to play on equal grounds . However I will miss the opportunity to play against other human player but there 's always LAN playing .
 The game is delayed because they are still updating steam . With the money buy list , and the bots . Steam trying to make there network a larger community
 man , I know this will be a perfect game from perfect prequel but ... . what is taking so long !!! I pre-order this item for birthday present -LRB- 7/20 -RRB- and it said it 'll be released on 9/1/2003 back then . for the past three months I 've been reading every single article about CS : CZ and I really really really hope this game WILL be released on 12/30
 Uh huh . Yeah Baby ! This is supposed to be one of the best games coming out ! I cant wait . Theres a whole bunch of new weapons and maps , My favorite gun -LRB- thats new -RRB- is the Galil . A bit like the AK47 and a great `` Headshot Tool '' no ... the only reason I know about this gun is that I played `` Counter-Strike 1.6 Steam beta '' Its really fun for all of you Counter-Strike fans out there ! Really I 'm so desperate to get it !! I ca n't wait . I think ill preorder it right ... . NOW !!! Later Dudes !!
 I believe that cs is the greatest game of all time . The game is old and outdated but it is still the leading gaming in online first person shooters . When cs
 I 've played the first CS and Half Life . They were both an AWESOME GAME !!! Fantastical graphic and amazing stroyline -LRB- for Half life CS did n't really had a stroy -RRB- . I think Counter Strike is popular because recent stuffs about terrorism and terrorists.I am kind of sad because CS : CZ does n't have Multiplayer system like CS had . But I am pretty darn sure that it will be the Game of the year and the best selling Game
 I have been playing this game for 32 months and there is no game that has ever tested your skills this way , and there is no game this fun . I have never gotten bored of playing this game , infact I play this game 24/7 and I never get tired while engaged in this thrilling and realistic game . This game will have new Weapons , Maps , Terrorist/Counter-Terrorist Models , and an optional 1 Player Mode . Anyone who is new to this game and is concerned about hackers ruining the fun in the game , there is a protection against hacking called HLguard -LRB- Half-Life -RRB- or CSguard -LRB- Counter-Strike -RRB- servers with this installed and if that 's not enough , you can just play the new 1 Player Mode with skillfull AI Bots and a non-hack enviroment . ! FOR THE PARENTS ! -------- > Please notice that this game is rated `` M '' for Mature and includes gore and Adult Language when chatting and tehre are logos that players can spray everywhere in a server with pornography , and there is no control over this unless the ADMIN of the server feels that it is in-appropriate -LRB- which usually they do n't -RRB- the ADMIN will kick/boot that person . If you launch Counter-Strike and go to configuration you can turn off the language you feel is in-appropriate for your child.Recommended For Enjoyable And Non-Hassle GamePlay.-256K Modem -LRB- DSL -RRB- Connection or higher -LRB- Cable , T1 etc. -RRB- - nvidia Gforce2 Video Card -LRB- or any nvidia and no VooDoo -RRB- - A Very Functional Mouse -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- -LRB- Cheap Mouse -RRB- - GameSpy 3D -- Do n't pay for Gamespy , use the one without all capabilities . You will still be able to do everything you need to play Counter-Strike ----- ... ----- For People Who Have Never Played Counter-Strike , low ping is good go into servers with ping around 115 or lower.I hope this review has helped you in any way possible . I suggest kids over 12 or 13 of age should be able to play this game.Thank you -- Clayton Davis
 I love the game of Counter Strike , even though I use a 56k modem , but if you can find a good server , which is easy , because you are able to filter out servers over a certain ping , then you can use any connection.Counter Strike
 I have read a few reviews , and they are almost right . After installing Condition Zero , I clicked on the icon and proceded to play a regular game of counter strike , with mild upgrades , against bots whom are suprisingly realistic . This was cool but I felt ripped off at the same time . Then I clicked on the Counter Strike deleted scenes icon that setup had placed on my desktop and found an entirely different game . This game had all new terains , weapons , models , and layout -LRB- plays kind of like half life -RRB- Evidentally the Deleted scenes are what was actually being advertised . After finding this , I no longer felt ripped off , and am contently looking forward to a new T vs CT conflict . So if you do buy this game , go ahead and play the original with the bots , it is still fun -LRB- and seems a little more stable than the original -RRB- But if that gets old , remember that there is an entire new game named Counter Strike Deleted Scenes -LRB- a stupid and misleading name -RRB- on your desktop .
 This is my favorite battle game . I started by playing Half-Life first , which in addition to `` boots on the ground '' battle against online opponents , also has an incredible story plot solo game included . But Counter-Strike is all about the battle between terrorists and counter terrorists , and bringing the battle right into your soul . What Condition Zero , the latest release from Sierra does so well , is it allows you to fight offline with robots , or ` bots ' , as they are called in this genre . You can set their skill level low so you can be the hero and hold your own , and not get slaughtered by the pros you would otherwise meet in the online network option . Playing with the bots is my favorite way to play . It also alleviates any trouble you might have with a slow internet connection . I want to have to struggle , but I enjoy coming out the hero in most of the bot matches . At the beginning of each round you get money to use to equip yourself with the necessary kevlar armor , as well as submachine guns and rifles , etc , based on real world counter-terrorist police gear . If your team wins , then the next round you have more money to buy better weapons and gear . By the way , each round lasts about 10 minutes , so if you get shot , you float like a ghost and observe until a few minutes later when a whole new round commences.The 3d graphics are great , the approximately 20 maps are varied such as Chateau , Train Station , Aztec , Desert , etc. . The sounds are very realistic , right down to the sound of the brass casings bouncing on the floor as you fire your mp5 at your enemy . There is solo game story adventure included , which even includes a training mission . Counter-Strike is the # 1 selling first person shooter in the world , bar none . Not to be missed ! Website
 I received my copy of CS : CZ on Friday -LRB- it is now Monday -RRB- . I 've had a chance to play it over the weekend . For those familiar with the old Counterstrike , CZ keeps the old maps , but bumps up the graphic details and adds three new game modes.My favorite aspect of CZ is the new game modes . First , there is the online version of Counterstrike . Think of this as the existing version with a graphical facelift . Second , you can play a single person match of CZ w/Bots . The Bots can be switched from Easy/Normal/Hard / Expert mode to provide a challenging single player match . The single player match is great practice for online play . Third , there is a ladder system match where you have objectives to complete . For example , you may be tasked with eliminating six terrorists , eliminating one with a pistol and rescuing four hostages . You must complete all three objectives and win at least three rounds and win by two -LRB- e.g. 3 rounds to 1 , 4 to 2 , etc. -RRB- to complete the ladder mission . In this mode you select teammates based on skill points earned . Finally , there is a gaming mode where you have a series of specific missions to complete . These are found on the disc 2 -LRB- CS : CZ Deleted Scenes -RRB- . For example , your chopper is shot down and you must make it to the extraction point , or you must infultrate a terrorist camp and rescue the prisoners.For the pure online play , CZ is not that much different that the current version of the older Counterstrike -LRB- v 1.6 -RRB- . CZ does add some impressive graphic detail that make the existing maps more interesting . The real gem with CZ is the addition of the new gaming modes.Overall I really like CZ and would recommend it to anyone who is looking to expand their CounterStrike experience beyond just multiplayer online .
 By - Tom HamPosted By - Dark Spectre `` In Condition Zero players have a much greater sense of purpose , '' continues Pitchford , `` This never really comes across well in the online game . In Condition Zero , failure has greater consequences and success offers greater rewards . As a Counter Terrorist , for example , you 're going in there , getting shot at and putting your life on the line in order to save the lives of innocent civilians . Or , play the game from the other side and see how it feels to not be able to protect your squad mates with simple armor vests because failures in previous missions have left you short of funding . These things types of things are new to Condition Zero and really amplify the excitement of the game as well as keep us coming back for more . `` Taking the project over from Rouge Entertainment , the Gearbox team basically had to start from scratch . `` I actually have been speaking with Valve about Counter-Strike and things that could be done with it for quite a while , '' continues Pitchford , `` We all knew CS was going to be special . '' Amen to that.When you sit down with Randy Pitchford and his partner , Brian Martel , art czar at Gearbox , you ca n't help but feel their passion and enthusiasm for the game . This editor thought that we here at GameSpy were hardcore players , bah ! These guys were nuts . `` We know there are a lot of CS fans out there , '' says Martel . `` We have the team and the tools to take CS to the next level . '' And this level of excitement does n't stop at the top ; it permeates through everyone else on the team . From the artists to the level designers , everyone involved is determined to make Condition Zero something truly special.The Single-Player Game `` The single-player game will have approximately 30-40 missions and over 16 new maps , '' says Pitchford . What 's cool is that all of these maps can be both played in multiplayer as well as the single-player game . We 're introducing a new Russian CT called the Russian Spetznaz and a new Terrorist faction as well . '' An interesting gameplay addition to the single-player game is the inclusion of training . `` Each side will have training , '' continues Pitchford , `` When you 're squad earns money , they can fund various skills . These skills include weapons training , bomb defusal , sniper skills , and even camping skills . '' Now does this mean we 'll watch our units go into training ? `` No , not at all , '' says Pitchford , `` It 's basically an upgrade you purchase in the game , just like you would purchase a weapon or item . '' What 's cool about these skills is that there will be one for every weapon class and one each tactic -LRB- bomb defusal , sniping , etc. -RRB- How many skills does this add up to ? You do the math ; it 's quite a bit.With all this talk about fellow squad mates and units , you got ta wonder , who is controlling these guys in the single-player game ? Have you ever heard of Pod Bot ? `` We have the best guy in the biz doing the AI for Condition Zero , '' says Pitchford . `` We 've got Markus Klinge on board , the guy who created Pod Bot . He 's doing all the AI for the units in the game . '' So just how good is the AI ? As a joke , the Gearbox guys put yours truly in a multiplayer game where the player 's names were folks on the CZ team . After a few frustrating rounds , we later found out that the other players were indeed bots programmed by Klinge . How good were they ? So convincingly real it was almost eerie . They not only camped , but were also adept with the AWP and their ability to cover for one another was remarkable . Remember how smart the Marines were in Half-Life ? Imagine bots ten times as intelligent .
 CS : CZ is actually two games . Condition Zero is team play using the built in bots . There are 5 tour of duties , each with 3 different maps . Most of which are from the original Counter Strike , but with added graphics . There are 3 levels of difficulty , easy , normal , and hard . Each tour of duty has map goals that must be completed before you can secure that map . Goals range from obtaining a certain number of kills , to rescueing hostages , to completing the round in under a certain time limit , or a combination of all . My opinion is that the enemy bots seem to always be better than your own team.The other game is Condition Zero - Deleted Scenes . This is more like the original Half Life . There is a puzzle that has to be solved to complete the level . Its not as fast paced as the first game , at least not in the beginning -LRB- I havent played it all the way through yet -RRB- . My biggest complaint about the game has nothing to do with the game itself . It has to do with the games dependence on Valves STEAM client -LRB- www.steampowered.com -RRB- . Currently , the only way to receive patches and updates is by installing the STEAM client . If you do , you will have to play your game through STEAM , which creates a complete copy of your czero directory -LRB- wasting hard drive space -RRB- . It will not save your games to the original directory . If the STEAM network can not be reached then you will not be able to play the game unless you play using the original CD . And of course you will have to start over because all of the saved games will be in the STEAM folder instead of the original czero folder . I understand that STEAM is designed to eliminate piracy . But as usual , it ruins the game players experience by forcing unnecessary restrictions.If you have a broadband connection and you do n't mind being dependent on STEAM for your online gaming and updates then I recommend buying the game . If you would rather play on a LAN or mostly in single player mode , and want the option to download patches , I suggest waiting until the CS : CZ people get the message and start offering the updates for download before you buy this game.I give the stand alone game 4 stars - 5 stars with the updates only available through STEAM - I give STEAM 1 star , its a good idea implemented incorrectly .
 Condition zero is going to be the next best game of the year . Counter Strike is just some people have fun with Condition zero is where the big boys will play !
 I went to all the store and could ' t find CS ZERO !! If someone got this game , please writte here !
 I have been playing CS for about 2 years now , and still play on a 56k modem connection . Sure sometimes it can get a little bit laggy , but it primarily depends on the server that you are playing on . If the server is far away , or has a bad connection , or is just run on a outa date machine . Its not as much the download time that this game depends on , but more on the upload side of the server . If the server is running less than 512kbps , then you might as well not play on it.Point being , that even if you are using 56k connection , this game will still suite your needs . All the members of my clan are on 56k , and have proved to many , that its not all about the connection , but the skill . 30 pingers are nothin , we eatem up everyday , allday long.See ya online : -RRB-
 Counter-Strike was and still is the # 1 Online Game . This game would be the best and will be remembered throuhgout history as the game that beat Halo at a mile ... -LRB- Mess with the best , die like the rest -RRB-
 when is the game is out in sinagpore.i am from singapore and i love to buy your counter-strike : condition zero . Eamil me to tell me when isthe game coming . plz reply as fast as u can .
 Well I have been playing CS since it came out like the day after . and have enjoyed playing it . but i also have a slow dial up conn. so i quit playing it for a while , I practice with bots so itll be fun to have real mission objectives . Well later .
 CMON people , counter strike works with windows xp and of course cs : cz will , and if it is not going to have you ever thougt about right clicking on the cstrike.exe and properties and '' run as windows 98 '' and of course windows xp is or is going to be the most used Operating System so OF COURSE CS : CZ WIL WORK FOR WINDOWS XP !!!
 This game is so much fun . Counter Strike was so much fun . If you are a counter - strike fan i think you should buy this game from amazon because it is so easy . The game is the best .
 simpel cool and stuning i like the bloode
 This game is a must buy , Valve has made some intresting games and i think this game is the most intresting so far ... If You aRe looking foward to playing a fun PC game this is the answer ...
 Counter Strike
 This game will be so freaking awsome the curent counter-strike is awsome and this is an expanded version with new technology i ca n't wait to see this one : > . if you like shooting terorists and or being one get this and halflife : counter-strike . hl : cs has proven to be one of the bestonline multyplayer games no , wait i take that back it is the best and cs : cz should prove to live up to this expectation .
 If u love multi play , this will keep u there for hours , PLUS this version has single player/co-op missions as well , CANT BEAT THAT : P
 Ok , I 've been with Counter-Strike the generation since it first hit stores and became retail a few years back . Ever since I have been playing the game mostly through my week and my growing life . I stopped playing it last week because of all the new Sierra HL series coming out . I recommend this game , You will get allot of action the only problem with the original CS is that allot of hackers are around now and will totally get on your nerves if you dont get on the right servers so make sure you enter a VAC server or a CAL.CFG server for better results while trying to go into and server and get away from those hackers 3-4 years of playing Counter-Strike and finally a newer version i ca n't wait !!!
 First of all , Counter Strike is most certainly one of the best games out there . The action is continuous and the reply value is superb . However , if you have a Pentium III do not buy this item . I 've got a III at 1 GHz and it 's simply not fast enough to run this game . I 'm not talking about a little bit of lag during online play . I 'm talking about conditions like a continuous lag spike of over 4000 the entire time you play . -LRB- If you play counter strike , you know how impossible these conditions are . -RRB- Therefore , this game is impossible to play if you do n't have a P IV . Just keep this in mind before you purchase .
 Notice how the only people giving this game bad reviews are those who already played CS or Half Life
 this is basically 1.6 smoothed out with bots -LRB- which are better & more human like in thier actions than i thought they would be -RRB- at first the bots have a pause before they shoot , so i figure this game sucks.other than the multi player maps are better.but as i get farther along this is getting better . the `` condition zero : deleted sceens '' is cool too.its a story line single player just kill kill kill easy.if you suck a cs this is great practice to improve your game.if your already good its worth it just to see what they 've done to your favorite maps & check out the new ones.if you never played cs get it.it rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I hope there are never any vehicles in CS . CS is about simulating counter-terrorism , not full on war . It 's a completely different type of situation that BF1942 .
 Ok think about this
 New to the Half Life Series ? Die-hard Counter-Strike fan ? In any case , this game is an example of brilliant A.I.Everyone knows that Counter-Strike is a game of tactics -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , team work -LRB- this NEVER happens . . -RRB- , and amusement -LRB- this happens ALL the time -RRB- . This game maintains the original Counter-Strike 's obsessity . A BRILLIANT A.I is added in this game , and your team mates , actually cooperate with you . Although , only in single player do your team mates actually cooperate with you.The classic maps are back with some new features , and the maps have a completly new look . Enhanced Graphics make this quite enjoyable.This game is very fun , but as with all things , it gets old . After completing one level of difficulty in single player , there 's not much else to do . If you go to a higher difficulty , its the same maps , same missions , but with more objectives -LRB- example
 By - Tom HamPosted By - Dark SpectreIt goes without saying that Counter-Strike is the most popular online multiplayer game right now . Simply blowing the doors off Quake III Arena , Unreal Tournament , Tribes II and even the recently released Return to Castle Wolfenstein multiplayer test , the number of folks playing Counter-Strike is truly astounding . According to GameSpy statistics , on the average , there are at least 30 to 40,000 people playing Half-Life at any given time . Going one step further shows that about 90 percent of those are playing Counter-Strike . But all this gaming nirvana has one important caveat -- players need a high-speed connection . Unless you have broadband access via cable or DSL , you 're pretty much outta luck . Sure you can play with an archaic ... err standard 56K connection , but come on people , we all know it 's just not the same.Enter Gearbox Software -LRB- the brilliant minds responsible for Half-Life
 I dont undestand these people who are giving this game 1 , or 2 , or even 3 stars . They must have expected something completely different . I have owned , and enjoyed Counter-Strike for about 5 years or so , if I remember correctly . This goes back to the days when the m4a1 had a scope on it . Yea , it did . This is quite literally the only game that could hold my attention this long . It also , quite sadly as far as games go these days , is one of the most realistic shooters , that have a high level of fun involved in it as well . What I mean by that is the pysics are so realistic in this game . You can wet down a house , fense , or most other materials with a powerfull weapon , like an AK , or M4 , or so on , and hit whatever is on the other side of it . Something that most games -LRB- God knows why -RRB- dont bother putting in . YOU CAN SHOOT THROUGH WALLS . It is the best part of this game . You hear someone jump into the vent ? BLAST IT , you will kill the b -- tard . Weapon realism is as good as any game out today , and this is the year 2004 , this goes back to Couter-Strike , say 98 . That says quite a bit about this game.All in all , I say ignore the negative reviews , and spend the $ 40 on this game . It would be the same as spending 40 on the Half-Life series , and getting the mod of Counter-Strike . Oh yea , I forgot to mention , this is basically Counter-Strike , with juiced up graphix , plus bots , which are pretty cool actually . I can guarantee you some of the best online play you will ever experience . Over 10,000 people play both CS , and CZ put together , so that can give you an idea of how good this game is .
 i reacon this game is a breakthrough . The grapics are excellent , there are more weapons than the other counter strikes and if you havent got it GET IT . The A.I. will blow you away litterally . So just get it
 Even though Amazon says its out , I 'm not too sure . Check every other game site . They all say Mid-March . Do n't get your hopes up . I 'll believe it when the game is in my hands , not just the pre-order box . I 'm looking foward to this release but I do n't expect it for another year if we are lucky . I 'm sure Valve or Ritual , or whoever is in charge of this mess , will screw this release up badly. : update - WHAT A SURPRISE !! I WAS RIGHT !!
 Well , its finally the 30th of November , and amazon did not change the date , im gon na go check it out , everyone should get this game , its well worth it , well thats what I think . Merry Xmas , n Happy New Year !
 This will have way better grafix , way better player models , , and a lot more player models . No more of the entire terrorist team being the 1337 kr3w model . There are new weapons , like the machete , Galil , FAMAS , Molotov Cocktail , gas gernade , law , and the M-60E3 ... / The AI for the single player is suposed to be really good , the enimy just doesnt sit there , then all of a sudden wake up when he sees you , they patroll , learn from what happened before . Counter-Strike -LRB- a 3 year old game -RRB- still has thousands of people playing it all at once . I think condition zero will be as fun , or even funner than what cs is now !!!
 You should buy this game because you ca n't play CS online anymore.Valve took down its WON servers so you are going to have to update to 1.6 anyway . Might as well buy CZ and get the whole thing overwith . Most server owners out there are buying CZ because it does n't really cost that much . Not really . And you get to play online as much as you want without having to pay $ 20 a month like evercrack.I say all this because I myself run a server for Condition Zero.All you people who bought it before come play on my server . Its for newbs only and it has the added wc3 , which is free , it downloads by itself from my server . wc3counterstrike.com is race based , with special abilities per kill and per hostage rescue/bomb plant.Lots of admins on all the time . Come on down and have some fun . And if you do n't have the game yet , hurry up and buy it and play with us !
 Counter-Strike is the best . It 's not UT2K4 or Halo , it 's a team based game that puts good vs. bad . You do 1 of 2 things
 OK , where do I begin ? Counter-strike was named game-of-the-year , not Condition Zero , -LRB- so , do n't say cs-cz was dubbed that -RRB- * mumbles * giving it one star for them saying that , yeah right , * mumbles * well , anyways ... . cs-cz sounds very promising , and I bet it will be just as good and cs was , giving it a prominant chance at getting game-of-the-year award . that 's all I have to say bout that . if you want a good first-person shooter , I recommend this . to be honest , though , I do n't think it should have been rated M. I think it should be T . The only reason that could come to mind is cause of the theme . since 9-11 , games like these have got a lot of critisism , so , for all you mom 's out there , its not that violent . its mainly the theme . have fun !!!!
 This game is going to be the best game out , adding new dimensions to the Half-Life add on -LRB- mod -RRB- . The new weapons are set too look and feel -LRB- yes feel -RRB- brilliant , this is the game to buy , worth every pound and penny you buy it for . Also a edited Half-Life engine will make it perfect , the Half-Life engine is -LRB- id say -RRB- the best around , editing it for such a great game can only mean its going to be amazingly better . Buy it and have fun ...
 Graphics
 Yo for all you who wan na know : Counter-Strike : Condition Zero is supposed to come out Spring 2002 , not December ! - Spectre
 I dont know where all of you are getting this wont be any better than 1.6 at . HAVE YOU LOOKED AT THE 1.6 GRAPHICS . That fact alone makes me want to buy this game just so the graphics are good again . There is also a single player mode which any good CS player has been wanting since the release of the first one . New maps and weapons will most likely be in the making if not already in the game . ITS GON NA BE SWEET !!
 The game is already fun now with cs : cz is going to be more fun because it going to have better maps , game play , graphics , and now with people without internet can play single player mode . But what I dont like about this game is that is not going to be able to be played in Windows XP because is only for Windows 95/98/Me and more but not for Windows XP . That is what i dont like that im not going to be able to play this game and gets me sad becouse im a hardcore cs fan that I almost go evry day to a cyber computer place and pay now I just found out that CS : CZ is only going to have same requirements it is not going to have windows XP . That is why I wrotte this because im sure im not the only cs fan out there people are buying new computers that only come with windows XP .
 It 's Counter-Strike the most best game ever . Counter-strike was and is still rated best mutiplayer game , CS : CZ has mutiplayer that means it is going to be rated best mutiplayer again . and the most coolest thing thats going to happen with CS : CZ is that it has single player missions with better graphics more guns , and diffrent skins . -LRB- this part for those n00b who cheat and hack in cs -RRB- u stupid kids out there . stop cheating in cs and buy CS : CZ and cheat in SINGLE PLAYER and never come back to mutiplayer !!! see that is really good b/c then we wo n't have any hackers in mutiplayer any more . and I get banned and get kicked from almost every single public server there is in this world b/c they think im cheating/hacking . i 've been playing cs since it first came out -LRB- 4 years ago -RRB- so its going to be cool for me b/c i ca n't get kicked in single player . some new stuff that Gearbox added to bots in single player is that the bots memorize where u went if u die so the bots always go the diffrent way . -LRB- look at MGS 1 and 2 -LRB- Metal Gear Solid -RRB- the bots r always at the same place so people could beat a level so easly if they die once . but that will never happen again in CS : CZ . cool hu ? -RRB- if u have cs and really like cs then u HAVE to get this game since 's when CS : CZ comes out there will wo n't be any CS v 1.6 or 1.7 etc. the multiplayer will only use CS : CZ BAD THING FOR Multiplayer is that if u use 56k modem u will lag a little if u have Cable modem/DSL/T1 / T3 then u will have no problem playin the multiplayer but if u have 26k then do n't even think about playing in multiplayer , trust me if u play with 26k then only thing u 'll do is just ruin ur reputation thats all . so get CS : CZ its going to be that best . THIS GAME IS NOT A MOD IT IS RETAIL AND RETAIL ONLY
 If this game is just an gfx engine update with single player it will be the best game ever . Hopefuly they will take out the awp and not make the weapons out of balance .
 Counter-Strike Condition Zero is best tactical shooting game on planet Earth !!! I recomend this game to everyone that likes shooting games ! Plus there are thousands of maps ! I give this game an A + + + + + for the weapons and maps plus you get to go online with it !!! Bye .
 im a new fan and know i understand why my friends like to go to internet places , one reason only couter strike simply is the best and know with a new ct , cz is going to be more fun.im 27 years old and i love this game , but if youare married dont do it , she will kick you outthis game is addictive .
 Do n't go dissing CS
 This game is cool I have a link between my Brothers and My Computer so i get to kill him -LRB- ha ha ha -RRB- Thsi really brought CounterStrike to life . So you CS Lovers get here and but itDave
 i 've played this game since beta 4 -LRB- approx 4 years -RRB- and this game is just as great as it was when i first played it , if anything it is getting more realistic , they add guns and none of them r fake like they r in the quake series or unreal tourney . this game is bar far one of the best online FPS 's of our time and i have a hunch it 'll hold that title for quite some time .
 When i came to play cs for the first time i was amazed on how great of a game it is . I know many people disagree with me because its not a complete counter terrorism game , it has its flaws . CS dosent have all the great skins or weapons that a game , lets say Ghost Recon has , its also not as realistic . But for some reason theres people up all night playing the game . People all around the world who have been enjoying it since its arival . All i have to say that if CS can draw so many experienced players of other hardcore pc games , Condition Zero will 10x that . As i say in the title lets hope it will be a great game . From what i 've read it seems that valve and sierra have put great and extensive time into this game . I recommend anybody who comes across it when it FINALLY comes out to try it out .
 Soldier of Fortune is an awesome game but instead of this game ? whatever . Alright , lot of you guys do n't like it because you ca n't play as a terrorist . Are you guys crazy ? why do you wan na be a terrorist ? you planning to hit the empire state building ? I 'm just kidding lol I know I do n't like it either but Playing as a CT is awesome too ! and you can play as a terrorist in custom play and multi play that 's all that counts right ? I mean all the good players go to multi player instead of single play mission . Some of you guys think this is a waste of money because you already have CS . well I do n't care really cause this game has better graphics ~ it does n't show distorted weird crazy looking walls at dust and aztec and many more maps . You got ta buy this game man
 I have been playing Counter-Strike from 1.4 , and now it 's up to 1.6 , Ive had a lot of great experiences with Counter-Strike , it 's a real fun game , really reliable , steam is a little buggy right now but im sure valve will fix it . I seen something about Steam adding CS-CZ to steam ? I wonder if they will , or if they already did . WON , was a well run/updated server , sierra has great management of their games . Well I hope this review helped you.Thank 's
 I think this one is better because I am a DragonBall Series Fan and I enjoy all 3 of the shows alot . So I bought this and I enjoy this alot better than that spongebob Sh*t and this is really cool .
 This is an interesting format to watch a video in ; until a few years ago , I had no idea that you COULD record a video on a gaming-style cartridge.The quality of the video is pretty good , considering the format . The animation is a bit choppy , but that is to be expected from a cartridge-style video-recording . I very much enjoy the extreme portability of this format , as I can slip both the video cartridge and the `` player '' -LRB- i.e. , my portable gaming console -RRB- into my pocket.Overall , this is a good value for the money , with many positive points .
 My nephew who is 8 yrs old loves it . His non-stop WATCHING his video and it allows him to watch his video and allows me to watch television at the same time , instead of taking turn with him on our T.V.
 This is great ! Even though the graphics are a bit iffy , it was great !
 This is by far the best EA has created in their FIFA series . The atmosphere , graphics , and user interface are much improved over last year 's version , but there are still some areas that need improvement.First , the positives : The gameplay is pretty realistic . The defense is much harder to break down than in previous versions , which seems to keep the scoreline in check.The players do n't have superhuman ball control like in 2004 , and are even less sure-footed than 2005 , so you 'll actually see even the best players take a bad touch more often.As far as the graphics go , I believe they 're pretty strong . EA could have definitely done better on some of the players ' resemblances , but the overall look of the stadiums , game action , and atmosphere is much improved over previous versions.The new commentary is a nice touch . Having played the last two releases of FIFA , hearing some new commentary and a new voice is a nice touch.Career Mode is much better in most ways . Although you are still limited to a 15-year career , the team management , player contracts , sponsor deals , and scouting add some new challenges to the career-minded player.The negatives : AI on the defense is ridiculous at times . It 's been hard to gain a lot of possession due to the fact that if you 're pressuring a defender , he will dribble away from you . He 'll just dribble back to the 18-yard line and then kick it out-of-bounds . The fact that the computer is happy with dribbling in their third of the field with little ambition to move forward is a bit annoying and unrealistic ... especially when they are losing by just a single goal.This is not so much of a negative , but a warning . In career mode , you need to be careful with your budgeting . After 2-and-a-half seasons with Fiorentina , I was fired with a 17-1-0 record , while also still being alive in both the Italian Cup and Champions League . Performance on the field did n't matter when the money started drifting into negative numbers.Finally , it 's very difficult to build a powerhouse like Chelsea did in real life . The amount that the sponsors give your team does n't seem to foot the bill for a team with more than a couple high-quality players . Winning tournaments and fulfilling sponsor agreements will provide you with the means to purchase good players , but the weekly salaries of these players might find you in a precarious position -LRB- see previous warning -RRB- . It 's also difficult to recruit these players , as many of the teams that I have tried to purchase players from , like Milan for instance , will tell you that they do n't have enough players for an outright purchase . This can be frustrating since EA makes you start with a sub-par team.Regardless , I have to give this game four stars for its attempts , successes , and improvement in realistic gameplay . Although there are a few flaws in the gameplay , it 's still the best that EA has put out to date . EA 's ability to provide up-to-date rosters , true-to-life stadium environments and kits , and solid graphics definitely help make it fun to play . I 'd recommend it for any soccer fan who has stayed loyal to the EA series . You 'll definitely enjoy the improvements .
 After years of sloppy gameplay and after almost beating my XBox to death over frustration of playing the FIFA 05 version . EA Fifa 's is finally looking like a player 's videogame . In this year 's version the gameplay is WAYYYYYYYY better . You can actually control what you want your player to do . In the past years that was only a dream . The reason why I bought it this year is because I actually played it before buying it and love it . Great chants of popular teams , and like previous editions great graphics , Included as well are all the latest FIFA rosters plus some cool new stadiums . The reason why i give this game a 4 star is because is because is FIFA 06 , the year of the World Cup . And the tournament is NOT included like in FIFA 2002 . The reason for that is that in November 21 the Xbox 360 version of FIFA 06 will come out , and there EA included the World Cup for the low hyped price of $ 59.99 . I guess they thought we will spit $ 60 for the game after spitting the $ 400 of the Xbox 360 . Thats this years choice . Buy the xbox version or wait a month and half for the xbox 360 version in you have that kind of money .
 Everyone is entitled to their own opinions , but I must say that some of the negative reviews I have read are completely unfounded . You must first ask yourself what you are looking for in a game : * a challenge ? In Fifa 06 the AI is much improved , and you will need to utilize strategy in order win . Basically , this is n't a game that you will simply pick up right away and beat opponents 4-0 . It is competitive but not so challenging that you will throw down the controller in frustration . Obviously , the more you play , the better you will become , and you can always change AI levels to suit your taste . * fun ? Whether it is a single match or head-to-head play with a friend , Fifa 06 will have you cheering outloud when you score the go ahead goal . It really does n't matter if you are a fan of soccer or not , you will enjoy this game . * replay value ? There are plenty of game modes for your entertainment
 This game is really good . It is way better than last years . It is so much fun . I just got it yesterday and i 'm still discovering new things .
 I 've been an avid FIFA fan since it came out . In fact 99 % of my gaming is spent on the most recent version of FIFA . FIFA 2006 is by far the best version yet . Game play has been touched up to give a better handle on the game . Players movements on both sides of the pitch seem to be more accurate to reality . Additionally refs handing out cards and calling hand ball seem to be more on par with the numbers you may see in a real match . As far as game play this game has made up for unrealistic versions of the past . Added features to '06 are also improved . I appreciate the `` loan '' feature in the transfers section , as well as the sponsors , leader board , and other fine tuning the creaters have done . Chants and pitches are great . The extras seems a great improvement as well -LRB- more 3rd kits available this time around -RRB- . HOWEVER , they still have missed two or three key elements . One , in manager mode you still can not choose all teams from the onset . This has been my biggest frustration . Being a Manchester United fan for almost 20 years , it frustrates me that I can not take on the club in Manager mode from the beginning -- sure you can get there in a season or two , but then some players have retired , such as Roy Keane and Ryan Giggs . Allow all teams to be choosen from in the Manager mode . Second , allow player to set up the starting 11 in the CPUs team before the game begins . Sure some folks may weaken a team , but I 'd like the option of setting up the CPUs team from starting 11 to the bench . Third , allow person in Manager mode to have a say in CPU transfers . Again some folks may use this to weaken teams but others will utilize this option to make the Manager Mode more difficult .
 THIS IS THE BEST SOCCER GAME SO FAR , FIFA 2006 IS GREAT AND THE BEST PLAYER IN THIS GAME IS DJIBRIL CISSE HE HAS A RATING OF 89 BUT PLAYS MORE LIKE A 99 PLAYER COMPARED TO RONALDO AND HENRY . BUY THIS GAME IF YOUR A SOCCER FAN AND WANT TO PLAY A GAME THAT IS REALISTIC !
 this game is sick you could do crazy dekes you could make the other player look dumb.theres also maneger mode its really good you could actualy get better coaches if you go under budget you could get fired and it tells you your ratings from 1 to 10 first you have to start off with a not to good team then when you get better thats when you get to pick the good teams.and you get to create your own tournement thats pretty cool . I reccomend you to buy fifa 06 its a great game
 Very fun . I wish they came up with more tricks . The off-ball-players control is very good . Realistic . Would recommend
 i bought this as a gift and the recipient loved it .
 Man I got this game Friday and still today Im learning new cool stuff such as man marking.This is used to make a defender mark the striker this game is AWSome it 's totally worth the money the Graphics th up 2 date player this game is super cool i recomend it to everyone one who likes soccer but 4 the beginners it 's kinda hard but fun .
 Great Game the only bad thing about is that you cant select the club team you want to play . In manager mode they will not let you select one of the better teams . But a way around this is to do club transfers before selecting teams to make sure you play with the players that you want to play with .
 This Fifa 06 is just great ! Thhis new game is better than all the others before together ! A completely new manager mode were morale is fundamental and very good graphics are some things that make this Fifa perfect ! Its worth the price , Buy it !
 I have played every EA soccer game since their inception and I would have to say that this is the best version ever . The game play is a vast improvement over any other year and there are many extra features to unlock . It is also very challenging . If you love soccer gaming , you can not go wrong with this one . Buy it !
 When you play this soccer game , you will quickly realize why this is the best selling soccer franchise in the world .
 This is probably one of the better -LRB- if not insanely dumb -RRB- parodies I 've played . The game has the irreverence of `` You Do n't Know Jack '' and plays on everyone 's secret wish to beat the * # % $ -LRB- out of those people who win the millions on TV . The trivia is challenging the further you get . Note , however , it tends to crash in Windows XP .
 At first Burnout just seems too simple . I wondered if it would really be fun for more than a few minutes . Well , the gameplay is simple , but incredibly fun.Standard gameplay is a lightweight `` career '' mode in which you advance through the game by winning races . You pick a car from a rather generic , limited set and race on city streets against several other contenders . Along the way you 'll be driving into oncoming traffic , running redlights and testing every driving violation at over 100 mph . Get into an accident and you 'll see a cool replay of the indicent and be shown an insurance estimate for the damage : -RRB- The courses are reasonably long , but the game itself can be completed pretty quickly -LRB- just a few days in my experience -RRB- . Also , the graphics are nothing special . However , the fast paced action makes this a strong contender as one of the best XBox driving games currently available .
 If you play this game for 6 minutes you will be hooked.I have completed the PS2 version of this game . I usally get bored before I complete most games , but this one is very addictive . You just want to keep playing.As you get better at it , you will be able to avoid oncoming traffic and obsticles with what seams like incredible skill , which will make your friends gasp with amazement.The Xbox should make this very fast game even faster.I might get one just for this game , even though I already have it .
 If you 're looking for a great racer for Xbox , look no further than Burnout.It has great graphics , it 's exciting , and the crashes are very realistic.Burnout plays like any ordinary racing game.Try to finish in first place.But , you also have to drive recklessly through a fully populated city.If you drive into oncoming traffic , and almost miss other cars , you 'll fill your Burnout meter , and when it 's full , you gain an incredible amount of speed.So fast , everything around you -LRB- cars , ECT . -RRB- will start to blur!PROS :1 . Great graphics2.Exciting gameplay3.You get to go super-fast4 . You have to weave through a fully populated city , avoiding crashes5.Realistic crashesCONS :1 . Only a few cars to choose from2.Only a few courses3.Whenever you crash , the game shows two or three replays of it , meanwhile other cars are leaving you in the dust _________________________________________________________________ GRAPHICS
 This game is way cool . The updated graphics over the ps2 version is worth a purchase again . I loved this game on ps2 , but I love it even more on the XBOX.The controls are good and the crashes are great.If you have an XBOX you have to get this game , IT ROCKS .
 This game is one of the only few games that you can crash with cars . The awesome thing is that it tells you how much money you would have to pay for both for your damage and the damage of the other cars . You can flip in the air !!! My gosh . If you like car racing games and you positively LOVE crashing . Just spend a little bit of $ $ $ for this great game !!!
 In this game , there is no such thing as saying `` slow down '' . It is really fast and if you are a wreckless driver you can go even faster . It also has great graphics and sound . The crashes are really realistic and it gives you an insurance cost for each crash . But there is n't very many cars to choose from and not very many courses . But besides that it is the coolest game in the world and you have to buy it .
 This game reminds me in a lot of ways of ` The Need for Speed ' series on the PS -LRB- Which I really miss -RRB- . In fact , the only thing this game is lacking is POLICE chases . ` BURNOUT ' is , well , FAST ! I love the sense of speed . There is absolutely NO SLOWDOWN and the FRAME RATE is a perfect 60 fps -LRB- I always look for those two things first -RRB- . The buildings look as good as ` Project Gotham ' but flying by at a blistering speed . The trees look kinda funky , but they 're easy to ignore . The game , to me , has a few flaws . The cars are a little weak in detail and there are n't enough to chose from . They say there is 14 tracks , but really only three or four but there are different conditions -LRB- like day , night or dusk -RRB- and maybe slight alternate routes . Kind of like ` Project Gotham ' or ` Test Drive-Off Road -LRB- Xbox -RRB- . Also , I really wish game makers would create more options to remove all the junk off the screen -LRB- mph , time , laps remaining , position , etc. -RRB- I like all that -LSB- stuff -RSB- removed -LRB- Rush 2049-Dreamcast is perfect in that aspect -RRB- . NONE of these complaints ruin this game for me . I love the big crashes and the awesome speed . POLICE chases would have made it better to me . A diffenate rental , if you do n't mind repititon , buy it . I beat this game in only a few short hours . But , I still find myself wanting to get back in the drivers seat for a taste of some wild speed .
 This game is really cool . It has the best crashes I have ever seen . It is really challenging . There are lots of options to choose from and cool sound effects . It even has a crash replay option so if you wreck and you want to see it again , you can see it as many times as you want.I reccomend this game to anyone who has an Xbox .
 burnout is on top of the list for racing games with a bullrt.grand turismo was the best for a while but its time is over burnout takes u to another level simply the best racing game on the market with its awseome picture quality and exciting crashes it ia amongst the greatest everbrian
 ZooCube is the best version of a 3D Tetris-like game that I have ever seen . 3D user-interface is tricky and usually not intuitive but ZooCube does a great job of making it both easy to learn and keeping the game challenging to master.It 's based on simple animal matching , but the graphics and sound effects are fun while keeping things focused on the game play . The powerups and smart bombs help your score and can save you from deep trouble if carefully used.The between-level and background graphics are good , but you 'll have little time to look at them.Multi-player looks very interesting with both cooperative and competition modes , but I have n't had a chance to play them yet.Enjoy !
 I 've waited a long time for a worthy successor to Tetris , and this is it ! Let 's just hope it does n't languish in obscurity , because it 's possibly the best puzzle game I 've ever played.Easy to learn , yet extremely challenging , this is an addictive experience . I lose hours every time I play . Where does the time go ? Into an truly innovative and interactive puzzle game . The action revolves around a cube on which you stack colored shapes -LRB- animals who have been transformed , according to the rather flimsy plot -RRB- , trying to match two of the same kind -LRB- like Noah -RRB- so that they wil be `` rescued '' and transported from the playing field . The shapes come from three sides , and by rotating the cube on it 's three axes , you catch & match to rack up a high score . But be careful ! If you allow more than five unmatched shapes to collect on a side , your Zoocube will over heat , and it 's Game Over . The action starts off at a nice pace and moves to a frantic flipping frenzy as you desperately try to keep the rain of shapes at bay.I believe the engine must be fairly deep , as you are always provided with the correct piece in plenty of time - IF you can manipulate your cube to pair it with its partner , which is a lot harder than it sounds.So why did I give the game only 4 Stars ? As much as I love it , I think the Game Boy Advance version is superior . I think the controls are a little bit easier and a little bit tighter , and while it does n't have the same level of graphics and sound , it 's still impressive and the flow of the game is much improved without the cutscenes .
 I see that some people did n't appreciate this game . This really is a good puzzle game , regardless of the fact that this and Tetris Worlds are virtually the only puzzle games on the gamecube -LRB- I own both -RRB- . Do n't let the animal aspect fool you by appearing childish . I personally enjoyed this game a lot and have wasted a lot of time playing it . I think it is fun , addictive , and creative in its own way . If you enjoy puzzle games -LRB- I personally think they are the best genre of games available -RRB- then you should definitely add this one to your gamecube collection . Allow me to list for you a couple of my favorite puzzle games , if you like the same ones I like , then you would probably like ZooCube as well . The best ever puzzle game created is Tetris , there is no equal - none ! A couple other great puzzle games in my opinion are Wetrix for N64 , Tetris 2 for SNES and Fire and Ice for NES -LRB- although not readily available , if you look hard enough you can find it -RRB- . As far as graphics , sound , etc go for ZooCube , everything is good . The graphics are good -LRB- remember it 's a puzzle game -RRB- , the soundtrack is addicting and matches the mood of the game -LRB- it changes by what level you are in , which is actually what region you are in . e.g. Arabia , Mediterranean , Antarctica , etc -RRB- . The controls are a little bit weird at first because it 's in three dimensions , but , you should quickly adapt to them . Overall , I would give ZooCube somewhere between 4 and 5 stars , but , I will round up becuase its one of two puzzle games for gamecube .
 I found this game to be challenging but I got all the way to beating the entire game and then the program hit a glitch not allowing me to save the last part of my progress . I thought maybe the Gamecube was at fault but I got to the same point over and over again with beating the game and the same glitch - cube would freeze up . Then I thought I had a bad copy of Zoo Cube so I bought a brand new one and the same thing happens . Nothing like this has ever happened with my other 15 + Gamecube games . Too bad ... . this is old fashioned fun , not a lot of thought required . Having good periferal vision is a plus !
 This is the best game to just unwind to . I originally bought it , many years ago because it was a puzzle game . I had no idea how addicting or how much fun it would be . I am glad to see on here that there is a wireless control because I 've been craving that since I can now play Zoocube on the Wii . And once you are able to go wireless it seems a bit archaic to have to plug in a wired remote.This game is addicting . I am a casual gamer and this is probably the only game I can play for hours on end and be only quit because I figure I 've been playing video games much too long . I literally have to make myself stop . Games like these can totally take my focus off the world and whatever stresses and just relax . It really is helpful to unwind . Sure , some people like shooter games to unwind but I bore of most of those games pretty quickly . I like something straightforward , that requires thinking and quick skills . This game is that.The game is the same game over and over , it just moves faster and you get more reward as the levels go on . If you do n't like single mission games you might not care for this . Think Tetris with a different twist and you 've got the elements of Zoocube . Great fun and even now with all my fancy Wii games , this still holds as a long-standing favorite .
 Animal shapes course in from all sides of the screen , you attach them to each of the six sides of your cube . Attach two similar pieces to destroy them . More than five shapes on a side == game over.It 's one heck of a puzzle game . Like the classics , it has a simple concept that only gets difficult when you try to play the thing.My only complaint is , a la Tetris , if you 're not totally sucked in you 'll find it getting a tad repetetive . If you stick with it while the pace increases , you 'll be totally . Totally . Sucked In . Especially as there 's seven speeds to tackle the seven stages on . And three progressive difficulty modes . And four gameplay styles to choose from . 7 * 7 * 3 * 4 equals ... well , a lot . Especially given the number of levels in a stage can be anything from 4 to about 28 . As in most puzzlers , graphics and sound are nothing to write home about , although the reggae bonus level theme is a bit fun.That 's about it , really .
 Does what it sets out to do . All buttons are responsive and translate correctly . Also works with a ps2 to usb adapter for a computer .
 A nifty thing about this device is that it can be daisy-chained to a Playstation 2-to-Gamecube controller adapter and the Xbox controller will still work . It would be better if there was just an Xbox-to-Gamecube controller adapter to cut out the expense of daisy-chaining .
 Good and new style gameplay!The graphics is very good!I can play with my friends in the multiplayer , and we can change the collected cards ! With the cards I can buy new robots to fight ! : - -RRB-
 I beat this game in ten minutes . The only fun part is fighting against your friends .
 I had considered buying Nintendo 's memory card before I saw Interact 's 2X memory card . Generally Nintendo 's products are of higher quality , but I found that this product makes the grade . When comparing the two memory cards , would you rather pay for 59 blocks -LRB- on Nintendo 's memory card -RRB- or pay the same price for 118 blocks ? I think the answer is pretty clear . Relying on Nintendo 's memory cards can become pretty expensive . This product is slightly larger than Nintendo 's own memory card so it will not fit in the game cases . But other than that , this card is an excellent choice when it comes to price and storage capacity .
 This is two times as much memory as an official gamecube memory card . ... it works really well . There are n't any problems and it cost the same amount of money as a nintendo memory card . It has 123 blocks . I would buy two of these instead of 1 16x mem . card because they are much more stable and offer more memory at a good amount of money .
 This card has twice the storage capacity of the 59 card . I think.efshdfghnmj hb.sghb ; liduhbgsdfflh n ; ujfd gndfjghn ; dasofjgnsod ; fjn gjsgbnsdfljngsdjg ndflj ngdsflj gndsfljg ndfsljkgsdngjlsdfngn slnnsklfjnsdknjesjg ; k sndfln ; gnsdflkgnsdf ; gjknbs ; gjbnsfnd jnsgldgns ; djlfnsdf ; n ; fjgn ; jbn jfdbng ; lsdjgnbfgbn d gbndjfbgn ks nbgf ; djl gf ; j LAHello
 I only rented this game but I plan to buy it . I love dolphins and I 'm even writing a paper on them for school . Ecco is completely realistic . I heard the designers used National Geographic to make it look real . Although I would n't suggest playing this game for long periods of time because the camera moves fast and it gave me a headache , so I paused the game every once in awhile and take a break .
 Love Ecco , so much.From the first game , it has been on my favorites lists , andI have never forgotten it . Somehow I missed it for PS2 the firsttime around , but now have it on the way.Can ' t wait to play this , I 've missed it so much .
 The product worked as good as new , no problems what so ever . Am happy and satisfied with product and support .
 Love this game I first played it when I was like 14 lol . It was so much fun to me even though it maybe fustratingg and boring to others . This game really makes you think . I love stratigic puzzel type games . This one was awesome but challaging as hell lol . It took me a long time to beat it . I wish they would make a new one for Playstaion 3 , but everyone wants violent shooter games now and days .
 I just had to buy this because I loved it when I was younger and ALWAYS would rent it from blockbuster . It seemed a lot harder then , though . Regardless , its still just as fun . There are beautiful graphics and its has a cool plot . The controls are hard to learn though and its very touchy . .
 This game is very different . I Love the bright colors and playing the dolphin . Its very much fun .
 I think the game is really awsome . I had it once and sold it and I have regreted it ever since . It is a beautiful game and it has a great sound track . The only thing is you do n't get to see the real beauty of the game except for the first stage . And then it get 's all twisted in to a awful future . And you get caught up in this thing were every stage is a different time period . Other than that it is a awsome game . I recommend you buy it .
 Ecco is a cute little dolphin who is destended to save the entire world . Okay a little dolphin the whole world . Do n't see a connection ? Well you will if you get this totally hot game . -LRB- the game is not tempeture hot -RRB-
 I just got this game for xmas along with a ps2 . It is really cool ! The graphics are great ! It is really fun , but really hard . You have to defeat the sharks BEFORE you learn how to . I found out a secret to getting a vielet -LRB- or something like it -RRB- . I dont quite know how to use them .
 Ecco the Dolphin is a GREAT game , but it can be VERY hard . But as you get into the game the story line get very intristing . Just to tell you , the game is possible without a game shark . i have n't beat the game with out the game shark but i 'm over half-way done with it . Ok , you need a good `` eye '' because , if you do n't you may miss something that can help you beat the level and the levels can take you over an hour just to beat it . And the good thing is if you get a special power and you die , you keep the power you have gotten !! And this is VERY helpful if your on a hard level . And the graphics are ammasing , and the music gets more intense if you are in boss battle or some other level.Added
 This is the funest but the hardest game i played . Some levels on Ecco can take up to 1 hour to beat . i got up to a level called `` Sleeping Forces Of Doom '' with out a gameshark . In the game you kinduh need a sharp eye because you may miss something that can help you beat a level . i havent beat every level but i have beat alot of levels in the game . I think you should rent the game because the game is hard . But no matter how hard a Ecco the Dolphin game is i will always be a fun of any Ecco the dolphin game .
 I am a big role playing fan ... that is why I turned in my XBOX for a playstation 2 . I just went out and bought Ecco the Dolphin cause I loved it for dreamcast . The controls are a lot better and the graphics are great . So far the only thing I have found wrong with the game is that everytime a shark bites me I jump . Recommend this game for anyone who likes a difficult game .
 ok , i dont know what is up with those people that keep dissing this game . this game is amazing . it is really challenging and provides HOURS of gameplay . this is what most video games should be like ! i hate a lot of games on PS2 -LRB- sports , wrestling , army -LRB- ICK -RRB- -RRB- Graphics
 I LOVE this game !! I had a little trouble getting past all the levels so I have a cheat in case you get stuck for all the levels : Go to -LCB- Player Menu -RCB- and choose -LSB- New Game -RCB- Enter GYU GYU GYUPress CIRCLE -LRB- if the cheat works the plant on the left should shoot out lots of bubbles -RRB- Press the X button to start a new profile Then go to the level select and all the levels should be usuable!VERY fun game overall !! : D
 This is my most favorite game , for the swimming-beach-fans . I wo n't lie it can be harder than heck , but after some practise it 'll be like riding a bike.Graphics 10Sound 9Gameplay 8Layout 8Fun Factor 8Overall 9.5 After you beat it and collect all the vitalits and learn everything , it can get a little boring . It needs something more to exstend the replay value and it needs a multiplayer mode.It 's a great stress reliever and challenge at the same time.If you played the classic genesis versions you 'll get an idea of what to exspect , but they changed it a little from the classic.Advice
 The 2nd time i saw this game i got it for ... This is the funest but one of the hardest games i played.I will spend at least 1-2 hours on some levels but not all . Once i got fimiller with a level i some how beat that level.i got up to the level `` Sleeping Forces of Doom '' without a gameshark . I havent beat evey level in the the game game but i have beaten alot of levels . I think you should rent before buying because the game is so hard . No matter how hard a Ecco the dolphin game is i will always be a Ecco fan .
 Ecco the Dolphin , When I PLAY Ecco I Feel Like Ecco . It ` s the best game since Jarasic Park.it IS Pure gold . HINT #PRESS IN ABCBCACAB to get into any level . StarWARS = Ecco , Ecco > Harry Pottie
 All of the Dolphins are in danger from destuction and know one can save them except Ecco . Based on the Sega Genisis game guide Ecco through a wonderful game full of fun and excitement for the whole family .
 I got this game for ps2 . It has fantastic graphics , the dolphins , the creatures , the landscape , the fantasy acessories in the game looks real ! The storyline is a bit confusing , and some levels are hard in the beginning , but you soon find a way to do it . I 'm almost finished with it , but Ido n't dare to play it more , the last levels are so scary ! I know I sound like a 4 years old girl when I say it 's scary , but the graphics looks so real , and the sounds so real , so I do n't dare to go any further ! You should absolutely buy this !
 I got this game at a store uses so I am glade I did not spend full amount for this game . I would not spend a dime on it now . It is so boring and I ca n't figure it out . If there is anybody out there that knows somthing I do n't know please let me know.Thanks , Natasha
 While it 's probobly a good game it obviously has it 's fair share of glitches . In the first 5 minutes of gameplay I got stuck inside a rock and had to turn the PS2 off . After that I never played it again .
 I didnt rate the game on gameplay because its for my son but i am rating it on condition . the disk itself was perfect ... as if never used once . the box was in good condition for being so old .
 Omg this game was the Best !!! I Love to put my make up on while i play the game !!!! Be careful of the sharks tho ... htye are meanies grrrr !!! Remember !!! 1 . Never take a shower while playing the game2 . Never hold an umbrella while playing the game -LRB- it makes it hard to hold the control -RRB- 3 . Always smile !!! it makes me happy when i smile at ecco . Sometimes he smiles back . The more you smile the more he wants to win the game .4 . Dont chew on the wires when u get nervousd about your hot dog the the microwave ... because it might be exploding but you dont care . . ecco smiled at you .5 . Dont ride your 4-wheeler in ur house while playing the game ... u might run over ecco . OOO NOOO ! 6 . Dont let friends play other games when you are around or kick them out of the house and take there keys to there car and make them find there own way home !!!! in the rain !! Idiot ! 7 . Always remember Ecco is a Dolphin not a blade off brutually cut up grass .
 Omg this game was the Best !!! I Love to put my make up on while i play the game !!!! Be careful of the sharks tho ... htye are meanies grrrr !!! Remember !!! 1 . Never take a shower while playing the game2 . Never hold an umbrella while playing the game -LRB- it makes it hard to hold the control -RRB- 3 . Always smile !!! it makes me happy when i smile at ecco . Sometimes he smiles back . The more you smile the more he wants to win the game .4 . Dont chew on the wires when u get nervousd about your hot dog the the microwave ... because it might be exploding but you dont care . . ecco smiled at you .5 . Dont ride your 4-wheeler in ur house while playing the game ... u might run over ecco . OOO NOOO ! 6 . Dont let friends play other games when you are around or kick them out of the house and take there keys to there car and make them find there own way home !!!! in the rain !! Idiot ! 7 . Always remember Ecco is a Dolphin not a blade off brutually cut up grass .
 Way better than the Dreamcast version!The things they changed ,1
 I ca n't believe some people think Ecco the Dolphin is bad because : A
 Ok , basically I had this for Dreamcast . As we all know , DC went into a downward spiral and bombed . I sold my DC and all the games . I wish that I still had Ecco though . Who knew that a game about a dolphin could be so much fun ? I stayed up til 4 or 5 in the morning playing this game during the summer . The graphics are perfect . I heard that PS2 tuned up the resolution too . To escape the onslaught of horrible Army Men games , and those -LSB- bad -RSB- sports games they come out with every month , I played Ecco . Seriously folks , this is the type of game that future games should be based off of . I loved this game . It is going down in my all time favorites . Buy this game and you 'll be happy you did !!
 The new Ecco the Dolphin on the PlayStation 2 in the best one yet ! The DC version of Ecco was very good , but the PS2 version delivers where the DC failed . There 's a new map and all new controls , so you never get lost . The graphics are some of the best out there on any console . Plus , it 's Ecco ! If you like fun and unique games , Ecco is for you !
 let 's see the graphics are AMAZING the puzzles are not too hard nor too easy -LRB- they make sense if you think about them -RRB- the gameplay is just right -LRB- not too hard nor too easy -RRB- the game is VERY long -LRB- lots of levels -RRB- there are practicly NO bugs . the graphics if you asked me are about the same quality as Final Fantasy X . THIS IS A MUST BUY GAME I rented it for a week and never got near to completing it ! It is just as good or better than Jak and Daxter -LRB- I loved that game too -RRB- it has EXCELLENT re-play -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- you can jump into the air and do flips or just about anything else you would picture a real dolphin doing . the graphics are so amazing -LRB- I know I said it a million times but still . . -RRB- they look REAL EVERY detail from the little droppletts of water when you jump to the flysand while you skim the sand on the bottom . This game has it all ... puzzles , adventure , battles , action , and plenty of it!If you look at my other reviews you will see I am not easily impressed ... but this game is the tops .
 Ecco The Dolphin is a great action game . You have to run from sharks , race other dolphins in some levels , complete objectives , and much more . Ecco The Dolphin is the most realistic game I 've ever played and the best graphices I 've ever seen . Ecco is a young dolphin with great strength . In the game you play as Ecco you have to defend the world and save dolphins , turtles and other animals . Your friends teach you songs to do special thigs to other animals . From Nick , age 9 .
 Ecco the Dolphin is a wonderful journey into a world so beautiful , one can only fantasize about it . The scenery is absolutely gorgeous and the game keeps you in awe ! I really enjoyed it from the moment I first popped it in .
 I used to own a Sega GameGear , and I had this game for it . I played it all the time and enjoyed it very much . Then , I found it for the PC . I bought it , and it was the exact same story , scene for scene , just far better graphics and sound/music . I purchased a PS2 back in April of 2002 , and love it . I saw Ecco come out for the PS2 and knew I had to buy it . It 's the same story-line , but sadly I have yet to see any scene that would correspond with the original game :-LRB- I understand games must progress , and this one has by far , but I was hoping for a far better version of the same gameplay.But it is still a VERY good game , and highly recommended for any age !
 Ecco rules ! I think that you should rent this game before buying it , I did !!!!! DOLPHINS RULE !!! The FOE has destroyed the great Guardian !!! You must beat the foe in this battle for the Earth 's future !! But be careful , there are many dangers !! Like the sharks , eels , and the Foe . My favorite level was Atlantis Lost . That 's the level with the Guardian amd I think that level is so B-E-A-UTIFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh , here 's a tip that will really help you !! Just follow these simple steps , and you will unlock all the levels . Select NEW GAME . Enter GYU GYU ??? . The three question marks stand for any three letters of your choice !! Even if the game says that you 're done with just entering the first GYU !! Go back and re-enter GYU . Then enter any three letters . Then go to end , and instead of pressing X , press O . After you press O , alot of bubbles should release from the plant on the left side of the screen . After the bubbles have released , press X . Then go back to the MAIN MENU , select LEVEL SELECT . You will then see that all the levels are unlocked !!!! Cool , huh ?!?!?! Now you can play as you wish . But , remember this , EVERY TIME YOU PLAY THE GAME , YOU WILL HAVE RE-ENTER THE CODE !!!!!! Well , that 's how it is for me , anyays . Remember , my favorite level is Atlantis Lost !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
