 This game is the worst Castlevania ever . It plays more like the very original but in a 3D atmosphere . It is nothing like it 's Playstation counterpart or even the early Castlevania sequels 2 and 3 . This game is basically a shoot - 'em up with a whip . There is no great puzzles or complex storyline like Castlevania 2 and 3 for the original Nintendo . Additionally , it is not even a good shoot - 'em up . The path is a straight line , with a big monster at the end . It was totally boring an not worth my time.The Playstation version was much better , more in the vain of the later NES games . If you want a Castlevania from the late 90s , get that one.It 's only redeeming quality is the 3D fighting , but that is nothing exciting with most games nowadays . I heartily recommend staying away from this game .
 Interesting game at first with lots of enemies to fight but the later levels revolve mostly around making difficult jumps . Would not reccomend .
 This game is good for people who are obsessed with 3D , and never played a Castlevaina game in their life . If you want REAL fun , at least rent a Playstation or Playstation2 -LRB- it can play PS1 games -RRB- , and try out Castlevanai
 I must say , I find ZELDA More fun then this game . . it is extreamly borning , it has annoying graphics and I beat this in a day and a half !! it discusted me . . Symphony of the night was much better then this poor excuse for a video game !!!! Konami did a poor job at making this game . . I find CastleVania BLOODLINES more exhillerating !
 This football game is the biggest dissapointment in Playstation history . I do n't know which is worse dick enberg repeating the same line every play or phil simms talking about a play that did n't even happen .
 This has to be one of the worst video games ever released . Although the graphics are impressive and the options are strong , 989 Studios should refund to everyone their $ 40-50 that was originally paid for this game . I have never bought or played a video game that has more `` bugs '' or errors than this one . It was like these guys over at 989 studios just decided to release this poor product regardless of all of the glitches , and could care less about the qaulity of the product . My advice
 Gameday was good while it lasted . When I first got it for Christmas two years ago it was a good game . But as you play it a little bit it gets rather old . THe graphics are n't the best in a game . Buy the game if you want a one time game . If you want something that you can play more then once then buy NFL Blitz 2000 !
 Augh ! I found the first few levels of Crash 1 harder than the 3rd world levels Crash 2 and 3 . It also uses a system of having to pass one level to get to the next . This becomes frustrating because I found myself having to repeat the same level over and over again because I either died or ... hell , I do n't know . I just had to repeat the level because it would n't let me continue.Also , there is no giant screen where you can save . You have to find the bonus platform , and make it all the way through the bonus part to save . Happen to fall through the cracks on the bonus ? Sorry ! You 're just going to have to hope you do n't die or else you 'll have to repeat EVERYTHING . OVER . AGAIN.A little kid is going to get frustrated and give up on this game if you get it for him . Be nice to your children . Buy them Crash 2 . Or 3 . Or games from the Spyro series , that would work too.If you really really want to play all the games in the Crash series just rent it . . even though it 's dirt cheap to buy . . -LRB- haha -RRB- Put the money towards something BETTER .
 Was n't the very first Crash Bandicoot game supposed to become one of the all-time greatest Playstation games ? That 's what Sony thought would happen back in the day . After all , they promoted the game to death . Well look at that ... did n't happen ! And with good reason . The game is horrible . I ca n't believe ANYONE would prefer this junk over Sonic the Hedgehog or , especially , the Mario Bros. series.You have to give Sony a LOT of credit for all the attention they put into Crash Bandicoot in an attempt to put the game on the same extraordinary level as Mario and Sonic , but gamers never really caught on to Crash the same way . When you think about it , the Playstation already HAD a huge selection of games to choose from around the time Crash was released , therefore Sony did n't even NEED a mascot . People were buying Playstation games like crazy anyway ! Crash Bandicoot never even had to exist.You 'd think for a debut game -LRB- a BIG debut , considering all the advertisements on TV commercials -RRB- Sony would have made the game a * little * easier for younger or inexperienced gamers to play . Instead , Sony started off the Crash series with impossible bonus levels -LRB- impossible to complete AND find - I did n't even KNOW the game had bonus levels until I looked it up in the instruction booklet ! -RRB- Even if you ignore the bonus levels , the challenge overall is pretty high anyway thanks to all the difficult stages -LRB- such as the one where you 're crossing a bridge way up in the sky and continue falling through the wooden cracks - a NIGHTMARE of a level ! -RRB- All the lives you earned up to this point in the game will go away . A mascot debut game should n't have the difficulty THIS high because the idea is for players of ALL ages to enjoy the game . Children will not like the nonstop frustration.I think the biggest reason Crash Bandicoot is n't remembered today the same way Mario and Sonic 's debut games are is because Crash is basically just a blend of Mario and Sonic , but featured in a 3D world . Think about it . Crash collects berries throughout the game -LRB- Mario collects coins , Sonic collects rings -RRB- . Crash has a spin attack -LRB- Mario and Sonic already had spin attacks YEARS before Crash 's existence -RRB- . Sony just did n't have enough creative ideas to come up with something entirely different , and that 's why most gamers tend to ignore Crash Bandicoot . When you already have the best -LRB- Mario and Sonic -RRB- you do n't need imitations.Crash Bandicoot may have improved later on -LRB- not enough of an improvement to earn its mascot reputation , however -RRB- but the series certainly did NOT start with a bang . I will always remember the very first Crash Bandicoot game as being this uninteresting , frustrating experience . Heck , just the fact that only 62 reviewers have submitted reviews for the game right here on amazon goes to show Crash Bandicoot 's first adventure was meant to be gone and forgotten . Add to the fact that right now in the year 2006 NO ONE is talking about ANY Crash Bandicoot game anymore . This means you can ignore Crash Bandicoot entirely , and not really miss out on anything .
 I got it as a gift for a friend who has the colsole . It did n't work .
 Where 's the 3-D quality ? After playing superior games like Mario 64 and Donkey Kong 64 , the game is just too linear and does n't present much in the way of graphics . Throughout the game I felt hindered by the outdated 2-D feel . You can only move Crash forward or backward . Also , why in the world is this lackluster game so difficult yet incredibly boring ? The only virtue of Crash is that once you acquire the code that opens up all the levels ; the game can be manipulated to a small degree of satisfaction . If you want a true platform experience , stick with N64 , otherwise this title is virtually worthless .
 Naughty Dog and Sony released Crash Bandicoot , which rivaled the likes of Mario and Sonic . In the end , many gamers liked Crash 's non-stop action , but others simply just skipped it . Even though it was very promising , Crash 's gameplay did not really offer anything new , which featured elements you can find in a 16-bit platformer.You play as Crash , whose girlfriend is kidnapped by Dr. Neo Cortex . You basically just run through the levels from start to finish and fight bosses after each world . Even though the action is intense throughout , the gameplay becomes really tedious . Crash Bandicoot did nothing new for adventure games and it is n't really 3D since you 're restricted to one path . All you do is make your way through levels , dodging obstacles , avoiding enemies , and collect items and nothing more . The difficulty level is not exactly high either , and the challenge is severely lacking.Crash 's graphics are quite impressive for a PlayStation game , including well-textured environments and colorful characters . Effects like running water and mist and fog are great eye-candy . The visuals are the game 's only saving grace . Controlling the bandicoot can be a hassle since it does n't use analog . You 're forced to deal with sensitivity of the crosspad and at times will result in unwanted deaths.Aside from good graphics , you 're left with nothing but an average platformer equivalent to that of a 16-bit Sonic game in a polygonal world . While it may be 3D , Crash plays out too much like an old side-scrolling game of the past . I do n't know why would anyone want to play this game because Crash Bandicoot pales in comparison to other breakthrough adventure games at the time , like Sega 's NiGHTS and Nintendo 's Mario 64 .
 This game is the worst out of all the 3 Crash Bandicoots .
 Rent this game , because you can beat it in 2 days . Crash Bandicoot had good graphics for its time and even now they are decent , but the lack of good 3D graphics causes you to sacrifice numerous lives due to not being able to judge how far to move or jump . Some of the levels are repetitive , like the High Road and Road to Nowhere , which are two levels that are virtually the same thing . Also , Naughty Dog really goofed up when they set up the game so that you can only save your progress at Tawna Bonus Rounds . -LRB- Not that often do these special bonus rounds come along . -RRB- This causes you to have to go back and redo a level that you have already beaten when a Game Over comes along . If you are looking for a good action/adventure game , try Spyro 2 or Crash Warped . This game is n't what I expected it to be , but it is still fun to play and the graphics are decent .
 this game is pretty bad first off all you can do is run strait the only good thing about is its pretty long the other bad thing is its to hard and it gets boring i wouldnt buy this game if you want a crash bandicoot game get either 2,3,4 .
 I am going to try to keep this review short and sweet -LRB- more like bittersweet -RRB- or just bitter like this game . I realize that coming from someone who has played most of the newer Choro Q series before this entry , my views are very biased but I am still going to give it a shot . This game has not aged well at all ; the driving mechanics , graphics , and entertainment value are null but strangely enough , I found this game so bad that I could not stop playing . It was like I was trying to see how much of this game I could endure before I finally gave in to pursue something more entertaining . Given the small sum of money that I actually paid for this game , I would say it is a good value for a retro cartridge paperweight but this review is about the content inside of the cartridge and not the actual cartridge itself.Recommended for
 This game is okay . It 's not very exciting . The graphics are n't very good , and the cars start s-l-o-w . Come to think of it , the graphics are n't very good at all . The weapons and blowup scenes are kind of hokey . The music is sad . VERY lame . It sounds like a cell phone song . I was looking at this when it was 50 bucks , and I saw it two weeks later for 30 , so I bought it . There 's a reason the price dropped so fast . I do like the customizable cars , -LRB- paint , parts -RRB- and tracks , but the racing itself detracts from it . BUY MARIOKART . MUCH better . But I do like that noodle truck . - Mark
 I played the computer game on a friends computer and thought it would be as good on the PSX . WRONG ! This game was a terrible translation . The graphics are bad . The speed is terrible . But it is strangly addictive .
 The game is great from the start , but has short-lived replay fun . The characters that you interact with -LRB- your advisors -RRB- are fun to see and listen to , especially the Elvis character . It is also fun to see how they evolve over the years . But game play is slow between years and can even put you to sleep at times . The graphics are not all that great either . But if you are a fan of Civilization you will enjoy this version -LRB- at least for a little while . -RRB-
 This is not a game for the impacient . Normally , If I dig into a game I know will take a long time solve , it has to motivate me with an interesting story line , music and or graphics -LRB- an RPG like FFVII or VIII for instance -RRB- However , If you are interested in a complex and super challenging strategy game , this may be for you . Too bad they never made Age of the Empires for PSX , and warcraft psx is really hard to find !!
 you build cities research stuff in them the city gives yo warriors to battle.and to play the game fully and get lots of technology you have to play for 50 days never ever get it
 This game has a lot going for it with plenty of stealthy ninja action . The problem is that the cons get in the way of the pros . For starters , the controls are annoyingly bad . The fighting consists mainly of run up to the guard and mash the attack button and hope something connects . Usually your character will continue attacking even though your not hitting anything , meanwhile your being chopped to death by a guard . Next , the graphics really show the Playstation 's age ; in other words , they 're terrible . More than once I was aiming my grappling hook at a nearby roof , only to watch the entire building I was aiming at disappear . But hey , if pop-up is your thing , you 'll be more than satisfied here . One thing I liked was that it was challenging -LRB- mainly thanks to the controls -RRB- . However , there are just too many other good games out there to get to even consider this one . Go get Metal Gear Solid instead .
 Wow , Thank you Amazon for this truly amazing game . It was so good I could n't get it to play . Amazing grapics I assume but alas it did n't play because it says Audio disc . YAWN
 I ca n't believe all the over-zealous reviews this game has received . If you 've played a GREAT game with GREAT camera control such as `` Spyro the Dragon '' you will be utterly frustrated with this title . While the graphics and cut scenes are nice the game suffers from a lot of pop up and the camera control is primitive and HORRIBLE . Just when you get the angle the way you like it the game forgets and spins the angle back around . You will often find yourself cocking your head trying to look under your TV screen feeling as if you have blinders on . Also due to the graphics it 's often difficult to tell which way your character is facing and this is frustrating when confronting enemies as you will attack in the wrong direction while you are pelted from behind . Also the game does not give you enough opportunities to save your progress so you will often find yourself replaying an entire level you came very close to completing . This can get quite monotonous . To give you a better idea of my dissatisfaction with this game , I yanked it from my Playstation and smashed it to bits . This game actually has great potential but the control is loose and weak . I know it 's only my two cents but save your money for a better game . I already wasted mine .
 I do n't know what people see in this piece of trash . It 's boring and stupid . I guess it might be alright for a 5-year old child . I took it the day after I wasted my money on it and traded it back in for a real game .
 it 's fun to play in little bits , but if I play it for too long it 's just maddening . there 's almost no story , for one . the controls are imprecise at best , and the battle system manages to be bare-bones and overly difficult at the same time . the ` health ' is the gems you collect throughout the levels , but no matter how many you collect , you 'll lose them all if you get hit just once . if you get hit on zero ` health ' , you die . you only get three lives , after which you lose any progress you 've made in that level , and start from the beginning . all in all , if you have a lot of patience , you might enjoy this , but if not , I would n't reccomend it .
 Everytimes we loaded the game it would play for maybe 5 mins and then would keep freezing and not play and my gaming system is not messed up I cant return the game I threw away the bag I wish companies would test their damn games before selling them disapointed .
 I bought this game thinking it would be like Crash Bandicoot or Spyro the Dragon . It was n't . The graphics are pretty good , but the controls are horrible . You keep having to stop and look which way Croc is facing so you know what directional button to push to make him go forward . How this game became a greatest hit I do n't know . Overall I gave this game one star , that 's all it deserves .
 Croc
 As a child I adored the Croc game , so just the other day I picked it back up to have another go . Oh my goodness , no amount of nostalgic fondness can save this thing.The graphics are n't great but you really ca n't complain about that as this game dates back to the 90 's , but by Playstation One standards it does pretty well . The story is sweet and the characters are endearing -LRB- Croc makes cute noises and the fuzzy little Gobbos are adorable -RRB- . The levels and puzzles are simple but of an appropriate difficulty for a child . The music is probably the best thing about this game as it is light , catchy and matches the atmosphere . So with all that it has going for it why am I ranking Croc so low ? The gameplay . Oh dear God the gameplay.The controls for this poor game are so terrible that it 's nearly unplayable . In the very first area I died several times simply trying to jump over a small pit . Even walking poses a serious and frustrating challenge . The controls go from being unresponsive to overly sensitive seemingly at will meaning that Croc will more than likely not jump when you tell him to or completely overshoot his target , usually resulting in a death . The enemies regenerate in under 30 seconds , and considering that it takes you about that long just to turn around there is almost no point in killing them.This game could have been great , it has all the elements of a charming and worthwhile children 's game , but when even walking around is a serious problem there is little to no enjoyment that you or your child will derive from this game . Save your money and stick to Spyro .
 Unless you still have a PS 1 and like it , the game sucks . Bought it for my Son -LRB- 5 -RRB- and playing it on a PS2.It 's very anoying to have only the option to use U/D/L / R to moove in the game . No joistick -LRB- L3 -RRB- use at all.It may be a very nice Game but the controller use make it suck . Comon , we are in 2011 . It may be my bad do not know more about PS1 use , still , if I had read a review about that I wouldnt had bought the game . My Son played TY2 all the way trought with some help of me . We are not big gamers but like jump n ' run games.So , please be aware of the controller use limit . The game will en up in the corner . Very sad , shipping and the item it self where very good . Hope the TY1 is better -LRB- is in the Mail -RRB- . LOL , yes , lots of old games but my son is 5 , so let him scratch or kill the game on accitent , same as the PS2 , it 's not a big Deal . But for now it helps him to learn to handle games and take care of stuff . And the games are cheap , since some PPL always think they have to have the Newest . Thanks to those , like this we have fun for less.Sincerely,-M .
 When I got Croc for my birthday 2 years ago I thought it would be like Crash Bandicott 2 . Boy was I wrong , the controlles are like a nightmare . I could not even beat the first boss ! Now this game sits on my cd stacker collecting dust . Overall this game is not worth your money .
 I found this game very boring . All of the bosses were too easy , and it was n't as good as it could have been . Videogames are supposed to put up a challenge , and it is VERY hard for me to get remotely close to a 100 % finish . And this one I got a 96 % . I would NOT reccomend this game , the second one seems better though , yet I have never played it before .
 I got this game a week ago . When I first saw this game I thought I was going to like it . When I popped the c.d in the playstation It was so darn frustrating to control croc . I only went to the dessert world . When I was in the ice world I kept losing cuz u go a long way just to get a key to save a freakin gobbo . Croc for game boy color is much better than the one for playstation . If u r looking for a really good cute , funny , fun , interesting game get Gex
 Though the game is very appealing in regards to its visual style , the controls are abyssmal . In level 1-3 at the end of the level , you are required to perform a `` whack-a-mole '' type game in order to get the last gobbo . Since the controls -LRB- or uncontrols -RRB- are glitchy at best and unplayable at worst , the game begins to not be a game and more of a nuisance . The analog versus digital controls have no bearing to eachother and you find yourself toggling back and forth just so you can have some margin of control . A game to avoid by any standard .
 i cant beleive how easy this game is . dont get me wrong spyro is a fun game with a decent plot but the game is so easy a 8 year old can beat it . its still a fun and intresting game though youll go trough about 20 levels with good graphics excellent sound and solid activity . all around it is acceptable but it falls short of good . i have to say it is way too easy i only played for 2-3 hours and i was already up to the last boss . if youre really young or dont demand any challenge at all in games this ones for you . but as for you tougher gamers you may wan na select from the next two spyros riptos rage or year of the dragon which are much better games .
 Spyro was A fine game in the ways of graphics , but it otherwise falls short in A number of ways
 This game had graphics that were really bad . The perspective was very frusterating to me because it would change and have funky angles , which made it hard to play at times . It was so bad that this game made me sick ... Literally . After probably 5 minutes of playing this game , the perspective and bad graphics made me motion sick ! And I am not a person who gets motion sickness ! Anyway , even if I could have gotten over my sickness , this game is boring anyway . I found it very unchallenging and redundant.You should definately rent this game first and play it to see if it 'll make you sick when you play it . Also , you 'll know then if its challenging enough for you .
 Spyro the Dragon is a great game for little kids , but if you are 9 or above , you will hate it . There is almost no point to the game , and it takes forever to get the right amount of coins , or I mean JEWELS . The bosses are so easy its not even a challenge for anybody . If you want a good game , get Resident Evil 3 or Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater . But if you are a little kid , I suggest this game .
 no case just artwork claires disk is to scratched to play , bottom line you want a good product pay good money .
 I have been a huge fan of the Resident Evil games since the late 1990s . I have been looking for Resident Evil 2 for a while now and when I saw the price and the condition it was supposed to be in I had to buy it . The game played excellent and there were virtually no scratches on both discs . Disk 2 -LRB- Claire -RRB- would freeze at a certain point in the game everytime I played it . It would go to a black screen but you could still hear the music . This was the first time I had EVER ordered anything on Amazon and with my luck the game was defect . I was extremely disappointed being such a huge fan of the Resident Evil games and I have already lost my trust in Amazon .
 There 's a lot of hype surrounding the Resident Evil series of games . They 're on most systems , there are books , and even a movie . The story is a good one , but I found the game to not be so great . Graphics are alright , the sound is bad though . And game play is horrible . Trying to move around is difficult and can be confusing , especially when you 're under attack and things are chaotic . The characters move unlike most games . You do n't go in the direction of the D-pad , rather you turn with right and left direction and move with a button . It was poorly designed . But since the Playstation 2 is out , and better games as well as more Resident Evil , there 's no reason to pick up this game anymore . The 2-disc set here is one adventure with a male character and another with a female . The game is involved , just not as much fun as it shoud be
 This game will not save . You have to play it over and over . Not fun for my grandson . Ca n't accomplish final goal .
 If you like orange bandicoots and video games , then get Crash Bandicoot , the stuff of dreams and legends . `` I am N.Gin you FOOL ! Face my destructive robots ! '' That is my fave quote . If you hop on the ` shrooms right before the end o ' the 2nd snow bear level and go to the central one , you shall find none other but a secret tele-port . You will go to an unknown warp room that makes no sense . Congrats .
 Ok , here are the reasons this game is BAD ! .1 . The graphics are n't very good and plus most of the levels look alike .2 . It 's frustrating , and there are millions of ways to die in one level .3 . You 'll wish you never had this game .4 . Most of it does n't make any sense and it 's un-imaginative . There . Are those good enough reasons NOT to get this game ? Do n't get it .
 this game is real average , get Mario 64 , or Sonic Adventure . Or if you have only a playstation , try spyro the dragon , it 's much better .
 There are 25 really short levels that only take a couple minutes to go through .
 Some of the features in this game were okay , but there should have been a lot more wrestlers , better graphics and other things . But overall it really bites .
 I have played many Wrestling Games before and out of all of them this had to be the worst games I ever played . This was more of a fighting game not a wrestling game ! I do not reccomend to get this game !
 the game -LRB- wwf in your house -RRB- dont have enough modes and or wrestlers to be fun . . it gets boring really fast and you can only play 3 modes and there not even fun . . the wrestlers a bit small and the action is really to fast to see whats going on ... its a waste of money !
 LIKE I SAID THIS GAME DOES NOT ONLY SUCK!BUT IT SHOULD BE SOLD FOR 5 DOLLARS.THE GRAPHICS ARE ALRIGHT BUT IT IS NOT REALISTIC AT ALL!IF U WANT A REAL GAME DONT WASTE UR MONEY ON WRESTLING GAMES BUY SILENT HILL OR RESIDENT EVIL , OR IN MY OPINION BUY SPORTS OR RACING GAMES!UM ... THATS ABOUT ALL I HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS .
 This was the wrost game I have ever played . It has rounds in real wrestaling they do not . So I hope this goes to hell
 If you like the wwf do not get this game
 This game was pretty bad , I THOUGHT IT WAS THE WORST GAME THAT I HAD EVER PLAYED . i THINK THAT THROWING MONEY DOWN A RAT HOLE WOULD BE BETTER THAN BUYING THIS GAME . PEACE OUT
 All right first off this game can go to hell . Second why is n't Stone Cold Steve Austin in it . Or the Peoples Champion , or DX , -LRB- well they do have Hunter but you ca n't do the Pedigree ! -RRB- The olny good part is that this game has the Heart Break Kik , but once again he does ' t do the `` Sweet Chin Music '' Is far is the game goes I should open a can of whoop A ** on it ! This game lacks good people like Gillberg and Savio Vega . no but really there is no Badd A ** Billy Gunn , no Road Dogg . I mean this game is missing everything that makes a game good . Like weapons . This game would be good if it had Mr.Vin ` man . If you smell what I am cokkin . And it 's missing those rich snobs the Mean Street Pussy I mean Posse . Plus no Sable .
 This is so a mortal kombat type game the only thing i like is warrior being in it and undertakers graveyard fatality besides that this game ... . Go buy mortal Kombat 1,2,3,4 , gold , trilogy etc. . This is worse that all those . By the way I dont like MK alot but sometimes its cool .
 I feel I wasted money on this game . There are MUCH better wrestling games than this . The graphics and game play are xtremely boring . Plus , you dont even get a good selection of wrestlers to choose from ... dont waste your money .
 After reading these reviews , i had to scroll up to make sure we we 're talkin about the same game . This has to be the worse wrestling game ever made . 3/4 of the fighters are just some random people , which from their names and faces , i thought was hilarious . But when you fight , you can pretty much only punch and kick and do one special move occasionally . However , the opponent does n't seem to have this problem , whereas they kick your ass 20 different ways . I 'm sure I 'm not getting the strategy of this game , but i do n't need strategy to put this game in and tell it 's the worst game my playstation has ever tasted .
 I do n't understand the cover looks so good but the game stinks . First off , over 50 of the wrestlers that are in the game are nobodys , and the graphics stink like sweatsocks . The game modes are not fun at all . I HATE the fighting style , the music sounds so crappy and well there 's just too many things to mention about this game . Let me just finish by saying IT STINKS !
 TM 4 is better , seeing as you can access all bosses and play as one of them
 First of all , the graphics suck . The characters suck . Everything sucks in this one . My brother paid ten dollars for this game . I would n't of paid a penny . Rent it if you dare . Terrible game .
 Twisted Metal is a great game . Nothin beats fully equiped vehicles battling it out all over the world in hopes of becoming the victor and claming the ultimate prize , anything they desire ... You battle your way all through los angeles desroying everything in your path . There are may vehicles to choose from such as darkside , sweet tooth , yellow jacket , outlaw , pit viper and many more . You should definetly pick this one up . Check out Twisted Metal 2 , its even better than this one . Get 'em both ...
 i got this game a couple of weeks ago and I do not see how anyone could like it . The computer always gets behind you so you have to turn around with horrible car physics which takes a while with people like Darkside and Minion . The cpntrols are bad and all the fighting seems to be in the same place . You can have some fun woth this game though ...
 Twisted Metal is BORING ! The cars are slugs and the battle field is about as big as the T.V. screen . Trust me I know this stuff . I have Twisted Metal 1 , 2 , and 4 . If you have the game get Twisted Metal 2 or 4 . Even if you like it . Soon you will see Twisted Metal 2 or 4 is twice as fun . -LRB- If you are just learing about the game get Twisted Metal 2 -RRB- Please do n't waste your money .
 The I Spy School Days was a disaster . Did not work on any of the 6 computers we tried it on . Tried it with all kind of Window programs . Have many other I Spy discs that have been great . Would not recommend this .
 A demo is to show you what the game is like.I loaded it and crashed my PC.It was so BUGGY it was unplayable then it crashed my PC to the point I had to reload windows from my recovery disk.DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE WITH THIS DEMO !!!!!!!!!! . I WILL NEVER BUY THIS GAME .
 F.E.A.R. Extraction point was a great game except for one thing
 Where to start , I was expecting much from the addon to the great game FEAR . Instead you get little . They reused much of the same textures , dark area 's , and characters from the original.No new characters to speak off , non exsistent story line even weaker than the first . You will have a hard time finding much new here.The game is far too short , you can finish in about 3-5 hours , and its too easy , even on the hardest setting.Ohh and to top it off it adds nothing to multiplayer at all , no new levels , characters or weapons , not even a new mode.If you never bought the original , you can have the multiplayer for free ! Truly there is no reason to pick this up at all . The game is still fun in the way the first game was fun , but feels less like an expansion and more like the last few levels they left out of the game :-LRB- . Not worth 30 dollars in anyway shape or form . Best to wait and buy in the bargin bin for 10 dollars or less . In other words do n't support developers who put this kind of `` stuff '' out at almost full game price , its a rippoff at best.We need to Show big companies Like EA , Activision , and Vivendi that its not alright to rip us off , the only thing they understand is not buying their products . I finished this the first night I bought it in 3.5 hours of none too exciting gameplay . Then you can uninstall and use as a coaster , an expensive coaster .
 Extreme disappointment is a good way to describe my view of Extraction Point . Now I 'm a HUGE fan of the first game , one of the first truely creepy games since the System Shock series . Do n't get me wrong I was not expecting vastly improved gameplay , all new enemies , or a new physics engine . What I expected is STORY , a good story can make a good game great ! The story of Extraction Point has a chopped off feeling akin to watching the first segment of your favorate TV show and then your wife shuts off the TV . If the game would have been $ 19.99 and been named `` F.E.A.R. Extraction Point
 Extreme disappointment way to describe my view of Extraction Point.first it was way to short to finish . have spent many hours playing and the original F.E.A.R . this version took me abount 2.5 to 3 hrs to finish and at the end when you helicopter gets blown up you think your going to another level and game ends . graphic are very good . just up to par with first one.do not wast your money on this it is not worth buying not enough level like first one . To spend 30.00 on this game not worth it.look for it used if you have to have it . i am shore you will find alot of them selling on ebay and other sites . i just hpoe they come out with another expansion pack that is as good as first one
 F.E.A.R installs SecuROM -LRB- version 7.27 -RRB- on your computer . This is spyware that is - supposed - to stop piracy . Getting it off your computer is a major pain as it creates registry keys with weird null characters in them , and files that ca n't be easily deleted . I will Google SecuROM and the name of any game I buy from now on to make sure the lame DRM SecuROM is n't on anything else I buy . If you already have this game just try and delete theSecuROM directory on your computer and see what happens .
 sadly no matter how you fight it and argue . a game can be fun and look good but you also pay for something that will last you longer than a movie . face it , it 's an expansion , no extra work for graphics or gameplay . so basically they just had to think up more story ... that 's what you paid for , for them to sit around and think up a story that only last a couple hours . no more to say .
 The game by itself is good on the action , but nothing new ! The same clones and more of the weird stuff . Nothing new ... I total rip off and the ending was horrible and left you hanging just like half life 2 ... A total rip off . I want my money back .
 This is n't a good product , plain and simple . It came to me in a plastic bag with no labels of any kind , but I was hopeful because the concept was simple and I own a n64 adapter that works flawlessly . However , somewhere between the 2 nes controllers I tried this with and my usb port , something is wrong . I 'm not sure how they did it , but they managed to completely muck up a simple job of adapting the controller to usb . It has virtually no signal to the pc and when it does pickup button presses , it 's from wiggling the connecter and getting miss-fires of all the keys randomly . Looks like I wo n't be playing super meat boy with an nes controller anytime soon !
 I attempted to buy the `` Retrolink '' adapter shown in the image above , but was shipped a `` Retro-bit '' branded adapter . I was disappointed not to get what was shown in the image on the Amazon.com web page where I added it to my shopping cart . I 'm even more disappointed by the adapter 's performance . When I use it to plug in my NES controller , I find crosstalk between my buttons , and I 'm unable to properly calibrate it . Up , Left , and Right on the D-pad work , but Down crosstalks with Left , button 1 crosstalks with button 2 , button 2 crosstalks with button 3 , button 3 crosstalks with button 4 , and button 4 crosstalks with Up . The result is that my games get multiple button responses when I press only one button . This is terribly disappointing . It may be possible to crack open the adapter and do some soldering or other surgery on its guts , but I lack the tools and skills for that , and I 'd rather have my money back . Two big thumbs down for the shoddy workmanship of the product that was shipped to me instead of what I ordered .
 Worked for one day then directional pad is switches from unresponsive to only allowing character movement up and to the right . select button is unresponsive
 I received two of these as a gift this Christmas . I plugged in the adapters and the computer recognized them with no problem . However , when they are plugged in simultaneously only input from the first controller is recognized . I have tried testing this through multiple emulators with the same effect . I also swapped controllers around -LRB- both function in the first player port -RRB- , swapped adapters , and also swapped USB ports . I have a message out to the seller asking for a solution since the product description clearly states &#34; Get 2 adapters to challenge your friends to multiplayer games . &#34; The controller that does get recognized works well so far , but I do notice that the down button does n't hold down constantly -LRB- which is cumbersome in games such as mario 3 where you have to hold down consistently for certain objectives -RRB- . I 'll update the product review as I receive more details on the simultaneous controls .
 It 's recogized as a USB joystick , and it supports button presses . The only part that does n't work is the direction pad , it reports absolute garbage there . Without touching anything , the left button reports being constantly tapped . The down arrow does absolutely nothing.The unit I got is labeled Retro-Bit , not RetroLink . Maybe earlier buyers got something that works , but those glory days are long behind . If it were simply unable to make a USB connection , or not recognize a controller , then yeah , I 'd figure it to be broken . I just ca n't imagine how the 5 lines of code that go in-between the two can go wrong , unless it was never implemented .
 I dont know if this was the exact product but the 1st time i used it it broke instantly in other words dont buy this item insted buy the mayflash snes adapter it works umteenmilion times better and is multi system usable .
 Yup , Retro-bit . I do n't care . plug it in the USB port , nothing pops up on my computer ... I have Mac . How do I get my computer to recognize that the thing is plugged in ? No directions ... NO CLUE HOW TO USE IT . HELP !
 I bought this in high hopes that I was going to be playing NES games on my Mac as soon as it got here . I have had this for about 1 week now and can not get it to work properly . My Mac or bootcamp PC would not recognize the plug n ' play . I downloaded a few software drives for an NES controller which worked to some degree . Which ever games I played , the character kept trying to move left and in Contra , the characters permanently looked down . Also , this did not come with the advertised adapter . Instead I received the `` Retro-bit '' . If anyone has any idea how I could get this to work , please let me know . Otherwise new buyers ... . do not buy this if you do not like to waste your time .
 I purchased this two of these items , -LRB- by the way its says , `` Retro-bit '' not `` retrolink '' -RRB- and both did not work correctly . I tested them with three different controllers and they kept press the `` b '' button when you would press left on the joy pad . Also there 's no `` down '' even after I tried to calibrate it . All in all this product does not work correctly , DO NOT BUY IT !
 Like some other reviewers , I also received a `` retro-bit '' adapter as opposed to a `` retro-link '' . ... and like those other reviewers I soon realized that this product is absolute garbage . The directional pad does n't work and therefore this product can not be used . I really ca n't believe these things are even manufactured . what a joke . I 'll be sending mine back .
 Its hard for me to reconcile with all of the positive reviews this game has received . Its true the graphics are amazing , but the rest of the game far less so . After two hours of endless button mashing and tedious game play I had had enough . The only solutiom was to put it back in the box and take it back to the video store . Which brings me to the real point of this review - to recommend renting this game rather than purchasing it .
 Keep your money in your pocket - it was mildly entertaining - therefore two stars . But in hindsight , if you do n't already own it - do n't buy .
 dont buy this pad i plugged it in and it didnt work there arent even buttons in it buy a konami pad
 This was flimsy and I got it as a gift . No one wanted it , and it was referred to as cheap . Then , even when I found someone to take it , it did n't even work . To pay shipping both ways would n't even make the refund worth while . It is going right into the garbage .
 I am a huge F1 fan , and after seeing Project Gotham on Xbox I thought the F1 2001 game would be awesome . NOT ! This game is flat-out terrible . The graphics look like an N64 racing game . Project Gotham totally blows it away graphically . From a driving perspective , the cars just do n't feel right , almost like I was playing Drivin ` USA at the arcade . As big of an F1 fan as I am , I could not help but trade this thing in -LRB- at a loss -RRB- to the local video game store to buy something else.And another thing about EA Sports ... I think that all they are doing is porting their games from PS2 to Xbox , leaving the graphics and everything else unchanged ... This F1 game does n't even scratch the surface of the capabilities of the Xbox . Also , Madden Football 2002 on Xbox by EA Sports looks no different from the PS2 game -LRB- graphically -RRB- . NFL Fever BLOWS IT AWAY . So I do n't recommend getting ANY EA Sports games for Xbox until they decide to write games that use the capabilities of the XBOX.It is really disappointing that they are not doing more than just copying games over from PS2 .
 I thought this game would be great , ... Graphics are solid , but the cars are nearly impossible to steer . This is a repackaged `` Pole Position '' for the 2000 's . If you hit another open-wheeled car at 190 mph , it should go flying off the track into thousands of pieces . It does n't .
 I do n't like games where you have to put in the CD in order to play them . I do n't want to spend time fussing with the CDs.Also , this one is not intuitive.Save your money for something else .
 This item promised to be a puzzle maker ; however , I could not create crossword puzzles from the word lists I have for my students . I am very disappointed with this product . I would not recommend it for anyone who wishes to `` make '' their own puzzles .
 Mine did n't come with ANY instructions ; figured out how to make a find-a-word , but bought it specifically for crosswords . I could do better with a pencil & graph paper & saved myself a few bucks . Do n't bother .
 I played Dragon Quest 8 and liked it very much , so I thought I would start from the begining with # 1 and play through . This game was so annoying I only played for about 5 minutes and had to turn it off .
 Like most RPG , this game is incredibly boring . I almost slept over it .
 When I first got the game it was really cool because It was really Challenging , but once you get all three people -LRB- on II -RRB- it is so easy and you zip through the game . On I it 's really easy the whole entire time and I beat the Game in 4 hours comparing it to Dragon Worrior It sorta sucks .
 This game was the best thing for n64 but the graphics were not as good as the game itself was . lots of fun . unfortunatly does not have a table match has more superstars than i ever known . In the tag team ledder match has only one ledder . thousands of moves . You may create a new superstar or use the dosens of superstars made for u. ...
 This is the worst wrestling game I have ever played . The graphics are awful , and so is the gameplay . It seems cool at first having so many wrestlers , but they all have nearly the exact same moves , which destroys the point of multiple characters . My best advice is to stay away from this game .
 The only reason i gave this game 1 star is cause i havent played it just like everyone else in the reviews . First off dont listen to what these people say cause they have never played the game before . I have WM2K and yes the game rules . If i were writing a review for that game it would have got a 5 , but im not im writing it for this game `` WHICH NONE OF YOU HAVE EVER PLAYED '' . Rent the game first then see how you like it , after that come here and write a review . Just dont write a review about something you 've only seen pics of .
 Maybe it is just me , but I feel that WWF No Mercy is the one that most appeals to a limited crowd . From what I see , it 's either you enjoy wrestling and love this game , or you hate/couldn ' t care less about wrestling and you do n't . I happen to be in the latter category , and so I feel that there is nothing about this game that I really enjoy . I really do n't think there are anything in this game that would appeal to other non-wrestling-fans except for the fact that it is easy to pick up and play . Being a non-wrestling fan , I do n't really understand what exactly the crowd meter thingy is for . You could be beating the life out of the opposing wrestler , yet your relation with the crowd is relatively low . I highly doubt that any other non-wrestling-fans would know what it is either.That is not to say that there is nothing fun about this game . As I said , the game is very easy to pick up and play . After a few rounds of button mashing , you would be able to figure out that A is to grapple and do whatever other attacks you have , and B is to just beat the living crud out of each and every one of your opponents . Yet if you are not familiar with how to end a match , then you 'll likely just attack for a while until your opponent gets seriously bloody . Constantly pressing B just to turn your opponent into a bloody mess gets old if you keep on doing it for several minutes . And controlling characters on a semi-3D environment just does not feel natural . Sure , I do n't mind the fact that the game keeps you locked onto an opponent at all times , but it is moving around that gets tedious.WWF No Mercy was probably the most realistic wrestling game back in 2000 . There are authentic entrances with authentic entrance music as well as authentic game modes . Yet to be completely honest , I do n't really care . The graphics are more gritty and realistic than Asmik Ace and Aki 's previous two wrestling games -LRB- 1998 's WCW/nWo Revenge and 1999 's WWF Wrestlemania 2000 -RRB- , and the characters models do n't look like faces painted on blobs like earler wrestling games . In other words , they actually look like people this time around . However , they still do n't look very good . Stephanie McMahon looks like a zombie , or somebody really ugly wearing a lot of makeup . Crowds are no better than previous Asmik Ace/AKI wrestling games . They do n't look like cardboard anymore , but they are just really ugly , really pixelated sprites instead . Sound effects are a bit laughable . It 's just `` BOOM ! KAPAM KAPOW ! '' Yeah . It 's not that I have anything against this game , but I just do n't find it that good . It still is the best of the Asmik Ace/Aki wrestling games . Maybe I would appreciate it more if I actually watch wrestling . Hey , at least from the critical success , it establishes the Nintendo 64 as the premiere system for wrestling . That is something to be proud of .
 WWF No Mercy is an insult to wrestling games , the WWF , No Mercy and October . It 's total crap and Triple H 's face is not a mixture between fried and scrambled eggs.If you low blow someone , you hear a cartoon-style PING ! Impressive -LRB- ! -RRB- Gameplay is slow and sluggish and for N64 , even though it 's a piece of monkey crap , it 's a bad game . When you come to your senses and destroy it , it wo n't be a bad thing , it 'll be a GOOD thing !
 WWF No Mercy sucks ! . Yes I know some of you people might be saying is this boy crazy but im not . The reason that WWF No Mercy sucks is for just one little glitch that came packed with the game . Every time you Create A Wrestler or earn lots of money it gets erased ! Once I actually won the Survival mode and I was so Happy ! . The last person was Andre The Giant of course and the number was 75 since the computer had done almost all the work . I had lots of $ $ $ in the game . Then I went back and played it with one of my created wrestlers and played with him in Championship and then minutes later the game erased everything ! . I was so freaking mad that I am now not playing the game anymore unless it 's with a friend . But I am not creating a wrestler anymore and I am not going back to championship . The only two people that tne game left me with were Linda Mcmahon and Andre The Giant ! And it is so much work to create a wrestler too and that is why I hate WWF No Mercy . I wasted so many ink and printer paper so I could print out created wrestlers for this game ! I know there are many more people with this problem than me and I bet they will also say something a little bit the same then what I said . Go ahead and waste your -LRB- money -RRB- on this game but I suggest that you try not to get any $ $ $ or create any wrestlers . The wrestlers that are included already in the game are great though but people love to create wrestlers in their wrestling games and this is not the game to do this in .
 the game did not work at all when we got it . I am very disapointed about it . believe they sent me the wrong game
 I do like this game but the game does n't work . The conditions of the game , -LRB- cover -RRB- are acceptable , it 's a shame this person sold a game that does n't work .
 no mercy has got to be the worst wwf game i have ever played . for one thing no mercy does not have special entrances like wrestlemania 2000 does . in no mercy the titantron does not play when you make your entrance . also in no mercy every tag team comes out seperately and you have to buy everything from the smackdown mall and where 's the fun in that ? also the box says up to 10 backstage areas and there are only six . in conclusion smackdown 2 is the better buy .
 This was n't one of the best games I 've played . No matter what I did , in the game , all my information was erased for no reason . Info is there one minute and gone the next . Also , the CPU players counter way to much and it is hard to get any shots in . So in my opinion , bad game .
 Thsi is a nice game , its fun for a while , I 'd give it 5 stars except for the fact that the memory is SCREWED UP . you can win a title match , but when you go back to the screen , its gone , you can create special characters and when you go to select them , they 're gone , it dose n't have the in-ring celebration as WM2000 , but it does have post-match celebrations .
 This game is a very good game.But everything i do in the championship mode get 's deleted.The game saves but everytime i get a belt like after a week it gets deleted.Plus in this game there is no TLC.There is no HELL IN A CELL.Hay the undertaker in this game does not even come out on his motorcycle.This game is not good.I wish i never got this game.But This fall SMACKDOWN3 is coming out.You talk about game smackdown3 its the best.Everthing you can think of is in the game.Everything that has been done in real life on raw is war.Or smackdon the TV shows.Even the last man standing match n in smackdown3 Just Bring it.I just say this you wwf no mercy fans watch out cause smackdown3 is coming.And smackdown3 will be out of this world .
 Horrible , horrible graphics . The video setup of this program only supports old , old video cards -- Voodoo fx nd Banshee . I had a Voodoo card -- bout 12 years ago ! On a good nVidia card , game does not work except in a tiny window . You can get it in full screen mode , but it does stranges things . Whoever wrote the software obviously is way out of touch with graphics programming on modern graphics chips . I got two games from COSMI and they are both very amateurish in design and support . Stay away from this company . The box is pretty -- maybe the box is worth 50 cents .
 This is a big waste of money ! This is a shareware program which is not stated ANYWHERE on the box . After you think you 've installed it , you 'll find out the only way to play one of the games is to register and pay a fee -LRB- between $ 2 - $ 15 -RRB- for EACH game . How frustrating since this is not conveyed on the box !!!
 I tryed to play this game but man is it boring . It just doesnt represent the PS2 and the power it has to offer . If I were you I would atleast rent before buying . That way you dont get burned .
 Bad UI . No control . Confusing . Terrible . Wish I had bought something else . You will too .
 bought this for my 7 yr . old and she was not impressed prolly played once then moved onto another game ! Very dissappionted !!!
 Cute concept , not that hard but my daughter is 6 and not reading enough to have fun with this game , and there is A LOT of reading . You basically ca n't do anything without reading the instructions they give you via conversations between Miley and her friends . I have to sit with my daughter whenever she wants to play . That is the downside I think , once you are old enough to read , it might be too simple of a game to enjoy .
 The game has only about three challenges before it ends . I finished in about 15 minutes . I would be angry if I had n't gotten it for free .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 6 th birthday and she has found it a little difficult to play . I feel this game is much better suited for the 8 + yr olds . There is a lot of reading throughout the game and at her age she got bored and frustrated before finishing it .
 my daughter was saying it is not a easy game to figure out she prefers not to play it said it is boring
 I got this game because I like the show Hannah Montana . This game is so stupid ! I spent my Christmas money on this game . I am very mad about this . I want my money back . The graphics are worse than the game . You go around playing Miley . It is so stupid , just let the world know Miley is Hannah Montana . I finished this game in about a hour . You can try the game , but you will be thanking me if you do n't buy the game . The game is also so boring . I am never going to buy a disney game again .
 Both my children -LRB- 8 and 5 -RRB- complained that this game seemed a little difficult .
 I am 13 and a half years old , and I love the show Hannah Montana , and I love Miley Cyrus , that is why I got it . I Started playing this game , is was fun at first , then it got really anoying . You do like the same tasks over and over , it 's really anoying . I got a head ache from the music , and I beat this game in less than two hours . I would n't recomend for any one , only if you are really bored one day . It is fun when you go into Hannah 's closet you can dress her , but you ca n't do any thing else . At the end it is a surprise but it 's cheesy . Hope you follow my advice , I will probably ask my dad to put this game on ebay , because I do n't want to play it any more , so I will just sell it .
 I thought I bought a Video of Hannanh Montana , but it was a game . I contacted the seller and he said I could return it for credit . It cost me $ 4.98 to sent it to him . he had to sign for it . It was returned to me . I wrote to the seller again and he has n't responsed .
 I can not review this product since I never received it although it was meant to be a Christmas present .
 All I have to say is WHY . Why would disney make a stupid game like this , why would any selfrespecting game company produce this , and why would anyone want to play this ! Who wants to play a game about someone who only thinks shes a pop star . Me being a gamer i am disgusted buy this pathetic excuse for entertainment.WHAT EVER YOU DO , DO NOT BUY THIS NO MATER WHAT THE DISNEY CHANNEL TELLS YOU !
 Hi , I just bought this game yesterday at bestbuy . I have not tried it out yet and I am looking forward to playing it . -LRB- thats why I put one star for the ratings . -RRB- I will read everyone elses reviews and see what this game is like . If you are reading my review right now , please reply to it when you write YOUR review . Thanks , my name is Hannah by the way . See ya l8er !!
 I really tried to like this game , but after two days in the game , I was still spending all my time parking my Boron Dolphin in Silicon mines . This game is a time sink , for a couple of reasons : - Even with the patch , it crashes every two to three hours on my laptop . - Cut scenes -LRB- slow , boring cutscenes with badly rendered characters badly voice-acting inane dialog -RRB- always happen after the automatic saves , so every time the game crashes you have to go through the whole slow show again . There is no way to skip the cut scenes . - Even with x10 speedup , you spend most of your time in the early game waiting for your spaceship to go from point A to point B . After you get the automatic pilot and engine enhancements this gets a little faster . Unfortunately there is no enhancement to skip the ride between the docking port and the ship 's berth , so now you spend all your time floating through claustrophobic corridors to get to your parking space . - A jump drive cuts down travel time a lot , but why the unnecessary countdown ? After jumping a couple of dozen times the novely wears off and the countdown just becomes one more tedious pauze.Trading is slow , fighting is near impossible with either mouse -LRB- too brusque -RRB- or arrow keys -LRB- only stepwise control -RRB- , building is even slower and reminiscent of a real time strategy game played at a glacial pace.The one thing that this game has going for it is the beautiful design of its spaceships , especially the Boron Shark and other ships which look like deepsea creatures . The role of space tourist is the only enjoyable one . All other roles turned into tedious stepping through menus , some of which are very badly designed , like for instance the monitor system which has overlapping but nonidentical commands in two different parts of the menu hierarchy . I have gone crazy several times figuring out that auto-targetting in a monitor can only be set through the `` option '' menu , while all other monitor configuration setting goes through the `` ship '' menu.Too bad . Somewhere in this tediousness is hidden a beautiful , wonderously exciting space exploration game .
 I owned Unreal and was summarily awed by its depth and storyline . Really blew me away , but I eventually got to the end and except for a brief foray into Unreal Tourney , left gaming behind for a few years.I picked up Unreal 2 second-hand , and I 'm glad I did . It 's not worth full price , and it is suprisingly badly coded and uses an awful script for the storyline.The bad code is unforgiveable in a game such as Unreal 2 . It relies upon specialized graphics processing and a specific DirectX level . This is not uncommon for the high-end graphics of a first-person shooter . The General Protection Faults , on the other hand , are criminal . This game just wo n't run for more than thirty minutes without throwing a GPF and dumping me out.A game that does n't reliably play is hardly worth a star . Assuming it might just be my machine , I still have enough problems with the game itself to recommend avoidance.The storyline is a total snooze . I love the increased detail and depth of control given to the environment -LRB- opening hatches , talking to people , etc -RRB- , but players are locked into a scripted set of responses , and there 's no skipping the interludes . Talk about buzzkill
 One of the rules of Kakuro puzzles is that there is only one possible solution , unfortunately this program generates Kakuro puzzles with multiple solutions , which are then impossible to solve without guessing .
 I was n't happy when I got the item , I was sure I was purchasing an artic ice battery cover and when i received it it was purple . It works for the purpose i needed but i would have liked to have it match the Gameboy .
 The one that I received was a Taiwanese reproduction and the color did not match the original shell . Still , it fit nicely on the console .
 I had this game over a year trying to get it to play on my pc.Tech Support was no help at all.Finally I found by lowering the resolution i got it to play.Dont know why because my resolution max is only 1050 x 768 . Hope this will help others having problems.The game was not worth the effort.The game is 90 % Driving puzzle and 10 % action.Every mission requires you to drive long distances through crowded streets.No speeding and stopping at red lights.At the same time trying to find a route to take you to your destination.Example : You are told to go to a mechanic 2 islands over , only certain bridges will get you there.He tells you to steal a car another long drive through the maze.When you get there stealing the car is only getting out of your car and driving off in the one you are stealing.You are then told to drive the car back to where you started in the first place which is another long hall . -LRB- Exciting was n't it -RRB- . If you took out all the excess driving and the exceptionaly long cut sceans a person could finish this game in a couple of hours .
 I was thinking this was Sid Myers Gettysburg I was getting . Turns out I get a cheap ancient program way before Sid Myers time . Oh the program works but it was n't what I ordered . It 's a very cheap version of a game called gettysburg.Won ' t make that mistake again .
 First it is unfairly hard and you ca n't change the difficulty2 . it crashes all the timedo n't spend you money on this garbageI did , and regret it soooooo much.The disk made a good archery target though
 I have to disagree with the other reviewers . I think that the puzzles were not mentally engaging . The interface is very pretty but the challenge just was n't there !
 I expected more from a Microsoft product . You can find better features on shareware and freeware games than what is offered here.The graphics are all dingy earth tones . The chess pieces appear squashed , and all the pieces look dirty and worn , as if the models for the pieces were taken out of a garbage bin . There is no option to change the look of the pieces or the boards.The games do n't seem to have been programmed by someone that actually played games . Backgammon has no doubling cube . You ca n't take back a move after the final move . Shogi uses traditional Japanese characters instead of the international symbols . You can not copy the moves of any of the games to the clipboard , and the games are not saved in the accepted game standards that would allow the moves to be copied to other platforms . There are only three play levels per game.You have several choices for background music , all bad.The game takes up a tremendous amount of disk space , and gives very little in return . Overall , a waste of money .
 I seriously hate this game.Its the worst game ever made on Playstation.Its frustrating.Every time you try to do a trick you just fall down and the graphics are horrible.The soundtrack is also a little bit annoying -LRB- it has good bands but they chose bad songs from the good bands -RRB- . The frame rate is also really bad too.So do n't go anywhere near this game or consider purchasing it because its the worst game out there.Pick up Mat Hoffman 's Pro BMX or Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX instead .
 There were so many things which were disappointing about this game , it 's hard to know where to start . For beginners , the camera made me nauseous and much of the time you could n't see where you were going . The graphics were sub-par , with big chunks of the world like sidewalks and walls flickering on and off . The motions of the riders looks really stiff and unnatural . The control is wonky , and does n't feel like you 're riding a bike . For example he speeds up without pedaling ! Also the number of tricks pales in comparison to Mirra BMX and Tony Hawk.All in all , a big disappointment .
 Its too bad this game is as bad as it is . I would have loved it if it were a clone of Dave Mirras BMX , but its not . This came out after Dave Mirras BMX and it should have been better . This game suffers a great deal with clipping -LRB- textures and walls become see through -RRB- , the gameplay is slow , and the control is hard to manuver . When you turn , it turn more and further than you want it to go . The camera is very choppy and does not help you see what is in front of you . The animation is very stiff and unrealistic , even for a game . save your money and dont buy it . I love BMX and have been waiting for BMX games since Excitebike and I guess there always has to be a few games that come out only to get a quick buck , this is one of them .
 this game is terrible , it 's not even worth the money to rent it . Tony Hawk 2 is SOOOOOOOOOO much better . Even the MAtt Hofman demo in Tony hawk 2 is 10,000 times better . this game is awful , if you really want to get a BMX game , get Dave Mirra , and even that is n't that great of a game . the only reason i gave this game 2 stars , is because only games like that star the olsen twins deserver 1 star .
 I hated this game . It was realy bad . There is enemys every where.This game is not for everyone HalfLife is easyer then this . Thereis shooting everyware that you cant ' t go anyware , and the levles are to long . I would buy a real computer game then this . This game is a 0 star game , and it , s not even fun . It mite look cool on the out side but not on the inside .
 This game is the worst console shooter I have ever played . The controls are the real problem . I died 12 times -LRB- no joke -RRB- on the first level just trying to aim and shoot at the same time . The gameplay consists of running preforming random video game tasks like `` Open the locked doors '' and `` Stop the cargo truck '' . The graphics look like a bad PS game , and sound score is awful . Do n't buy this game . Instead , buy MGS2 .
 This game sucks it is so difficult to control the character that they have to train you just how to control the way oni walks . what kind of -LSB- ... -RSB- is that maybe others like that but I for one want to start the game not spend two hours in training rooms figuring out how to move that is crazy . I gave up after two hours of training and gave it back to my friend thank goodness I did n't waste money on this .
 They came so close to a good game in my opinion . The game is adictive and fun . However , the controls are complex and the camera use is just plain awful . The amount of enemies and secrets is almost laughable . Of course , what do you expect as the PS2 's first titles ? The PS2 is STILL trying to get off the ground a little bit , but I think the true power of the PS2 wo n't be seen until Final Fantasy X arrives . Until then , most games we get on the PS2 may just be worthless . Oni , could be a much better game then Rockstar did . They knew the controls were horrible and the camera was very insecure . To turn , you use one joystick and this will move the camera . The other joystick will move forward , backward , left -LRB- Facing forward -RRB- , and right -LRB- Facing forward -RRB- . This is no way to make a game . I personally tried to get used to it because I was enjoying the game until I got off one day finding my eyes bloddshot and my balance a bit out of whack . The game just wo n't hold you because of it 's problems . Sometimes , I went into rooms only to defeat two enemies and find nothing . The ability to look through the walls only causes glitches and clipping . Now for it 's good points . The graphics are very well done and can at least can go up against Zelda 64 . The animation is smooth and the use of pics is very nice . The voice acting is n't bad at all , and the amount of talking is pretty long . The story 's not too bad either .
 The Good
 I enjoy playing these old titles sometimes you find a gem you skipped over , and sometimes you find a turd . This game is a turd.Remember the earlier days of gaming when the box cover was usually more exciting than the game itself ? Well it 's pretty much the same thing here.Hands down the most incredibly difficult game you will probably ever have the opportune chance of playing . Nearly impossible to beat thanks to the games mechanics . You 'll at times feel like your trying to take down a tank with a sling shot with the powerless weapon selection they provide you.The controls are n't that great but they are n't that bad . This is the first time I had to use a cheat code to survive in a game since Duke Nukem ... and I mean the original side scroller version . This game is inhumanely difficult . You 'll have 2-3 guys attacking you at once . While one is shooting with 100 % marksman ship just draining your life away the other -LRB- s -RRB- will be kicking and punching you and knocking you down . So your getting both beat and shot to death . Sounds like it would be rare but it is n't . This happens 100 % of the time when you have one armed and one unarmed opponent mix . Each armed gooned you come across is almost like a mini boss . Your guns will barely phase them while they 're guns hit every mark and will kill you even if you jump and run around or try to see cover.Very poor game mechanics , and pretty inconsistent game play . The music is mundane and the artwork switches from fantastic to what is this supposed to be . Might not matter but in an `` anime '' game what 's the reason for having several different artist with multiple renderings of the same character that look different in each one ? Sounds like I 'm being harsh but I just expected the in game art to look as good as the front cover and the opening scene . Instead it goes from Madhouse to Crayola crayon .
 okay ... I played this game and decided to take it back after the second day and get another game . Thank goodness I had bought it used . I do n't think it was hard to learn how to control her in the training missions ... it just made it wierd to try to aim and move and shoot with the analog sticks . I just did n't like the controls ... plus the fact of this beeing my first PS2 game it did n't meet with graphical expections or desires . I went and bought sky odyssey and found it to be a much better game . You want a fighting game try Onimusha Warlords or Dynasty Warriors both are great .
 Oni is a completely worthless game . The graphics blow
 When I first read about Oni several months ago I was excited and wanted to play it instantly . The anime style art and the story grabbed me as very intersting and developed and the screeshots I saw looked wonderful . What I found upon finally playing the game was a disappointing effort on the developers part.First of all I 'll tackle the gameplay . This is the area that drove me nuts . I wanted to like Oni so much I tried and tried and tried to not let the controls frustrate me but the way the controls are worked out you constantly have to adjust the camera after turning because the camera and Konoko are controlled by the same analog stick . The buttons on the controller have a steep learning curve and it will take you practically the whole game to get used to the movement . Do n't even think about trying to shoot while you are running as aiming is next to impossible and with no auto-tracking feature you are bound to miss more often than not . To sum up the controls in one brief statement - They suck . Another issue about gameplay is how saves are done . There are no save points , the game automatically saves once you reach a certain point so if you die maybe 5 steps before the next save point , too bad you have to go all the way back and start over again.The Graphics of this game look inspiring on paper however as one begins to explore the levels they become very bland and boring . While Konoko herself and most of the characters involved are fine graphically , the settings are horrendous . They are completely void of anything interesting and they seem to be the same mediocre sets from level to level . This does n't even take into account that the levels are not interactive at all . Except for a few windows you can shoot out you can gun down some of the computers and crates and it wo n't even leave a bullethole . Its always reassuring to know that in just a few years scientists have created bulletproof material to match the appearance of everything known to man.The story is one point where I am mixed . The background story they give in the manual is very dark and appropriate and I enjoyed reading that more than any other part of the game . The actual gameplot is predictable but is horrible like other aspects of the game . However , the story is far from gripping and in many places you have no idea what you are doing to further the plot.Oni was a game with great potential however the controls can be so frustrating that you forget the storyline and spend more time throwing your controller against the wall than actually playing the game . The levels are boring and bland with really nothing to do except fight battles and find control panels . The battles will get tedious quickly with the irritating controls . I really tried to like this game as it had such great potential , but after playing it for several days I can only recommend it if you are a big adventure fan or as a rental .
 I was really looking forward to this one . . Quite different than I thought It would be . I Pictured a cartoon type atmosphere from the pics of reviews , only to realize they were shots from the opening movie sequence . . Dont get Me wrong the graphics are sharp , but there are 2 major factors to the game that i did not like . . Detail & ControlIt does not have all that much detail . certain rooms are in desperate need of a window or something to look at.It falls short in this area , Some background graphics are blocked and not rounded in detail . Also when you stand on any object or platform near the edge you can see your feet are not on the platform . . for those of you who look at that sort of thing . . I am not a fan of tomb raider , This reminds Me of tomb raider alot . . long boring levels . . with no action . . I Must say I do not like the 4 contoller configurations they offer . . I Love the way the contol set up is on 007 on the N-64 , And Medal of honor 1 & 2 on the p.s.x. . Other companies should do that same format.The control on oni is very hard to get used to , but it does take full advantage of the controller capabilities using the R-1 / R-3 Buttons ... Over all I would rent this if I were you , I am gon na sell mine on e-bay . .
 For any of you that have already played siphon filter for the PS1 then I will suggest you go back and play it instead of reading my review of this game . As many of you have already guessed Oni has the same general game play and feel as the aforementioned game . Additional control was added to give the player more things to worry about during game play but otherwise not much has changed mechanically . Now as for the storyline this game presents a classic , or should I say transparent , plot that does not develop into anything worthwhile . Each level is more of the same thing with the foreshadowing functioning as subtly as a herd of elephants . In short this game could only be redeemable if it had come out on the PS1 . There is no evidence of the capability , or the price tag , that has become associated with PS2 titles.I would recommend renting this game instead of purchasing it . There is little to no replay value and the plot will not keep a player interested for long .
 oh , i do n't know it lacked a certain something Whats the word FUN ! Pethetically enahanced graphics horible background graphics this game makes the ps2 look bad no good plot setting objectives do n't waste your money , time , eye sight , and power onthis stupid stupid game >
 I thought this would be one of the coolest games out for the PS2 right now . And in some respects , that 's true . However , as a seasoned veteran of game systems , this is probably the hardest game to control I have EVER played . It 's a rare thing for me to get so angry at video game . DO n't let the fluidity of Konoko 's motion to confuse the issue ... You ca n't control her . It 's difficult to get used to using both analog sticks top control movement , aim weapons , and look around . That coupled with too many enemies that attack in groups will frustrate you . It 's really awful to be having your tail kicked and not be able to even find who 's got their foot in you rear . I found Oni to be a complete frustrating waste of time and money .
 Rockstar , the developers of this awful game , sure have been pumping out the PS2 games . Smuggler 's Run was fun and all , but this is just too bad . It fails in every way that a game can . The visuals are sub-par -LRB- PSOne games look 10x better than this -RRB- , it controls like a cow , and the actual gameplay is repetitive and a chore to play . Not worth your time .
 Imagine Jet For Gemeni -LRB- n64 -RRB- for PS2 with bad graphics and horrible controls . You need one stick to steer side to side and look up and down , while using the other to side-step and move forward ? Then to make things worse , they do n't even let you change it . Control ... , gameplay is stolen , and graphics are n't really up to par . Think twice before getting this overhyped ... - fest .
 The previews looked so cool . Get this , you need a TUTORIAL TO WALK . Yes , walking is a pain . WHenever you go sideways you actually strafe sideways , it is really inconvienient . The controls are terrible . You will see what I mean when you get to the first part of the training . You have to run around a room in an extremely short time . I had to do it like 8 times . Basically to beat it I walked straight , strafed left , then went backwards , and narrowly got it . Then the combos , they are so difficult to pull off . I honestly feel that the creators were trying to make it as hard as possible to lash out against the society or something.The backgrounds are terrible . I rented this game for one day and was fed up with it after 5 minutes of the first level . You honestly are going to see alot of boxes , in some of the most uninspired and retarted rooms ever . One room was a square . O thats right , they are all squares , with 2 or 3 boxes of course . Ca n't forget those boxes.The guns are the worst actually . When you shoot 6 bullets with a gun , mabye 5 , your girl looks at the roof . She can not hold a gun straight . The target practice is basically 3 targets going directly upward . I mean seriously , this chick is an operative , and the recoil on her gun actually has her looking towards the roof in 6 shots or less . O but wait , lets say she walks while she shoots , now magically her gun has no recoil and she is fine . So whenever you want to shoot anything and actually hit it with 2 shots or more , you have to move around . Want to know something else ? The guns are stupid.The combos are hard to pull off , and worthless . I could care less about snapping that guy , I only have 2 arms . Jeez , it 's like memorizing the dictionary , then repeating it word for word with the same exact tone and depth that you memorized it with.The game is terrible . Spend no money on it . Rockstar must of been payed to stop making this game , because I never see it anywhere , and that is a GOOD thing .
 This is the worst PS2 game I have ever played . Boring , repetitive backgrounds , uninteresting weapons and characters , awkward control scheme , all on one disk . I bought this game used a while ago for $ 12.00 and I still feel ripped off.Did I mention the graphics ? This game was released close to the time of the PS2 launch , and it shows . There are also some serious clipping issues.Simply put
 Do n't be fooled by the seemingly positive reviews that ... seems to give this game . The thing that realy does this game in is the extremly awkward controls . I 'm sure they were trying to be inovative by coming up with a new way of doing things but in the end the game is supposed to be fun , and it is n't fun dying every 10 min because you could n't accuratly turn around and hit the guy behind you . Add this in with a `` been there , done that '' storyline and you have a game you definetly can do without . This game is so bad that I rented it , only played for two days , forgot I had it and ended up having to pay the late fee when I did n't return it in time .
 I did n't like it from the first time but gave it more of a chance and played it 3 or 4 more times until I gave up and probably wo n't touch it gain ! I found the controls too complicated , the graphics annoying , and the characters not likeable or even interesting ... But what bothered me most is the cutesy childlike voiceover which sounded like a 4 year old talking to you while Oni is reaching for machine guns and bazookas . A surreal combination . My experience with this kind of game before Oni was with Tomb Raider . This game does n't measure up and Oni is no Lara Croft .
 I love 3rd person action games , but ONI is NOT one of PS2 's shining moments . first off the graphics are very DULL , there is no kewl storyline , as opposed to syphon filter , tomb raider resident evil ETC. and The controls really suck , especially for a action game . waayyy too many button schemes.This is a blatant ghost in the shell wannabe , and not for TRUE ANIME fans . -LRB- you know who you are . . -RRB- if i had a choice i would rather buy EA 's X Sqaud . it may be a lil ' simplistic , but you 'll get your $ $ worth . i would pass on ONI and save -LRB- $ -RRB- more to buy a DREAMCAST . iv ' e seen much better games on SEGA 's dying platform than the much hyped PS2.BUYER BEWARE . . Rent ONI , b4 you buy !!
 Before Bungie made Halo -LRB- the most overrated game of all time , aside from Grand Theft Auto
 I have almost played all the playstation games that exist . Let me tell you . Oni is nothing like Metal gear solid or some other good games . It 's boring ! period ! And , not to mention the controls . It took me sometime to learn how to control the her movements and I still do n't like it . I bought it thinking how bad can it gets since most Electronic bontique ran out of this game . Boy , was I wrong . do n't waste your money buying this game .
 Oni did not live up to the hype . The graphics were dark , you can only carry one weapon , and the controls will cause you to go crazy or just cause you to return the game . Worst of all , the levels are just not that interesting .
 I was really looking forward to this one . . Quite different than I thought It would be . I Pictured a cartoon type atmosphere from the pics of reviews , only to realize they were shots from the opening movie sequence . . Dont get Me wrong the graphics are sharp , but there are 2 major factors to the game that i did not like . . Detail & ControlIt does not have all that much detail . certain rooms are in desperate need of a window or something to look at.It falls short in this area , Some background graphics are blocked and not rounded in detail . Also when you stand on any object or platform near the edge you can see your feet are not on the platform . . for those of you who look at that sort of thing . . I am not a fan of tomb raider , This reminds Me of tomb raider alot . . long boring levels . . with no action . . I Must say I do not like the 4 contoller configurations they offer . . I Love the way the contol set up is on 007 on the N-64 , And Medal of honor 1 & 2 on the p.s.x. . Other companies should do that same format.The control on oni is very hard to get used to , but it does take full advantage of the controller capabilities using the R-1 / R-3 Buttons ... Over all I would rent this if i were you , I am gon na sell mine on e-bay . .
 Oni is a very beautiful game with all its stage and caracters . However one may try to put how good the game is , it will be hard to prove so in practice . I am confident to say that I am quite a hard person to frustrate , but this game annoyed me so much I almost broke the controller . Its much too hard to get used to the controls -LRB- use all buttons -RRB- and to fight the opponents it is impossible . They always comes in bunchs and with weapons , which makes virtually to kill some of them ! The weapons are one of the worst things in the game . It 's so hard to aim and get the opponent that its not even funny . Plus , they always have the recoil , which can be said to make the game real , but only ... you off . I would strongly recommend you to rent this game before buying it , because I made the mistake of buying as soons as it came out and I can say that I WASTED MONEY ON THIS GAME ! So if you wan na try it , go ahead , but do not buy it if you have n't played yet ! You will regret !
 I THINK THIS GAME REALLY -LSB- stinks -RSB- I AM NOT VERY HAPPY ABOUT THE GAME PLAY . I MEAN THE FIGHTING MOVES ARE PRETTY COOL BUT THE THING THAT I DO N'T LIKE ARE THE CAMERA ANGLES . SOMETIMES WHEN YOU ARE RUNNING OR JUST WALKING AROUNG THE CAMERA SOMETIMES MAKES IT SO THAT YOU CA N'T SEE . ANOTHER THING I HAVE TO USE BOTH HANDS TO CONTROL HER . BUT OTHER THAN THOSE TWO THINGS I THINK THE GAME IS OK . . ONE MORE THING ADD AUTO AIMING I THINK THAT WOULD BE BETTER TO . .
 oni is the word boring it suks so muchbad graphics you spend 30 minutes just learning how 2 walki bought it in amazon it onli cost me 5 pounds like $ 9 stillis not worth no dimeplz dont buy this game u will thank me later
 I went to ... video store to rent some games for my new PS2 -LRB- Im so happy -RRB- and saw ONI . First thing I thought was ` GHOST IN THE SHELL ' ... I rented it anyways
 Oni was way , way too difficult to control . I found I had to set all of the controls to my own ways because otherwise there would be no way I would ever get through it . The only real value to the game is that is good looking and has a lot of freedom . Unfortunately , the effort to give you freedom gave the game ... controls . The game also lacked originality and a sense of adventure that I hoped would come with it . Instead , it was a game where if you were patient in playing it enough you could get through it . I think if this was the first version of the game , as the manufacturer I would be pleased , but would have long conversations on how to improve it . As a result , look elsewhere to spend your bucks .
 Tyco should not be making games . This game is the stupidest game in the UNIVERSE !!!! It is so bad it made me want to throw my SP across the room ! Do not buy it .
 This was a waste of momey . I ca n't even past the first level . You have to beat each level more than once . It is so boring .
 BEWARE game fans ... IF the WWF put out ketchup , you 'd see 100 people telling you it 's the best ketchup ever . This is the same case.This game is very bad . I 've been playing it for a week now and I plan on trading it away today . Ironically , the same people -LRB- THQ -RRB- that put out this terrible game also put out the BEST wrestling game ever for the N64 with WWF
 I 'll give you all of the flaws in this game , # 1 : the season mode in this game is worse than the shut your mouth season , because the know your role season is 4 solid years , shut your mouth is only 2 years . # 2 : Trish stratus is ugly.Her face is just two black holes , a big old witch nose , and she actually comes out with shean morley.And finally # 3 : The hell in the cell match , when you climb the cage and fall down yor opponent stays on the cage and beefs up the crowd while you lay helplessly on the ground.so if you belive me I implore you to not get this game.that was bassil 6:13 speaking , over and out ...
 This game is cool , but could 've been better . It 's much better than Wrestlemania 2000 on N64 . However , the gameplay is way too fast , and the Season mode takes way too long . Buy Smackdown on Playstation 2 .
 For those thinking about purchasing this game , I urge you to put your money towards something more enjoyable , like extensive dental surgery.The game simply did not live up to the hype . Unfortunately , there are many discrepancies in the game . The WWF Title is only defended to the number one contender , thus ruling out Triple Threat or Fatal Fourway matches . Also , involving the WWF Title , it is only defended on average , about once a year.The cut scenes are too frequent and worse than the ones in the predecessor . The game tries too hard to follow past WWF scripts . For instance , while going in to WrestleMania , with The Undertaker as champ , they followed the WWF script , seeing a no title main event of The Rock , Triple H , and Mick Foley . The World Champion Undertaker was thrown in a non-title match with Funaki and Road Dogg . This just is n't right.Smaller things are no good . For example , the turnbuckle and its moves are almost impossible to execute , as the arcade style engine does n't allows the selling of moves.The only plus in this game is the cheap thrill of the `` Now Loading '' screen you get of a close up of Debra 's chest . But personally , ... is not worth ten seconds of a cheap thrill . Save your money .
 Well the game is good ... . lots of players ... but here are some cons ... . lots of them ... 1 -RRB- They walk like girls .2 -RRB- The weapons dont do anything .3 -RRB- They dont bleed . After all the beatings .4 -RRB- If you fall of the top rope or the hell in the cell . They will get right back up . with out any damage .5 -RRB- The season is soooo boaring ... . my cousins fell a sleep , when i was playing it .6 -RRB- Every time when micel cole interviews some one , after the interview he will srug like he has no idea of what the hell is going on.AND I COULD GO ON ... BUT LETS STOP ... CAUSE I AM TIERD OF TELLING THE TRUTH TO THE WORLD AND SAVING PEOPLE FROM THIS CRAP ... . UR WELLCOME . : - -RRB-
 The highly anticipated sequel to Smackdown is a big disappointment . The load time is tremendously long , some cut scenes do not even need to be in the game as they are a waste of time . The hell in the cell match is supremely overrated and the matches in the season mode make no sense whatsoever . They have people like the Rock fighting guys like Albert in the main event . A lot of the people do not look like themselve . Jericho looks nothing like himself , and Rikishi 's body looks disfigured . The moves are very basic . There is no jaw dropping effects or moves about this game . Some hidden characters are not worth unlocking ... like the unknowns ... and who really wants to play as Michael Cole or Gerald and Pat to name a few . The change character during season mode has been scrapped in this game as well ... so basically there are over 65 characters in the game and you 're stuck with using one unless you start a season over . As I said the load time is so long and cut scenes so useless that you might want to take a nap before you get to fight . Smackdown 2 , waste of money ... rent it if you want to play , but do n't waste your money .
 do n't get me wrong , folks , I love the WWF , and Smackdown ! 2 should be no exception , with the updated character roster , new types of matches , etc. . I just ask you to not base your purchases on the premature reviews you see before you . Wait until the game comes out , then see the reviews after that . Who knows , it may save you some money . and yes , once it is released , I myself will write a REAL review on it , -LRB- contrary to this consumer warning , -RRB- but not before . I would n't want to misinform anyone .
 this game is awesomeyeah i know alot of ppl like to complainabout the battling meter and loading timeslet me break down why this is better thanthe previous gameseason modesSd 1 short and lacking ppv 's - shows go without cutscense-stupid cutscenes like `` i wonder what ? and ? are talking aboutCreate a superstarSd 1 limited parts - cant add detail - only use parts supplied - limited very limited movesExhibition - lacks matches like tlc and hell in a cell - no tables - few backstage areas - no submatch types under 3 or 4 way - no tag team moves - no two referee match - just overall boring
 Compared to WWF No Mercy , or even WCW NWO Revenge , THQ have gone a big step down for these playstation versions.First off , the controls are stupid , on the N64 they are easy , and you know what you are doing , on the playstation they are confusing and plays more like an arcade beat 'em up then a wrestling match . And I really hate the way you do specials in this game.The Create A Wrestler was the first thing I tried out , it 's ok , but too confusing , the lists are too long and numbered instead of telling you what it is . I could n't even find a DX shirt to put on . The music is pointless as it only shows about 5 seconds of the titantron before it cuts to the next bit , I could n't even find half of my fave . moves , yet there in the game somewhere and you ca n't even pick a height , you just have tall or short instead of the actual stat.But what really bugged me about this game is season mode . It 's confusing to even start one , but it is frustrating to have to have to go through every match of the show either watching it or simulating it , i try to skip them all to the match i 'm in , but it takes too long with annoying music and then takes longer to load a pointless scene saying , `` whoever , had entered the building '' ... big deal , why did they do this ? why not just do what has been done with the other 64 games and just go from your matches next to next instead of wasting your time having to simulate every other match , with no way to skip ALL events till your match , or have you spend about 10 minutes simulating through a show that you 're character is not even participating in.this game hit rock bottom and laid the smackdown on nothing but itself . Play the N64 versions cause these games are not down with it and thats the bottom line cause I said so .
 I 'll admit , I havnt played many wrestling games , but I have played tons of video games , and this is the worst . I do n't watch WWF , and now I see why . This game is what you would call a `` button masher '' , there is no skill involved , all it is is mash the button to pull off a move before the computer/other player does . When fighting the computer , its always 50/50 , but normally the computer will get the move off before you do . Again , there is no skill involved in this game . Every move is done with the same button , the O button makes the moves , and the directional button is the selecter for wich move you do . The X button is to punch/kick , triangle makes the guy run , but thats about it.The worst part of this game , is the intros . Before every match , you have to watch the players intros , wich at first is pretty neat , but since each player only has one intro , after you have seen it 50 times , it gets pretty stupid , and there is no way to skip it , it comes on before EVERY match.this game is perfect for anyone under 10 years old .
 The highly anticipated sequel to Smackdown is a big disappointment . The load time is tremendously long , some cut scenes do not even need to be in the game as they are a waste of time . The hell in the cell match is supremely overrated and the matches in the season mode make no sense whatsoever . They have people like the Rock fighting guys like Albert in the main event.A lot of the people do not look like themselve . Jericho looks nothing like himself , and Rikishi 's body looks disfigured . The moves are very basic . There is no jaw dropping effects or moves about this game . Some hidden characters are not worth unlocking ... like the unknowns ... and who really wants to play as Michael Cole or Gerald and Pat to name a few.In season mode , when you skip matches you have to wach faces and a meter so you have to wait on that too instead of just skipping . The change character during season mode has been scrapped in this game as well ... so basically there are over 65 characters in the game and you 're stuck with using one unless you start a season over . As I said the load time is so long and cut scenes so useless that you might want to take a nap before you get to fight . Smackdown 2 , waste of money ... rent it if you want to play , but do n't waste your money .
 This is the worst game I have ever played on the Playstation . It takes way too long to load , the gameplay is slow , and the graphics are just terrible ! I can knock my opponent over the head numerous times and he 'll just stand there ! I could hit my special until I could n't no more and throw him off the top of the Hell In a Cell . Then I could hit all my specials again and pin him and guess what ? I WOULD N'T EVEN BE ABLE TO GET A FREAKIN ' ONE COUNT ! Then you have to dive halfway across the wrestling ring just to get the darn championship belt in a ladder match . You ca n't 3-D anybody through a table either . THAT STINKS ! The only ways you can drive them through a table is
 Let me get to it
 This game is the worst game ever . I ca n't believe THQ made this dumb game . They are good game producers but they fell apart in creating this game . As soon as I played one match of this game I took it out of the system and went outside and burned it up.That is what I think about this horrible game .
 this is a really a good game better then SD1 i read some reviews of people saying that this is a bad game they are right !! the pictures that come in the loading are good except fordebra the Kat lita etc. these pictures really spoil the childso i recommend that this is game of those who are 14 and above.this goes for the parents who are not taking that much care.Parental guidence is extremely needed.thq ought to make a game that is suitable for younger viewersDISAPPOINTED .
 Despite the low rating , I should mention that there are many improvements in Smackdown 2 over previous WWF video games . The number of wrestlers available to choose from is the highest I 've seen yet and they are incredibly up-to-date -LRB- even up to the Godfather now being the Goodfather -RRB- . From a play standpoint , they now offer a wide variety of different matches , everything from a ladder match to a Hell in the Cell match to a casket match , just to name a few , which makes for less monotony . Learning the moves is incredibly easy , unlike some previous WWF games -LRB- like Attitude -RRB- , which required the memorization of complex button combinations . Also , I love the Create-A-Wrestler mode . You are able to customize just about every last detail of your wrestler , all the way down to picking each and every one of his moves , so you can really customize your wrestler to your own individual tastes.However , and the reason for the low rating , I can not for the life of me figure out what part of the Season mode is supposed to be fun . Let me begin to list the problems with this mode . For one , I chose my own created wrestler to control during the season mode . HUGE mistake . I am now in June -LRB- so I 've been through over two full months of matches -RRB- and my created wrestler still has yet to be in ONE match -LRB- his only involvement thus far has been in two , quick , one-minute backstage angles -RRB- . So , instead you have to go through this terribly long , dull process of choosing `` Skip '' on all the matches -LRB- which do n't skip immediately , you still have to stare at portraits of the combatants and wait for their life meters to go down -RRB- , then go through the infamous `` Now Loading '' period , not to mention you still have to sit through various angles , interviews , etc. , which 98 % of the time your wrestler is NOT involved with . In other words , literally hours and hours can go by in the Season Mode without you doing anything except for pressing `` Skip '' , and waiting . I suppose some of this waiting time could be alleviated if you choose an existing WWF superstar to go through the season mode with , since the chances of your wrestler turning up in a match would increase . But there would still be far more waiting time than is acceptable , plus , why should you have to choose ? I am not a programmer , so maybe I 'm speaking out of turn , but I ca n't help but believe that the season mode could be improved byA -RRB- Have the season mode be more like the Career Mode in Nintendo , where it focuses only on your own wrestler so you are involved in every match -LRB- This is the best option in my opinion -RRB- B -RRB- Allow you to skip the matches you do n't want to see QUICKLY , unlike the current version where choosing `` Skip '' is still a several minute process -LRB- this was done in the original Smackdown game , so I know it is possible -RRB- C -RRB- Allow you to skip entire events -LRB- matches , angles , and interviews -RRB- if your wrestler is not on the cardI simply ca n't believe that the developers of this game actually thought for even a second that it would be enjoyable for a player in the season mode to WATCH matches , angles , interviews , etc that have nothing to do with the wrestler he or she controlling . I mean , if I wanted to watch wrestling , I can do that every Monday and Thursday night on TV . If I want to play a wrestling game , I 'd like to be able to do that too , but unfortunately , the way this game 's season mode is set up does n't make it very easy.Having said all this , if you do n't care about the season mode , you may enjoy this game well enough by just wrestling exhibition matches . However , to unlock various characters , matches , etc , you do have to be in the season mode which translates to an unacceptable proportion of playing time vs. waiting time .
 Thank goodness that I rented this game . This game is much better than the first Smackdown game . The create a superstar feature in SD1 was a joke . The create a superstar in SD2 is bigger and more extensive . There are still major problems . 1 -RRB- The color option graphs are difficult to use . You only see the colors change as you scroll through the graphs . Then you 'll have to right down the number value for each color you chose for future use . 2 -RRB- Once you 've chozen and saved certain features , you can NOT change them . I made three characters . Each one took about 45 minutes to make , including moves . After a few hours of gameplay , I wanted to change the characters names and/or entrances . This can NOT be done . The only way is to completely re-make the wrestler all over again . If you did n't wright your information down , it will be another 45 minutes out of your life . As far as the wrestling matches , Smackdown 2 offers many fun options . Table , Casket , Ladder , Hell in the Cell . However , the big draw of SD1 and SD2 is supposed to be the career modes . The career mode in SD2 is actually WORSE than the first . I ca n't understand why a player has to sit through wrestling dates that do n't feature the player on the card . You can skip the matches , but this takes time . You WILL have to watch the all too brief cut scenes . After 5 dates of inactivity , I used a cheat process to make myself number 1 contender for the Light Heavyweight title . I finally got to play . I , nor my other creations , were ever asked a question by a WWF superstar . They were n't part of the story lines . In the FIVE days that I rented the game , I only saw 1 of my guys in ONE cut scene . This is ridiculous . A personal grief I have over SD2 is the inability of female wrestlers -LRB- other than Chyna -RRB- to go for WWF titles other than the Woman 's Championship . I do n't know if this was a decision by THQ or the WWF or both . I feel ladies should be able to at least compete for the Tag and LH belts . There is only one major flaw with gameplay . In matches where there is more than one opponent , the player has to manually change the focus of which wrestler he wants to attack . This can get very confusing . A player can wind up punching in the wrong direction or attack his own Tag partner . That 's my review . I enjoyed my rental time , but I would n't pay money to own this game . If you do n't already have it , and you do n't mind the old talent line up , I recommend buying `` WWF Attitude . '' If you have an N64 , I recommend `` WWF Wrestmania 2000 '' over `` WWF No Mercy . '' Read those reviews to learn why .
 All right , Lets be honest here , SD2 is n't that great . I mean , the glitchy graphics are horrible . I do n't like the fact that I ca n't do moves onto weapons . Then I 'm on the top of the Cell closelining Kane and he is suddenly behind me preforming a Death Drop DDT to me through the cage . It 's just not that realistic . And of course then there 's the wonderful time I have staring at a picture of Tazz while the graphics load . When it comes out on the Playstation2 it will be a lot better , for that loading time will hopefully just about vanish . But its not all bad . I like running over Undertaker in the Commissionermobile .
 While the lastest and greatest wrestling game for playstation is much improved , it may be just a little too advanced for playstation , as it seems all you do is look at pictures of your favorite wrestlers while the graphics are constantly loading . Once you actually get into the matches though , the game play is pretty fun , with all the special moves of each wrestler . There is a need for commentary from the real announcers to give this game a more realistic feel . Overall a game that I ca n't wait to see on Playstation2 , because all the loading time wo n't be there anymore .
 This is only an opinion , and do n't get all cranky over it . I bought this game for forty bucks after months and months of playing both WCW Mayhem and BackStage Assault for playstation , within a few days of constant playing and frustration this game was being returned to the store i bought it . while this game has great features , good graphics and endless possibilities . The play control and pulling off moves and finishers is horrible and limiting . Unless your a hardcore WWF fan i would n't suggest buying this if your interested in a wrestling game .
 i dont know why people are saying this is a grreat game and so on . the graphics are not so good and the music is dirt . the CAw Create A Superstar mode is interesting but whats the point again all you have to do is wait ! the cutscenes are absolute nonsense and i really mean absolute nonsense . there is no need at all for it . i just bought it for 180 dhs which is like 40 to 45 dollar . i think i wasted my money . it was the end of term and i told my dad i wanted to buy SD2 . but it all turned out a waste . i have now returned it and bought SD1 which is , i think the best even it is not oh so up to date . hell in a cell and cage match is almost same except in cage match you have to climb up and in hell in a cell you have to bounce off the ropes and win ! i really couldnt wait to see the season mode when i first bought it ! and i had to wait for 13 mins for the thing to download , and then when the first one was uninteresting i skipped it , and that took another 10 mins , it was really boring , if THQ wants to make another smackdown then what they have to do are
 I bought these in hope that they would be the great thing that they are advertised to be . They were n't ! First of all , when using them on an Xbox game , it GREATLY slows down the game , to the point that it is unplayable . When I tried to use these in my laptop , they were a no go ! It would n't even read the disk and it sounded like my laptop was an airplane taking off due to my cd drive frantically trying to read the disk to no avail . On a desktop computer , it will read some data disks with the d-skin on it , but it 's slow . You wo n't be watching an mpg or vcd movie with the d-skin on for instance . I do n't know how well they work on a cd player with musical cd 's , but anything else is definately out . Since I am an mp3 man , I have no need to play music cd 's , so I have n't tried them . I wish these worked as promised , I REALLY do , it would be a dream . Perhaps someday this idea will be perfected and then I can give FIVE stars instead of ONE !
 These skins fit a bit loose , so when the disc spins , the surface of the skin itself ends up scratching the disc !
 This works for all dvd players except for the portable dvd player , which is the one we most wanted it to work on ... due to that being the one my kid uses in the car and the dvds get scratched at that time .
 Well , I bought this game on sale at a GameStop and it came out to be a bit of a dissapointment . It just does n't hold much water as a racing title . The handling is very loosey-goosey , which is fine in a way because it 's an arcade racer , but this goes too far . Mario Kart DS is a much better choice and there really is n't a good racer besides that out for the system right now . Like Guilty Gear in fighting for the DS -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- , Mario Kart is a much better choice though of course the whole feel and montage of the two games are a bit different . But Ridge Racer DS feels a bit watered-down and not quite worth the money , especially if someone payed full price for the title . Undoubtedly fun and tempting to buy because of the Ridge Racer brand , but other than that this is probably one to avoid in favor of Mario Kart or just another title or investment altogether .
 I had high hopes for this game , and had fun for the first 6 races . Then it let me down , all the control options suck , and you ca n't see ahead on the track to anticipate turns at all . I 'm selling this and going back to Ridge Racer R4 for the original playstation , this game NEEDS a good analog stick to play properly.This review may only legally be shown directly on Amazon.com
 Racing fans , get a PSP . Sure , you wo n't get all the good games like Brain Age , but man , racing games on the system are just horrible compared to PSP . With no analog stick , good graphics , or enough memory , the DS just does not do racing games well . PSP proves that racing games finally can be playabl on a handheld . WIth the exception of Racing Gears Advance , no racing game in the gameboy lineup in general did n't give much racing fans to shout about.HEre 's a great example on why racing games quickyl stopped for DS -LRB- mostly -RRB- . Diddy Kong Racing was a good racing game , and that might be good for DS , but seriously , unlike certain games , racing games lot 's of the time cant ' exactly stand the test of time as well as classics like The Legend Of Zelda . Some games are still legends in their own right , but games like Grand Turismo , do n't think so . Really , who 's playing the first one . As systems get better , so does the racing game genre . The point is , why play this when you can get so many higher quiality racing games on the PSP . Alas , it dose n't make sense eithesr why people would do . Like I said before , some racing games never get old , but some just are forgottten as the newer , better , and more appealing versions of the once awesome racer appears , eclipsing that older version . This game suffers from that , but also , the DS itself truely hinders the game.First off , the graphcis are ugly . Generic forests , deserts , and cities are all your gon na see in this racer . The cars are n't good either , they are extremely blocky and ugly as well . PSP version gives better graphics . Also , do n't try to sick the cliched `` It 's the gameplay that matters '' up my nose , becasuse it 's cliched . But also , because with racing games , graphics really help the game have excitment . Let 's put it this way
 I bought a copy of the radio controlled car game because it looked like it might be fun for my son , age 11 . In this game , you control radio controlled cars around different interactive environments and it has some real life things happening , like dogs chasing you , real cars running you over and people kicking the cars out of the way . It sounded like fun.First , I was unable to even install this game on my PC . I kept getting an error 1311 and it would shut down the installer . Whiptail has no tech support phone number -LRB- they are in Russia -RRB- , so you must use email to address problems . This is very slow and sometimes I doubted if they were even reading my email properly . Some of the responses were just innane.Anyway , their tech support was always wrong and was never able to solve the problem.Finally I gave up on tech support and I started searching the net on my own for solutions . Eventually , I found that I had to copy the entire CD to my hard drive and then install it from there . Then delete the files on the HD . OK , so I got it installed . Now when I start the game ... the sound is intermittant!Sometimes there is music , sometimes there is sound FX , but usually , it is just silent . That sure makes for a fun game , does n't it ? Absolute silence . Maybe a even beep once in a while would be nice . Instead you get a second of sound followed by minutes of silence.Aside from these glaring problems with the game , this game is sort of fun to drive around in . There are plenty of ways to go and plenty of things to hit . If you hit a person , they will kick your car , or throw it about 25 feet away . Dogs attack you , and crabs attack you on the beach . The tracks are challenging and the graphics are pretty good too.If only I had some sounds ...
 Purchased this for use on a 5-year old desktop running Windows XP . I thought that the card adapter would maybe work better and be more secure than a usb dongle wifi adapter .2 hours with Netgear tech support -LRB- who were great -RRB- failed to get the card working . Seems to be some kind of software conflict with XP SP3.Bought a D-link USB adapter and was up and running in minutes.I just would n't bother with this older product/software that seems not to have been upgraded . -LRB- Also , see seller feedback section for return hassles and lack of communication . -RRB-
 ok , the game was really good , but at first , it is very boring . untill disk two , the story is very repetitave , adn also , you fight a bad guy every 5 seconds or so , which is really bad and annoying . if that doesnt bother you , then buy this , becasue the ending of the story is great and the graphics and sounds are awesome , but i couldnt stand these two major flaws
 The game set up is great , but the game play has too many imperfections such as .1 . After a caution period , on the restart -LRB- if it 's in the pit window -RRB- every car pits as the `` spotter '' yells `` green ! '' . Problem is , if you elect to stay out and speed past the pitting cars , the car will turn right into the wall -LRB- wreck . yer done -RRB- . The game shows who you should stay behind . Unfortunately , if you try to pass the car during one of these restart/pit stop flaws , the game makes you pay . Frustrating .2 . No driver control when a caution comes out . The computer takes over .3 . No driver control during a pitstop . As soon as you enter the pits the game takes over . You regain control as soon as you get to the backstretch.All openwheel sims should take a page or two from F12002 .
 this game is BAD because it broke when i played . I dont recommend this to anyone.D ----------------------------------
 Game developers are constantly trying to make games more and more `` realistic . '' Now we have action games that are more like watching movies - cheesy B-movies - but they 're just not fun , and they slow the pace of the games to a crawl.This insatiable quest for realism is even bleeding over into simple games like `` Wheel of Fortune , '' where your game is interrupted every other second by computer contestants spouting stupid platitudes , or by Vanna White appearing to grin at you and show off her necklace , which looks like a belt buckle on a chain.And what the heck is Vanna White doing * hosting * the show ? Where is Pat Sajak ? Vanna sounds like she 's reading from a book titled , `` Things Pat Sajak Might Say , '' and her inflection gives us a clue as to why her acting career did n't take off.The game play is tried and true , but it does seem like you spin more bankrupts and lose-a-turns than the computer players do . I was also infuriated by the way the computer players constantly buy vowels as soon as they have the money -- just like the real show!Thankfully you can play with one or two players and no computer contestants ... a * very * smart move from Atari.The graphics are fine , nothing too flashy . I like how the camera is constantly zooming in and pulling back on the wheel or the board . The sound is adequate and , as previously noted , annoying.Some of the other options included are useless . I tried to take the `` contestant exam , '' and after a 30-second load time , I was presented with a puzzle . I solved it and was told I had gotten 1 of 16 correct ; then I had to wait through another 30-second load time before puzzle No. 2 came up . Intolerable!I also noticed no differences between the `` quick play '' and the `` normal game , '' except the fact that my name was `` Player 1 '' instead of `` Dennis . `` Overall , if you 're a `` Wheel '' fan , you 'll like this version . Believe it or not , I had a version of this game in the 1980s on a floppy disc that played better than this one -- but as I 've said before , simpler most of the time is better .
 Vanna talks way too much , most of it useless commentary , even AI player voices are rediculous . Loads very slow between rounds . Many of the small failures of this game will make you not want to play it . They took a relativly simple game and made it slow-paced and annoying . I do n't see how so many people gave this game a high rating . Clearly they do n't know anything about video games ! Just like the people who creating this one ...
 Fun Game , But never worked right . It would just black out in the middle of the game
 I thought the PS2 version would have an enhancd version of the Playstation 1 editiion . WRONG !!! There is no enhancement and it is harder to operate the game . The Playstation one versions are more fun and easier to play . DO NOT BUY THIS - the graphics are harder to see ! A message to game designers-WHY TAKE A GAME FROM PS1 TO PS2 if you do n`t design it BIGGER AND BETTER ? Stick with the Playstation one versions , they are fun and easier to play !
 Usually when I play video games , I play alone using one-player modes . The one-player mode on this game was extremely annoying.The computer players are always yelling out goofy phrases while spinning the wheel ; they also seem to get less `` bankrupts '' and `` lose a turns '' while getting more `` special prizes '' than you ; I played some rounds where I did n't even get to spin the darn wheel . If you want to have any fun with this game play it with NO computer players . Maybe invite some friends and/or family over to play it with you because like I said earlier it just is n't much fun playin ' solo . I give it 2 stars at best .
 YO , YO who in their right mind would like soccer only the bloody english and the irish . Have any of you ever heard of George Best , the acholic footballer from Northern Ireland well he 's not in this game.The controls in this game aRE AWFUL I MEAN ALL YOU do is run abouT with a ball at your feet for 90 minutes . Us americans like exciting games like basketball baseball , now those are a real mans game.Don ' t get me wrong i dont mind football but to be honest it 's really boring , the graphics in the game are blocky and shows that the ps2 is nowhere near as good as the Game Boy Advance now there 's a console , do n't forget to write to me my address is on the Vice City review , bye all you crazy Yankies
 I hate the scripted gameplay from fifa . good thing i did n't buy this game and bought winning eleven 6 instead , which turned out to be awesome . No scripted gameplay !! Maybe that 's why there 's a price cut on fifa2003
 Forgive me of being rude , but all in all , this games should have a cheaper price . Fifa 2003 had become the best graphics soccer game of the year , however , I do agree with some poeple , the passing gameplay has become bad managed , and there are no more advanced shots on target nor any headerers in the game . In FIFA 2002 , the gameplay was great . However , the majority of teams was not managed well . It appeared that most of the African teams werent included as if they have lost their minds and thought Africa was part of Mars . Also , something I must say about FIFA 2003 , there werent too many stadiums , and where was Saudi Arabia 's Riyadh stadium ? The biggest -LRB- one of the biggest -RRB- stadiums in Asia , perhaps 2nd largest to me ? And also , not so many teams . Where were the leagues -LRB- new leagues such as Argentinian -RRB- that the EA has promised us ? And is football an arcade game that the time stops when the ball is out of the field ? Obviously EA canada thought it was Basketball ! Well no comments people ... Anothwr shock was that the creation centre wasnt found in FIFA 2k3 , the practice mode not there as usual , and the create-a-tournament mode was very very bad . Not too much options such as date of games , nor how much groups you want , nor how many games your team has to play with the opponents ! -LRB- Hence , where 's this people ? -RRB- I 'm trying to pull out something , we arent stupid Electronic Arts , we know how lazy most your workers are . I must say it reminded me of FIFA ' 97 . The only proper game we have is the '98 version . All in all , its a great game with great potentials . And not to forget , has one of the best Continental teams such as Iran , UAE , and lastly Egypt , a team that has good club teams , teams such as Zamalek who i remember have beaten Lazio 2-1 on Friday the 3rd of January 2003 . Take that E.A.SPORTS !!! do not buy this game !!!
 I 've supported the EA FIFA franchise since the early nineties . This game has brought much joy to my existence ; hence the utter disappointment upon playing FIFA 2003 . But first , the GOOD
 This is an abomonation of fifa ! The franchise is destroyed . For all of you fifa freaks out there , stear clear of this game . I 've played every fifa game since the SEGA GENESIS , yes even the Game Gear game -LRB- remember that ? -RRB- With a few exceptions , namely those games made to capitolise on the world cup , the Fifa games have always been an improvement over the past games . This time , they went a step backwards . To put it plainly , the gameplay and controls have been altered significantly enough to ruin the veteran fifa player 's enjoy nil . That is to say , the open passing system we enjoyed , the speed burst , and through passes have all been altered . No more pounding uncontrollablely for a speed burst . Fine . BUT CHANGING THE BUTTON IS UNACCEPTABLE . Free passing is gone , and the passing system has been the `` one-touch one pass '' system of old . I tried to change the controls so that the through pass -LRB- which would function like the normal pass from fifa 2002 -RRB- , which is now Triangle , be the button as the normal pass , but you ca n't because then it changes the `` change player '' button ! I was able to change the sprint back to Triangle , putting the through pass as the L button it was , but that 's just gross becuase it 's -LSB- darn -RSB- near useless without the open passing system . That having been said , if you 've never played a Fifa game , this might be a good one to start playing becuse you have n't had the same controls for 10 or however many years!Why are franchises like Madden so successful ? Because if you played one , you can play them all with little adjustment . That 's because the basic controls are the same ! When EA decided to change this , they just slapped all fifa fans in the face . I hope to god that fifa 2004 has the open passing system back or at least lets me CHANGE the controls to the old fifa ...
 Why buy such a bad game when Pro Evolution from Konami is almost perfect ??
 So bad ... it 's ping-pong soccer ...
 I have played fifa 97 to 2003 . At the beginning of the series is good . But after the winner eleven 5 , i changed my mind . I do not understand why fifa always want to change the control system . Maybe EA SPORTS can feel the pressure from winner eleven . Now winner eleven have already passed the fifa , that is what i feel . People said fifa has better graph , sound , real club name and so on . But the most important thing is winner eleven has better control system , and game system . Fifa tried to copy that.but they can not do as well as winner eleven . So if you really like soccer game , go buy winner eleven 6 internation or wait for winner eleven 7 -LRB- coming august -RRB- . Fifa ... , go rent it , do not buy it . waste money !
 EA still has n't managed to put decent gameplay into its arcade title . this game might look like football in screenshots but it does n't even come close to feel or look like it when you play it . go get a title from konamis Winning Eleven / Pro Evolutions Soccer series -LRB- WE6I or PES2 -RRB- . They are near perfection in terms of gameplay and realistic behavior and nothing comes close to them .
 FIFA 2003 was decent , until Winning Eleven 6 came and blew it out of the water . Great graphics , great sound , but poor gameplay and the dumbest artificial intelligence for teammates I 've seen in a long time . Also , if you have a lead , all you need to do is simply stand there , as the computer wo n't challenge you unless you move.Another poor effort from EA 's soccer department.They have a long way to go to catch up to Konami .
 This game is very unrealistic . Whenever you try to score , there are only a couple of animations that the game shows you . For example , one usual example is the ball flying high . Another is the keeper deflecting the ball . You keep seeing these same animations over and over . If you want a good game , you should get Winning eleven 6 : international
 If a sports title is to be great it must offer some kind of challenge . This is not the case with FIFA 2003 . I 've played this game for three months now and it has become so easy to manipulate offensively that I can score around 10 goals a game on the World Class level . That 's even using an MLS team against stronger international competition.Whatever EA did to the game this time around it spoiled it . This game is slap in the face to soccer fans . So many elements that were right with FIFA 2002 are gone just for the sake of better graphics and animations.Headers are all but gone and impossible to execute . There is n't much variance on the passing game and your only chance to win a game is to brutally outscore your opponent because often times 2 or 3 goal leads wo n't hold up.I really do n't get EA . How come you can develop nearly perfect recreations of American gridiron football which is much more complex in theory and ca n't even come close with the simplistic beautiful game ?
 I love soccer , I play on a recreational basis . I look forward for every new ps 2 game . FIFA 2002 is fantastic . FIFA 2003 has excellent graphics , the new stadiums , players and the on field reactions are really cool.The controls however '' ... '' big time . Soccer is a game of speed and timing . FIFA 2003 controls seem to be still in the dressing room . Reaction time and general control reactions is on sleep mode constantly.FIFA 2002 has more ball and player control features.I strongly recommend that the creation team be or talk to real football players . There should be a collaboration between the graphic creators and the ` control ' creators .
 BEISDES THE GRAPHICS AND SMOOTH MOTION OF THE PLAYERS THE GAME LEAVES A LOT TO BE DESIRED : A -RRB- HEADERS ... 99 % OF THE TIME THE BALL IS HEADED BY YOUROPPONENT.B -RRB- PASSING ALONG THE GROUND IS WEAK AND SENDING A THROUGH PASSIS DIFFICULT 'CAUSE THE PLAYERS DO NOT MAKE VERY GOOD RUNS INTO SPACE , EVEN ON COMMAND.C -RRB- SENDING A LOB PASS IS RIDICULOUS , YOU CAN NOT ADD BACK SPIN TOWEIGH IT DOWN.D -RRB- WHEN GIVING COMMAND TO PASS OR SHOOT IT TAKES TOO LONG FOR THEPLAYER TO REACT TO THE COMMAND GIVEN.E -RRB- YOUR DEFENSE IS CAUGHT SLEEPING WAY TOO MUCH ON AN OPPONENTSBREAKAWAY.F -RRB- YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO DETAIL YOUR ATTACKING AND DEFENSIVESTRATEGIES SUCH AS POSESSION , COUNTER ATTACK OR PRESSURE -LRB- ONTHE DEFENSIVE SIDE -RRB- G -RRB- BALL SPIN ... THERE IS NONE.H -RRB- TOO MANY TEAMS MISSING THAT SHOULD BE THERE SUCH AS HOLLAND .
 In the begining I was having a blast!I loved the game.Then it got boring.The load time was making me impatiant and I coud n't figure out how to do a couple of things.After playing this game for hours everyday this game ended up on the bottom of my stack of games.If you want to play this game I would suggest renting it first and if you are that into it than maybe buying it , but I would n't waste my money .
 This game is from THQ , one of the worst video game makers around . This game has horrible graphics , sound , and especially bad gameplay . Please take my advice and do not buy this game for your kids . It is a waste of a perfectly good $ $ that could be spent on a much better game like Super Mario Sunshine or Mario Party 4 .
 This game is a total waste of money . Comapared to the shows this game sucks . About the only thing that was good in it was that you can change into different modes . There are no hidden objects or places to discover , you have about two moves that include hit and jump , and you get a move that is totaly not needed . If you hold down the L or R button -LRB- I forget which one -RRB- Spongebob rolls around , what the hell is that suposed to do !? The people that created this sucky game probely had so many extra buttons that they just had to put one on that was uneeded.The whole concept of the game is stupid . Why is Sponebob searching for letter tiles ? What does that have anything to do with the flying dutchman ? when you finally get to the Flying dutchman at the end of the game it 's so easy , this whole stupid game is easy . I beat the frekin thing in two days ! Then there is a stupid scene at the end of the game when Mr.Krabs says & amp ; quot ; You know this is coming out of your pay check . & amp ; quot ; What in the hell was that suposed to mean ? Spongebob did n't obstruct anything , he should get a rise for saving Mr.Krab 's ass ! What a horrible game !
 This game SUCKS ! The graphics are okay , but the rest is garbage ! If you think this game is actually fun , you have n't played a REAL racing game . It is such a waste of hard-earned money .
 The cards have been stacked against ` Dirt to Daytona ' ever since EA 's Nascar Thunder 2003 was released in September . With the inclusion of late models , modifieds and stock trucks , it appears on the surface that this game might be an altogether uncomparable experience , but after a few runs , the gameplay just seems wimpy in comparison.On the Winston Cup and Craftsman Truck series , the analog control does not feel very responsive at all and , just like its predecessor Nascar Heat 2002 , the game lacks the sense of speed race fans want in a Nascar game . Winston Cup only features 26 drivers -LRB- compared to over 50 in Thunder -RRB- and the Truck series features less than 20 -LRB- where is new series champ Mike Bliss ? Kevin Harvick ? Ted Musgrave ? -RRB- The car models are extremely clunky-looking and not very well rendered and there are no special paint schemes . PS2 is capable of much more than Monster Games is putting in here.The dirt and modified series are moderately fun , but after playing the World of Outlaws sprint car game , these again hurt in comparison.The major positive aspect of ` Dirt to Daytona ' is the simulation-style customization . You have tons of control over the dynamics of your setups , from grille tape , to individual tire pressures , camber , sway bar , etc. . You can also scale your pitting based on how long the race is , so you have capability of having to pit multiple times in a shorter race . These aspects of the game are well noted.Unfortunately , customization does n't save this from being boring , which is a cardinal sin for a racing game . After a couple of hours , I found myself uninterested . Thunder has the Nascar fanbase in mind much moreso than ` Dirt to Daytona ' - save your -LSB- money -RSB- and buy a ticket to the racetrack closest to you instead of buying this stinker .
 First off , I appluad infro games for making & great career mode . I love the different options & stats . It keeps you in the game . You really want to get that top spot . Your name in the paper is nice too . . The downfall is the gameplay . It severly lacks . The cars have no sense of speed which translates into a boring game . Going 70-80 isnt fast for a race game . How can a group so focuced on realism not add more speed is beyond me . The sounds -LSB- stink -RSB- & the crowds cheering sounds muffled . The worst part besides the lack of speed are the graphics . They look like a PS1 game . That would n't be so bad if the game play was tight . I agree with another reviwer about the analog controls being slow & sluggish . Buy this game used if at all . It 's not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- by a long shot . .
 Waste of time and money . I hought it had the original arcade game . Not only did it not have the original game , but it would not even boot in the xbox360 console .
 First off I must admit that I 'm a sucker for ultra-stylized games , such as the WipeOut Series , Frequency , the Extreme G series , etc. . . P > When I got the game , I was a little hesitant , because of the poor resolution of the cover art ... but heck , it could have just been a rush art job.The game is n't bad , if your expecting something like wipeout , you 'll get it in a stripped down version . The controls are very , very , and I mean very loose , making the transition to HSX from WO : Fusion a tad difficult . Here 's where the `` stripped down '' comes into play . The first thing that you 'll notice is the very bland HUD -LRB- heads up display -RRB- featring plain text for speedometer , and boring , basic damage and boost bars . It feels like a beta version . The next thing that you 'll notice is that the models are very basic , like that they could have been improved if left in development for another 3 months.My biggest complaint however is the music , it is dull and boring in-house techno . While the music is fitting , it does n't add anything to the game like it does in WipeOut and Extreme G.Finally on the stripped down point , there is no weapon combat . In every stylistic racing game that I 've played there has been some form of combat , either as an added feature or almost a primary function . The game feels really lacking without it.On the positive side , the game is FAST ! The best way to describe the speed is that its like EG3 with the boost on all the time , it is ... quick . There also is little to no graphical break up in the speed . I wo n't comment on frames per second , because a standard tv displays 30 FPS no matter what . But I will comment that the animation is n't choppy.Also included in the game is the track editor , where you can make your tracks meant for speed or skill . I must warn that the track editor is not meant for everyone and can be a bit confusing and the inteface for it is very clunky.My final word is that HSX could have went back into development after its arrival in the states . Since the name of G-Surfers was dropped on its trip , why not make it a better game , and if it did become a better game , it could command a higher price tag ... so if it was left in the development for a while , it might have been a a really sweet title , but it ends up with that budget feel . If you 're looking for a great stylistic racer , go with WO : F first , but if you 're looking for a fun budget tile , feel free to pick this one up .
 I love futuristic racing games like Wipeout and F-Zero , so , when I found out about HSX , I HAD to get it . Not only did it promise frenetic racing action as in those venerable series , it included a track editor as well ! However , actually playing the game was a major let-down compared to what I had expected.It seems that every positive review of this game has focused on the track editor . That 's probably because the track editor is the only thing about it that CAN be viewed positively . Easily rivaling that of the PS3 's LittleBigPlanet in its level of control -LRB- if not in its technical sophistication -RRB- , it 's one of the best things that I 've encountered in ANY game , let alone a gimmicky racing game that I picked up for five bucks . Marrying intuitive simplicity with an informative , yet minimalist , interface , it works beautifully from the basic starting level , with the added features unlocked in tournaments adding even more functionality.Sadly , it 's been grafted onto one of the worst racing games that I 've ever played . The most obviously slipshod aspect is the programming - the engine runs like a three-legged chicken in split-screen mode , and is still noticeably coarse and choppy in single-player races . That would be almost forgiveable if the graphics were visibly intense work for the PS2 , but the actual level of detail is closer to that of a late - '90s PC game . Races supposedly take place all over the world , and that international aspect would hypothetically provide ample room for the developers to fill the game with scenic vistas , but there 's precious little scenery to differentiate such disparate locations as Missouri and Scandinavia ; indeed , nearly all areas in the game share the same `` dirt '' and `` grass '' textures , tiled endlessly -LRB- and noticeably -RRB- over bland , rolling hills , with hardly a tree or building to break up the monotony . The developers attempted to spice up the graphics with `` weather '' effects , but they 're painful to look at
 I thought from the descriptionbit was a plug and play . I 'm not too current on the game systems out there . So buying this was a mistake . What I need is return information so I can get a refund . The game is still unopened . Thank u.
 After absolutely LOVING FIFA 2002 , this game came as a great disappointment to me . The graphics are great , and the team selection is wonderful . However , it is MUCH more difficult to play than FIFA 2002 . If you are expecting a game that a 2002 veteran can pick up and be good at , think again.Shooting is difficult , passing is more difficult , and the controls are not the same as FIFA 2002 . After playing 2 games , my hands hurt from having to constantly hit the R button to sprint , versus comfortably hitting the Y button in the 2002 version.Also , there is a lot of choppiness in this game . FIFA 02 had bugs , but this game is just downright slow at times ! EA must have been more interested in the almighty dollar than actually QA'ing the software.All of the above issues are fine if you enjoy playing soccer by yourself . But I can not see one of my friends ever being able to play this game with me without being incredibly frustrated . If you like playing on your own , this game might be well worth it . But from a fun factor perspective , get FIFA 2002 ! One other issue . The lack of scoring in FIFA 03 may be realistic , but it sure makes for a boring video game . In FIFA 02 , I could score 4-10 goals in an average game at the highest difficulty level . This did not seem excessive , but yet was still a lot of fun.I traded this game in immediately and bought NBA 2K3 . I am much happier with that .
 I am very dissappointed with this game . In the past the gamecube fifa franchise from ea seemed to improve with each new version but this one not only lacks improvements but features of previous versions were n't even included.I 've played fifa on nintendo since world cup 98 for n64 so I tried to give this game a shot , but after about 20-40 hours of play I 've given up.First they dropped the ability to curve the ball . You can curve the ball when doing free kicks provided you are close enough to the goal but otherwise can not . Free kicks away from the goal provide no way to pass to a specific player and only let you choose a general direction . Next the great passing features of the last two nintendo fifas are also gone . Lob passes are basically uncontrollable , no give-and-go abilities , and very hard -LRB- maybe impossible -RRB- to do one-timers . It 's also nearly impossible to win a header in the midfield let alone for a shot . The couple of times that I 've scored off a cross at all the computer has done the work for me , I 've just crossed it and the computer actually did the header for me -LRB- this is with the EA assistant turned off -RRB- . Shooting is basically undefined , I have very little to no control as to where my shot goes no matter where I point the control stick . Also the instruction manual mentions individual moves that a player can do to get around the defender by using the c-stick . I 've tried to do one of these moves by following the instructions in the manual about 100 times and have n't done a single move yet . Another drawback is the limited number of camera angles for gameplay as well as slow responses in the games menus.In addition to the gameplay limitiations I 've noticed various bugs too . In fact just before writing this review the computer actually passed the ball back to the goalie to clear it while the goalie was out-of-bounds . Other bugs include a player on my team glitching and running straight off the field until he hit a wall and the goalie getting the ball stuck to his feet so that I could n't pass it and could only let the opposing team steal it or run out of bounds to continue the game . Overall I feel that player and ball control has been seriously limited in this version and that much of the in-game action is out of the control of the player . I also think that this game could have spent much for time in development as there noticeable and oft-occurring bugs . EA should focus on gameplay improvements not cosmetic ones like player detail , extra kits , and extra stadiums . Do n't buy this game if you like the last two fifa versions for nintendo .
 this it the worst game i have ever played the controla suck and the graphics stink and it is not fun at all at all costs avoid this game ... it has a socer mini game that is much better then this horrible game
 This game is basically the original gauntlet , it has nothing to do with the revamped versions for the PSone and N64 , which is kind of what I was hoping for . Your character moves at a pace too slow to allow anything to actually happen . The controls are sloppy , and aiming is impossible . I 'm sure this would have been worth playing at one time , but now it 's garbage , and that 's where I 'll be putting mine .
 Sorry to say , but there is n't much to tell about this game . I would preferably rather go with the one on PS2 or something . The sad thing is that you might as well just get Gauntlet Legends on Playstation . Why ? To me , it 's the same exact thing . But the programmers took some of their time to shove some new stuff in . For example , the levels are different -LRB- This only means the worlds are , not the stroy line ; the boses and characters are practically the same , and yes , Skorn 's in here -RRB- . However , There 's no co-operative , and I still have n't figured out what the gold 's for ! But just not to let your hopes up , it is a decent game . The graphics are okay . But if you 're someone like me that actually wants a good action game , do n't buy it ...
 This game is not NEARLY as good as the other Gauntlet games . The levels are long and boring , the characters are Bad , there is no shop to buy things -LRB- therefore the collecting of gold is pointless -RRB- , and the items activate the second you pick them up . I liked the other Gauntlet games much better than this one -LRB- especially the one for gamecube -RRB- , but thats just my opinnion and if you want to waste your money and try to prove me wrong , then go ahead , but do n't say I did n't warn you .
 While I expected a flashback to the coin-op days , I got only a poor imitation . The audio is horrible , and the game play -LRB- though the controls are easy -RRB- is just plain SLOW . Compared to other games ' features , this game is seriously lacking -- no mapping , difficult navigation -LRB- given the psuedo-3D of the worlds you traverse -RRB- , and finally , after spending time looking for and collecting gold , there is NO REASON TO DO SO ! Gold means nothing ! AAAGGGHHH.I was also looking forward to the audio telling me things like `` Red Warrior needs food badly , '' but in reality , this game is `` about to die . ''
 Whiteout is not good at all . Konami really had a lot of pontential here , it could have been great ... The trick system is based off of SSX , using the shoulder buttons to pull tricks . It is not very responsive , and the tricks are incredibly tame . The racing is average at best , but it wo n't really hold your interest . Objectives in each course feel forced , and usually do n't blend in ...
 Freaky Flyers is an airplane racing game with a cartoon like feel , that sounded good to me so I bought it , however the game moves at an extremely slow speed , it almost feels like your airplane is staying still and the enviroment is moving . Also you must beat levels to unlock characters and new tracks ; Lame .
 Did n't hold my kids attention . ingrediably boring , very short , monotionus . If your looking for educational stuff , get anything with LEAP wrote on it , esp . the DVD 's .
 This game is for kids it is not fun do not buy it
 My brother had his birthday recently . He wanted a game boy advance game . As soon as he mentioned tom & jerry , I told him not to make such a stupid mistake . Would n't you know it ... he did . This game sucks !!! Here are my ratings for it.Graphics - 4/5Gameplay - 1/5Plot - 3/5Overall - 3/5Please !! Heed my warning , do n't make this mistake .
 There is not much to say . IT is just a boring game that my kids tried for a little while and never played again .
 first of all , the camra sux , second u ca n't even kill the bad guys , u have to hit them to them to the ground and arrest them . this is really hard when a bunch of guys are u. they should sell this game for 1 buck , even then people would n't buy it . i bought this game thinking it would be like rise of sin zu ... i was wrong . unlike batman rise of sin zu , it dosent have 2 player cooperative ... do n't buy it
 Yes , I played Fantastic Four on Playstation and Superman 64 on Nintendo 64 and they are milestones compared to this ... The controls respond when they feel like it . Usually that is after you have -LSB- lost -RSB- . The camera can not be moved , so it makes it very hard to see the people who are beating you up from off screen . The graphics are so bad they are funny . ... The only redeeming quality to the game is the awesome story and cutscenes . The story is the only reason to force yourself through such an atroscity . ...
 this batman game is good , but some bad into it.everytime i try to beat black mask , i lose . its ok when its ' fixed , but you ca n't fix the camera angles.I gave this game 2 stars because camera angles and ok graphics .
 Batman
 well , after the huge dissapointment of Batman Vengance , i have hopes for this . this game is not based on the cartoon , and more dark . you can have REAL fighting , and detective work . And i gave it 1Star only because it is n't out yet , but i want it to be good .
 The designers at Activision proved that you can make an excellent video game based on a comic book superhero -LRB- or in the case of Spider-Man
 In a review of one word ... HORRIBLE.The gameplay is slow to repond and not very well configured.The camera views are sub standard and very jumpy.Most of the time Batman is a little , tiny figure that is hard to control.There is no way to control the camera views.Your utility belt , while well stocked , is too cumbersome to use properly and while you are trying to get to something , you are getting the poop beaten out of you.If Amazon allowed 0 stars , this would get it!Honestly I can not say enough bad things about this game , and only wish that it was available to rent first!Do yourself a favor and pick-up Buffy or Indiana Jones instead - they are much better games !
 The camera angles in this game absolutely stink . They remain fixed and do not follow you around as you move through the game . This method of gameplay worked pretty well in the hit series Resident Evil , but plays out very poorly in this game . It 's difficult to maintain fighting sequences with bad guys and to see exactly what you 're doing . The fighting sequences are very frustrating and the punch and kick combos look terrible -LRB- Batman kicks low , to the shins ! now that 's low for the dark knight -RRB- . The tools also stink . The batarangs and smoke bombs are awkward to use , and pretty much unusuable during combat.I do have to give this game some props for the music track and style - both of which are very good . But the gameplay is awkward . This game is difficult , and not in a good way . Huge batman fans , prepare to be disappointed .
 A game has to be really bad for me to get motivated to write a review . I ca n't think of anything really positive to say about this game other than the cutscenes are nice to look at . The gameplay is terrible , the graphics are sloppy and the stiff control configuration will make you want to throw your controller out the window . What a shame because they had a great team of writers to create an interesting storyline . It 's too bad the technical side could not rise to the task .
 Is it possible to produce a good game based Batman ? I ca n't remember ever playing a good one , going all the way back to the old `` Batman Returns '' on the Sega Genesis . And this game is even worse than that . It features the worst camera angles I 've ever seen on a game -LRB- while moving , the camera suddenly shifts , and you find yourself going in some other unintended direction -RRB- . The graphics are sub-par . The only good thing about this game is the cutscenes - they 're first class . But apparently , the budget for the game was spent on this feature alone , because the gameplay and graphics are awful.This should give you an idea of how bad it is . I bought it yesterday , and attempted to trade it in today . The guy at EB was so ashamed of how bad the game was , he refunded me the full price .
 I just got this game today and I am taking it back after 15 minutes of playing . the camera angles stink , the graphics are n't too bad but I just think the game is dumb in general
 I still find it odd that game developers would spend so much time designing a wall . Never the less , this is one incredible wall to behold . If you look at it from all directions , you will discover the intricate design , the meticulous attention to detail , the stunning , visually pleasing effects that went into it . Let me tell you , it is the prettiest wall I have ever seen , which is good , considering the significant amount of time you will spend staring at it while playing this game . However , the wall is n't the only pretty part of this unique Batman adventure.Batman 's fist is as stunning as ever . Stunning is definitely the right word , considering the stun affect that happens to Batman 's villains after he punches them . Press the punch button while standing near a thug and you can watch them go into a comatose state while standing up . After about 10 seconds , they finally fall down . Oh , yes , and we ca n't forget about the bat grapple . This is one of Batman 's coolest gadgets and it is quite useful in this game . All you have to do is equip the grapple , press a button and Batman will swing over the ledge and fall ... down , down , down into only God knows where.The sound effects are unforgettable as well . I can still hear the pppmmmffff of the punch , the clunk of the cape , and the farting noise that Batman makes when he leaps off the ledge and falls down , down -LRB- oh wait a minute . We already did that one did n't we ? -RRB- . They should have added a voice that says , `` Gotcha '' when you turn on the game , because anyone that purchased this game is in for one bad April fool 's joke .
 I do n't even know what to say ... Let me just sum it up this way - I REALLY , REALLY wanted to like this game -LRB- I 'm a HUGE Batman fan -RRB- - Unfortunately , sub-standard graphics , HORRIBLE controls and UNFORGIVEABLE camera angles earned this game a spot on my shelf right next to Superman for the Xbox . If you really want to buy the game , wait a while for the price to drop as this game plainly stinks .
 I made the unfortunate mistake of purchasing this game . I attempted to play the game for about a half hour , but gave up out of frustration . Aside from a ridiculously short sequence where you beat up a couple of street thugs , I only got as far as trying to jump across a couple roof tops on the first board . The controls were awkward and unresponsive , which was only complicated by the fact that the camera was constantly switching to different bad angles for what seemed like no reason . Batman 's movement was stilted , and it was hard to execute the simplest jump or punch . I spent most of that half hour falling from the roof , because swinging on the batrope , or whatever it 's called was impossible . You just hang there , and have to do some stupid jump to move forward from it . Although I did not spend a lot of time with the game I am convinced this is the worst super hero themed video game I have played since Superman on the N64 . Do yourself a favor , and learn from my misfortune . Avoid this game AT ALL COSTS !
 horrible gameplay , controls , and story i hope you did n't waste the money i did to get this game even if its under $ 20 dont get it .
 This is easily the worst game I 've played in several years . There are major camera and control issues that sap any possible fun out of it . I spent a half hour just trying to jump from roof top to roof top , only to fall to my death , because of how awkward Batman 's movements were . I hated it so bad that I returned it within 24 hours of purchasing it . Batman Dark Tomorrow ranks up there with the Movie `` Batman and Robin '' in terms of disgrace it brings to the Batman franchise , and should be avoided at all costs !
 The only thing good about it were the cut-scenes -LRB- which they used to sell the game -RRB- . The game-play sucked . Try swinging from the roofs in the first level . Hell , the first fight after the great cut-scene before it tells you what you 're in for , CRAP ! Do n't waste your time or money . Go for Vengeance or Rise Of Sin Tzu .
 Let me start of with the good qualities of this game ... Oh wait there are none . This has got to be one of the worst batman games ever . Aside from that the camera angles are rediculous . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this game .
 As a big fan of comic book gaming , I looked forward to playing a Batman game . Boy was I disappointed . First off , this game actually looks great , the graphics are some of the nicest I 've seen on the small screen . That being said , the game play is impossible . Many times your objective is not obtainable due the camara angles , which are the worst of any game I 've ever played . If your looking for a good comic book games for the Xbox , see X-Men Legends or Spiderman . Return this game as fast as possible !!!
 Definately not worth buying , if you consider read the reviews on here first . Any reviews with one or two stars on this is correct . Unfortunately all the negative reviews on here are correct .
 I should have read the on-line reviews before purchasing but the premise sounded good and the price was right . Maybe one day they will make a super hero video game that pleases.There are several minues and very few pluses when it comes to this disapointing game . I walked away from my first several days of playing it feeling that the programers did n't like me.MINUES - The camera angels are awkward . - The graphics are clumsy and inelegant - Moving between Bat-gear devices is ridiculously difficult yet the action -LRB- when it happens -RRB- is fast . - Batman 's moves are limited . Punch and kick and jump and run . For a character that is supposed to be a martial arts expert I was surprised by this lack of fighting options . - The menus are non-intuitive . Trying to figure out what menu option does what is not my idea of fun . - The scene changes are long and it is too easy to get ` sucked ' into the previous scene . - Many of the missions are difficult without being actually challenging . Mission two has Batman swinging from building to building . No real skill is involved , just trial and error . The character falls off the building very easily because it is very difficult to determine where he is due to camera angles . - The ` story ' is uninteresting and fails to address the noir style of the comics.Pluses - Some of the ` film ' scenes are well done . The Gordon character in particular is fairly compelling . - Inexpensive so even if one does n't enjoy the play it is not such a huge loss .
 The worst game of all . A disgrace to Batman lovers . Very tough to control - should have been like the Spiderman game . WHen are these producers gon na realize we neeed an awesome superhero game for us to like it !!
 This game has no flow . The contols -LSB- are inadequate -RSB- . The point of view changes so awkwardly it 's hard to move from one point to another . Batman is so clumsy and limited in this game , it 's not even fun to fight the bad guys . He ca n't look down at them from above , and his moves are stilted and weak . Changing equipment on the fly is cumbersome , and during a fight it 's almost impossible . The directional radar is not in sync with the direction of the character , which makes navigation confusing . I wanted to like this game ...
 Horrible graphics , horrible sound , horrible controls , horrible camera angles . Nothing could possibly salvage this game . I can say with a clear conscience that it is the worst game I have ever played on Xbox , or any other system . Please avoid this game at all costs . If someone offers it to you for free , run away quickly . I swear to god , it is that bad . All this game did was make me $ 50 poorer and steal 30 minutes of my life that I will never get back . I feel ashamed for playing it that long . There is absolutely no excuse for me taking that long to realize that this game was less fun than watching UPN 's thursday night lineup . I cant say anymore , just dont go near this game ... please .
 This game is terrible . The cut scenes in the beginning of the game get you really excited . However , once you take over your frustaration skyrockets . Graphics are very poor , controlling Batman is very difficult , and there is no fun involved . I would n't even recommend renting this game , it 's not worth the $ -LCB- the -RCB- bucks .
 THE WORST GAME EVER INVENTED ... !!! . dont buy this Ple -LSB- eeee -RSB- a -LSB- aaaa -RSB- se dont waste your money buy splinter cell
 Do n't be fooled by the hype for this game . It is severely overrated and boring . Once you realized how much you spent on ONE game you 'll be kicking yourself like I did . Mech games are fun , especcially mechassault because you can actually see what 's going on in the game . By trying to make the game as realistic as possible you hardly see anything in Steel Battalion . The screen is cluttered with every single readout that you need and do n't need . It decreases your field of view and there is no way around it . The entire premise of the game is see mech , shoot mech , dash sideways to avoide incoming missiles , shoot mech . It got old real fast and there is no way they 're coming out with an online version considering this one will sell poorly . 4 % of Xbox owners MIGHT buy this game because when you think about it you could get four other games for the price of this one . Or at least wait a bit for some of the other hyped games coming out . Microsoft knew that only the truly hard core gamers would buy it which makes no sense . Why not design a game that everyone can enjoy and easily buy ? Do n't blow $ 200 on this game like I did , save your money and buy four other games .
 This game is a great sim do n't get me wrong but if you have a PC Go buy all the mechwarrior tittles they are all rather low priced now and if your looking for a controller go find a Saitek Flight control system . With all of the mechwarrior games you get more variety in the mech you control , weapon loadouts , speed vs. armor . And lots more missions . Plus online fun with a mission editor . All that for the cost of this hunk of junk , and the controllers work for anything from space fighters , to real aircraft . Not just one or in this case two games .
 Seriously this game costs more than the console you should really think long and hard before buying it . The graphics are n't that great and it 's an extremely annoying game to play . Online play is terrible right now . There are games to connect to yet you get dropped or ca n't connect from 99 % of them . It 's a terrible waste of money and the best thing to do is to not buy it and send them a emssage .
 All those jokers trying to cash in asking ridiculous amounts of money ... YOU CAN BUY THIS AT EB GAMES FOR $ 199.00 BRAND NEW ALL DAY EVERY DAY !
 LOOK ... DID MICRO NOT LEARN ANYTHING FROM FROM THE FAILURE OF THOSE RIDICULOUS -LSB- EXPENSIVE -RSB- XBOX BUNDLES TRYING TO MAKE YOU BUY ABOUT FIVE GAMES WITH THE SYSTEM ? COME ON ... I LIKE THE XBOX BUT I AM NOT GOING TO SPEND -LSB- A LOT -RSB- ON A CONTROLLER THAT LOOKS LIKE IT CAN A WHEEL BLOCK FOR A BULL DOZER . ITS ALSO A LOT BIGGER THAN THE XBOX TOO TAKING UP SO MUCH SPACE THAT I ALMOST HAVE TO GET A TABLE TO MAKE IT GET USED CORRECTLY . `` IF THE XBOX IS SO POWERFUL WHY DO N'T THEY MAKE A CONTROLLER THAT IS LESS EXPENSIVE LIKE SAY THE FORCE FEED BACK CONTROLLERS ????? '' I LIKE MECH GAMES BUT MICRO HAS TURNED ME OFF FROM THIS ONE . I 'LL SAVE MY MONEY FOR `` MECH ASSAULT '' .
 This game is terrible !! I have never seena snowcross race with power ups and flaminghoops.Stupid !! The graphics are PS1 level ... Seriously , they 're that bad.If you want to makea snowmobile game this is not the way to goabout it.This game will have serious sled-headsdisgusted . A sled with dual tracks ? C'mon , try againand put some effort into it.I was expecting Rev ` sand Firecats with killer tracks and outdoor environments , instead I got a game that would n't interest a 2 year old?A dismal failure , no stars out tonight .
 This is the worst game on xbox since new legends
 I rented this game and played it for 10 minutes before I ripped it out and put in `` HALO '' . You can only choose between three snowmobiles that bare no resemblance to real snowmobiles . Boring tracks and you cant do any free styling . Dont even rent this game !
 Dont buy . Instead just buy world series baseball 2k3 or halo or mechassault or splinter cell or well almost anything .
 The game is mediocre IF you TURN DOWN the VOLUME . The music haunts you and taunts you and will be stuck in your head all day . Do n't forget to drop your pacifier because your in the navy now . Oh great now that song is in my head again . Saftey Procedure in case you come in contact with Freaky Flyers with the volume up
 I like to play all or most of the way through a game before judging it because you never know how the later levels are going to be . I beat the entire game -LRB- 39 levels -RRB- and can tell you that it needed more variety to make it fun.There is only one really good ship in the game so the decent selection of aircraft to choose from is pretty pointless . You use your ship to do the same few things over and over again . The first time you are in a new area , you have to fly all over in a timed mission . The rest of the missions involve you rescuing people . Sometimes you just find the people and rescue them . Other times , you are ordered to act as a courier and pick things up and then drop them off . That 's it other than a few `` boss '' levels.The `` gimmick '' to this game is that you can take your Seablade and dive into the water with it . That would be kinda neat if they expanded on that idea further . There is n't a whole lot of water on any level ... much less an actual sea . Many levels in the game do n't ever require you to even enter the water at all . That 's lame for a game called `` Seablade '' . This was an Xbox exclusive title but the graphics are extremely mediocre . Your enjoyment of this title depends on how much you enjoy flying around a lot shooting at other aircraft and turrets that are shooting at you . You pick stuff up , you drop stuff off and it all leads up to one of the easiest bosses in video game history . I beat the evil alien my first try without breaking a sweat . `` Seablade '' would 've been fun if the developers built on their original idea more and put some variation in your tasks . As it stands , the game is too repetitive and simplistic to be exciting .
 this is the kind of mindless violent idiocy that people who have never played videogames think all videogames are like.how crappy is this game ? let me count the ways . it is crappy in the way it 's a third person shooter and weapons automatically lock on . it has crappy camera positioning . the animation is jerky , and looks like something for nintendo 64 , not xbox . anderton 's face is a mask of brutality.the premise is cool , the way you can throw someone through a plate glass window is cool -LRB- but the execution is nowhere near as nice as spiderman -RRB- , and the heat-wave effects in the stun weapon is cool . all that adds up to is about 1 hour of basic training and gameplay and then utter disgust .
 Please do n't listen to another reveiwer that said this game `` blow Halo out of the water . '' He is a liar or just someone with sick taste . This game , is soooooo extremely bad . Poor graphics along with poor gameplay = poor game . I tell you Halo is either one of or the best game on XBOX . It is definitely Three Hundred times better . If I had a choice to BUY Halo -LRB- again -RRB- or BE GIVEN Minority Report , I 'd BUY Halo .
 A friend of mine got this game for me for my birthday . She figured it was going to be like SPLINTER CELL because of the screenshots on the back of the box . -LRB- Did I mention she does n't know much about games ? -RRB- Well , this is more like DIE HARD ARCADE for the Sega Saturn than anything else . You enter a level with a certain objective and then pummel anyone and everyone that you come in contact with while trying to avoid `` danger '' like fire or hot steam . Occasionally , you 'll have to jump and climb a bit , but mostly it 's a beat 'em up.The graphics certainly do not push the Xbox to any degree . In fact , this is one of those multisystem ports that do n't really push any system 's capabilities . The control is adequate at best , but there 's not much to really control because you 're basically mashing buttons the whole time.It 's infuriating to play through a long level only to die near the end and find out you have to play through the entire level again because there are no mid-level checkpoints or saving options . This is truly the worst part about the game as a whole . It 's just too frustrating to be worth playing.One other reviewer suggested using cheats to make it fun . I might have to try that to salvage any potential this game might have buried beneath the surface .
 I bought this game after viewing the screenshots and hearing of all the variety , hoping it would be good . I was pretty disapointed after I played the game for a good 10hrs . Graphics
 the game is more of the regular racing style its boring if your looking for true rally racing dont buy this one .
 I ca n't believe how bad this game is . All the previews and demos made it look great . Then I actually bought the game and was completely disappointed.The graphics are ok , though too polygonal and plastic for my liking . The gameplay is beyond simple , just walk around a randomly generated dungeon and kill things . Combat is handled automatically by the computer , or you can do some basic manual control to fight the enemies off , but not much.There is literally no plot . You just hack around the dungeons killing things .
 Overall , a huge disappointment . The AI stinks and the combat system is terrible . Graphics are the only decent part but can not overcome serious flaws in the game ... keep this game at arms length .
 Many people have said it already
 This is almost too bland to call it an RPG . It is highly repetitive . Level after level you combat the enemy , collect some stuff , repeat ad naseam . This is the second worst game for Xbox -LRB- see Pulse Racer for first place on this one -RRB- .
 I live in Japan , and since there 's about 20 games out for the Xbox here , I picked up this one . I have to say that this is the worst game I 've played for the Xbox , and the only one I 've traded in . I never trade in games , but this one is something that belongs on pre-PSX hardware . The dungeons are all flat paneled , straight out of Wolfenstein . The fight scenes are slow and repetitive , and get boring after twenty minutes . Characters are n't very interestingly drawn , which is n't too bad , since there are no central characters anyways . The story is non-existent . Even the CGI is ugly . It entertained me for half an hour , and I spent 2000 yen on it , so it scrapes up one star .
 For starters , im a huge rpg fan , I have Gamecube , Ps2 , and Xbox . And honestly xbox is the most expensive paperweight ive ever purchased . Metal Dungeon Has excellent graphics , But the battle system is basically automatic , and all you do is clear out dungeons full of cyborgs , so basically youre just doing the same thing over and over and over again . I got this game because i was hoping maybe xbox put out a decent game besides Halo . I suggest to anyone not to mke the same mistake i did , and if you 're going to buy any xbox games , read EGM and make sure its not junk : -RRB-
 This game has no plot whatsoever and is the same boring grey throught-out the game . Capcom did n't put enough of efort into th is and could have done better .
 The most boring game ever ... whichever executive decided to release this turkey should be fired . If you 're thinking about buying this thing , play Dark Alliance again instead .
 20 bucks at block busters ... . i busted it reel good after 20 minetes
 this just flat out ... , unless u like to be bored.it has no battle system -- its all automatic.i couldent stand it for 2 hours - - - - i literaly threw all ... to the salvation army -LSB- like they would have an x-box for the poor -RSB-
 I made the misake of buying EA 's March Madness 2003 because I love college hoops and EA 's NCAA Football 2003 is the best college football game on the market.Boy was I wrong . MM 2003 is not even close to being on the same par as a game . The detail to the arena 's is not even close -LRB- they are all pretty much the same except the courts -RRB- , the play by play does n't say the players ' names and more importantly the gameplay is not realistic.This game is all about streetball . Every player just double pump slam dunks and you have to do that to keep up in the game . If you do n't run n ' gun , or isolate and double pump slam you 're done . The computer rarely , if ever , misses a shot and there are 20 or so blocked shots every game . Also , the cut scenes of the players stealing the coach 's seat and tapping their teammate on the shoulder are funny the first 6 - 8 times you see them in every game , after that they are just annoying.After being dissapointed I went and bought Sega 's NCAA College Basketball 2K3 and it is MUCH better ! The game still does n't have the amount of correct detail for all arenas as EA 's NCAA College Football 2003 , but its better than MM 2003 . In NCAA 2K3 the game is much more realistic . The shots -LRB- including slams dunks -RRB- are more realistic and you have to play as a team , run your offense in order to win . There are isolations and fast breaks and slams , but if you do n't run your offense and play as a team you will lose . The shooting percentages are much more real for both teams and it is just more like real college basketball than a video version of street ball.Rent both first then buy the one you like best , but for the money Sega 's NCAA 2K3 is MUCH better and more like real college hoops . I must now try to convince someone to buy my MM 2003 so I can cut my losses while I enjoy Sega 's NCAA 2K3 .
 I rented this game -LRB- luckily I did n't buy it -RRB- hoping it would be a good college basketball game . Man , was I wrong . I really wanted it so I could play with my favorite team , but found that my team was n't even in the game , even though they are a division 1 school . In fact , the game leaves out a number of 1-A conferences . Some of the conferences they leave out have teams that make it to the tournament almost every year ! I do n't get it . The gameplay also is not good . I feel like I have almost no control over the ball handler . The courts are not detailed either . They all look the same -LRB- with the exception of the school logo in the center -RRB- . I stress to you not to buy this game . I am just happy I rented it before buying .
 NCAA March Madness 2003 for the PS2 is really NBA Live 2003 in disguise because this game plays like NBA Live 2003 of this ` so-called ' EA Freestyle Control . I call it the EA Freek-style Control because it can mess your player up.Another con is the Roster Manager . Even when you try your best to put your names over the `` Position and Number '' sentence in the stat overlays in the game , your name will never show up ! Brad Nessler and Dick Vitale will never call you by your last name like Nessler did in the successful NCAA Football 2003 . EA Sports has made another dumb move.My third con is the lack of scouting reports and halftime stats at the intermission . All you get is the bunch of funny intros and cutscenes ala NBA Live 2003 , and where 's the tipoff official at the beginning?My fourth con is the jerseys . One number font ? C'mon , EA Sports ! You can go back to watching the NCAA and double check on the designs ! Also , my gripe is that your last names never seem to appear on the jersey 's back!My only pro and my single one is the Season mode , Dynasty mode , and the NCAA Tourney mode , not to mention the Maui Invitational . But these modes can go out of style quickly , because of my cons I 've mentioned.As far as I 'm concerned , I 'm gon na have to wait till Sega Sports comes with NCAA College Basketball 2K3 . It WILL be better!But before I go , I made up a new slogan for EA Sports : EA Sports
 I love the horror survival genre -LRB- it is the only reason I play video games -RRB- . I will start off on the pro side of the game , it has a creepy look and soundtrack and the concept is really good . The con side is that the game controls like crap ! The character is not fluid at all . It turned me off the game . I played for about 2 hours and gave up . The controls are that frustrating . If you have patience , get this game , it is a really great story/concept . I will probably do the same thing my friend did when he tried to play the game , turn around and sell it ... So I give this 1 star , the controls ruined the whole game .
 I ordered Fatal Frame after reading a bunch of good reviews on it . I ordered it from an Amazon company with high marks for customer satisfaction . What I received was some crappy looking game called `` Rygar '' . What 's even worse is that as lousy as the game I received looks , I ca n't even play it because the game I received is n't even for the system that I own . This will make me think twice about purchasing used games from Amazon in general in the future . I did contact them and never got any response at all .
 First I have to say that the graphics in this game are good as well as the storyline and puzzles . That 's why I gave this game two stars . However , the problems I found in playing the game are as follows .1 -RRB- The game was not thoroughly tested . It 's possible in more than one place to find yourself in a situation that you ca n't get out of . By situation I mean where your health is so low , and the ghost is so relenting that you ca n't escape or continue the game . You have to go back to a previously saved game slot and replay your steps and activities in order to avoid the situation .2 -RRB- Not a true 3D environment . The camera angles throughout the game are fixed which makes the character control counter-intuitive . You may be running in one direction when the camera angle suddenly changes and now you 're , suddenly , pressing the wrong direction on the controller and the character begins running the opposite way . This is very frustrating when you 're trying to get into position to fight a ghost , or just move around . Also , the game is not forgiving when it comes to positioning the character in front of objects or doors . If you 're not lined up precisely , and I mean to the pixel , you wo n't be able to open the door or pick up the object . Very frustrating .3 -RRB- The writers were very cheap with health points . When you consider that one attack from a ghost can reduce your health by as much as 50 % , and you must often endure several attacks before killing the ghost , this does n't leave you with much of a chance and you continually find yourself starting over and over .4 -RRB- ` Game Over ? ' How long has it been since games used that outdated play mode ? Nowadays when you die you 're simply prompted if you wish to ` Restart ? ' . When you die in this game you 're ` forced ' to relaunch the game from the opening title screen and go through all the redundant steps to get back to where you were when you died . If that is n't bad enough you 're constantly asked to confirm your selections increasing the already repetitious steps . How lame is that?It 's really too bad . This game could have been very good if it were n't for the outdated design and play modes.I , obviously , do n't recommend this game . If you still wish to play it I do recommend that you take full advantage of all the ` Game Saves slots ' that are available . You 'll find yourself having to backtrack a lot to get out of inescapable situations .
 This is a terrible game . The way you move , for one thing , is atrocious . its an action/puzzle game on a resident evil gameplay level . terrible controls , and TERRIBLE camera angles . half the time , you have no idea what your shooting at , or what just killed you , and if u can see it , you have to back up , spin in a circle till your fasing what yuo want to shoot , and by the time your ready to shoot , the tiger or watever it is has already killed you ! the only reason this game sold as well as it did is Lora Crofts Double D 's . So if your a perv , this is the game for you . if not , stay away !
 This game is terrible . You have like very few moves to choose from other than body slam , suplex , punch , kick , wipe into the ropes , etc. . It 's basically WrestleMania the NES game all over again with a much broader wrestler field to choose from . Music as has been said earlier sucks , and the graphics are putrid for a Gameboy Advance game . It does n't take long to beat all the territories and get the hidden wrestlers like Terry Funk among others , so do n't waste any more of your time thinking about buying such a terrible game . You 'll be kicking yourself if you shell out cash for this .
 Dont get this game the sound is horrible and the graphics are even worse . the only good thing about this game is that there r alot of superstars .
 The Sims Hot Date is really bad , you can barley do anything , i basiclly fell asleep playing it . You go into town , so what!It still -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!! Any one that would ever play this game needs serious help , because this game is definatley a sleeper !
 I 'm not going to bombard you with a bunch of techinical junk you wo n't understand , but I have an Apple that 's newer than the game , and I ca n't play for five minutes without a crash . The Buy and Build modes usually work fine , as long as you 're not using the new Downtown feature . If you start the Live mode , however , it will `` unexpectedly quit '' before you 've played two minutes . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME ! Sorry , Amazon.com , but Apple users should stick with house party . I would have given this one star , but it 's an excellent concept , and , theoretically , you could play for hours .
 Beware -- despite the fact that my computer apparently met the system requirements for this software , it crashed my computer upon installation and I had to pay a repairman ... to restore my system . I 've since heard that other people have had similar problems with this software -- but when I called Aspyr for technical support -LRB- before calling the repairman in desperation -RRB- they said they 'd never heard of such a thing -- it must be a coincidence -LRB- ! -RRB- .
 WHY is The Sims Hot Date the newest , coolest , most popular new Sims expansion for Apple , when , to PC users , Vacation is old news and Unleashed is dead ahead ? Anyone ? I did n't think so . Apple is THE computer of the future , and it 's not fair that we Mac users have to wait MONTHS for the best games , and when they -LRB- the games -RRB- DO come out , there are always technical problems . Hot Date , Civilization 3 , Sim Theme Park and Black and White are some of the technologically demanding games that will force you to download patches , crash your computer , and make you spend hours on installation .
 I got the order in a timely manner . Two cables in a package . I was expecting 6 foot cables , but they were both only 4 ft. The extra two feet were critical to my setup , so I 'm very disappointed that I did n't get what I was expecting .
 The cable extensions were unreliable , since the connection points -LRB- with the controller -RRB- fit sloppy and connectivity is easily lost . One cable fails more than it works . Poor quality .
 Not only are they hdmi cables and not xbox extension cables for controllers -LRB- as is evidence by the primary picture -RRB- , they were sent without information and in a garbage bag . Also , they do not even function as hdmi extenders . DO NOT BUY !
 Its so sad that this great idea and many work since 3 years ago turned to be a waste , The graphic engine is Good , we are talking about the game engine is ok but need testers so it can be a great game engine . anyway the game itself the gameplay it really sucks my friends its so frustating that the first day i bought i went back to the store where i bought it and turned back i got GTA vice-city thats a really nice game and fun that have also a city as this game but the gameplay simple rocks . anyway going back to Republic game well is so bad design , no testers , rushed to delivered , interface is the more bad i have seen , the 3d view of the game never you will use it because you will be busy with the satellite -LRB- 2D -RRB- view getting so boring and frustating , I almost cry how bad this game is sorry folks i dont have more words to explane the bad feelings about this game !! . What is happening with the game industry , the fun of a game like was before is over , Now game developers are so busy getting the best frames per second than doing a good gameplay with good AI , for me is more important a good Gameplay , AI , Physics than awesome graphics . well if the gameplay rocks and the graphics sucks is also not good but is better than the other , so i want balance good gameplay but also good graphics , i dont want poor gameplay with awesome graphics , I WANT BALANCE game developers please .
 I spent $ 50 on this trash , thinking it a good game . I read previews , but not reviews . The game is a good idea , but they did it terribly . I would not even spend $ 5 on it .
 I bought this game as soon as it was in store . After crashing for about three hours , I finally got it running . What I saw was disappointing.There is no tutorial , but there is six -LRB- count-em , six -RRB- poorly compressed images that pop up at inconvenient times explaining a very , very clumsy interface . I bought the strategy guide with this as well , but even then the learning curve has a tangent line with slope of infinity !! -LRB- Calculus 1 is haunting me , help ! -RRB- This could have all been redeemed with an immersive gameplay that immediately draws you in and leaves you playing until two in the morning without realizing this . Instead , you must settle for less . Way less.It 's supposed to be real time , but it 's most definetly turn based , and giving actions is about ten times harder than it needs to be . Keeping track of where you are in the city -LRB- whatever one of the THREE you 're in -RRB- is hard , the camera controls are clumsy , and the different views can become absolutely worthless.Maybe it could still redeem itself if it was a game where you have completely free reign over how to accomplish your goals . Not so . You pick right from the start which one of the three routes you will take ... either through force , wealth , or influence . The inability to cobble your own rise to power from scratch is incredibly lame and disappointing . If the next part of your plan requires you to `` gain 50 % support in this district '' , you can forget about doing anything until you gain 50 % support in the said district.That is n't to say it 's without pleasentries . The `` argument '' system , the way you battle opposition and your own party members in order to convince them to join you , or bolster their resolve , is pretty neat when you figure it out . The music fits well , the graphics are gorgeous -LRB- if haunted by a poor camera system -RRB- , and watching and listening to someone argue in a Baltic language is just plain funny.Still , I only recommend this to the most hardcore of hardcore strategy fans ... if you liked Master of Orion 3 -LRB- Oh , who am I kidding -RRB- , you will like this .
 First of all after the 2nd hour of the game . You have to be on top of everything to control all the territory and win support . I mean everywhere . If u try and control one area the others lower . Extremely annoying . Secondly They do n't speak english . I do n't even thing its a language . The Sims make more sense then them . The conversations are useless due to this . DO N'T BUY IT !
 Good idea . Good graphics . Very poor manual . Very laborious interface . Very frustrating . No hints / tips of any use . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 Oh my gosh , we are so disappointed in this game . My sons and I love playing the previous Commandos games , but we have nice , large monitors , and never play a game at anything less than 1024x768 -LRB- up to 1600x1200 , where the game allows -RRB- . And we love playing coop mode in several games -LRB- these , Ghost Recon , Civ 3 , etc -RRB- . However , for unfathomable reasons , Eidos has taken three incredible non-user friendly actions with this game : -LRB- 1 -RRB- removed mappable hotkeys -LRB- 2 -RRB- restricted resolution to 800x600 -LRB- nuts -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- removed coop mode -LRB- incomprehensible -RRB- Yes , they added other coop modes , which is great , but WHY remove coop mode ? Other games provide coop AND other mp modes.And 800x600 ? Please . Very few people play at that low resolution anymore . Polls show that the most common game resolutions now played are 1280x960/1024 and 1024x768 . And no mappable hotkeys?I wonder where these games are being developed , and who the software architects are , because these actions are inexcusable in this day of good design patterns.I very much appreciate the reviews here and elsewhere . The two games we most wanted last Christmas , then in the Spring , then later , were Commandos 3 and the new Tomb Raider game . Reviews informed us of the TR debacle before we experienced that disappointment , and fortunately , I 'm able to return this lousy game and get my money back.Don ' t get me wrong . I * want * this game to be good . If Eidos puts some effort into allowing a useful resolution and restores coop mode , I 'll gladly plug my nickel down again . But I let my money speak , and right now it 's saying , `` Nope . ''
 Too bad , the graphics , I see more squares , missions are designed like cheating customers , ie , too simple , too few , they are ruining the good name of commando series , STOP THIS CRIME !!!!!!!!!!
 I bought the game yesterday . During the last 24 hours I 've been trying to get past the tutorial . It is impossible . There is no way to change the difficulty setting . The mission objectives make no sense at all -LRB- If they are commandos , why do they have to kill every single German they encounter -RRB- and the computer will throw hordes of enemies that seem to have just teleported from the Enterprise as more than 400 have already come out of a small wagon and they keep coming every extact 8 seconds.Altough the graphics are nice -LRB- I wish I could zoom more , tough -RRB- I did not pay this amount of money for 1 mission.I strongly advice you to download the demo and see for yourself if this game is for you before you buy it .
 Like most , I agree that Commandos 3 is no where near as good as its predecessor.In terms of game play , the levels are less challenging , requiring far less strategy and nuance -LRB- you can go in gung-ho and kill everyone easily , unlike C2 which punished such impatience -RRB- . I was disappointed at the lack of levels and the speed with which this game could be completed . The controls are no where near as easy to master or as intuitive as C2 was , plus key -LRB- and fun -RRB- characters , tools , weapons and techniques are missing from this edition.In terms of overall presentation , C3 lacks the intros and cut scenes of C2 , which , although not essential to the game , did add some appeal . Most disturbingly however where the sheer number of bugs in the game . I did eventually download the patch which fixed some of the issues -LRB- though not really to my satisfaction -RRB- , but for a game of this calibre and one so anxiously anticipated by gamers across the world , so many bugs is unacceptable . There is nothing more frustrating than having to constantly reload your profile because the game has crashed and deleted your save-games . Grrr.Overall , a very disappointing experience - not worth the money to buy it new and well worth an email to the makers to voice your disappoitment .
 I had always been a big commandos game fan before I played this commandos 3 . This game was not well both designed and planned , far from creativity and good . I was just surprise when I finished this game , which only took a few days and I said to myself , is that it ? these are just only very few things that describe how bad this game is , which I believe there 's still lots more . -LRB- 1 -RRB- there 's no movie/teaser in the beginning , no preface . It takes you directly to the option bars -LRB- single player , multiplayer , options , etc -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- it 's the same as commandos 2 , even worse , each level is very short and easy . I ca n't even consider it as commandos 2 expansion pack . -LRB- 3 -RRB- there 's no new characters ; moreover , they threw away the driver , natasha , and the cool features that were in commandos 2 -LRB- dog , rat , etc -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- the ending is horrible , no movie -LRB- again -RRB- -LRB- 5 -RRB- you can eliminate the enemies without bothering to do the `` art of silence kill '' , because you can just ambush and blow them up easily without any trouble , as well as your money .
 I read all the reviews , and after playing this game I ca n't be more agreed . This game is absolutely not recommended and a big turn down to all commandos fans everywhere .
 I 've had great expectations for this game . I have played the first two parts , and I call myself a big fan of Commandos series . Playing this game makes me feel as if the developers have created the third part before the second one . Graphics are pretty much the same , if not inferior to part two , and the environment is much less interactive . Now you can examine only other soldiers and boxes , whereas you could examine almost every object in part two . Range of weapons is too short now . I entered a room and I could not shoot the enemy standing at the other side , except with a rifle . The range of the hand gun and the machine gun simple could n't reach him , which is totally silly . Help screen of the game says that all of the commandos can use gas grenade , but in fact only the Sapper can . Little things like that have greatly contributed to my disappointment . I miss the Driver too . AI is somewhat improved and the game is more difficult , which is good since the only objection I had to part two is that it was a bit too easy . Other changes have ruined the game for me . Ca n't help feeling that the developer was awfully sluggish and uninventive this time around . I wish they had released an expansion pack with few minor improvements for Commandos 2 Men of Courage in stead of this disaster.If I had n't played the first two parts , this game might have gotten more than two stars , but as it is maybe two stars is too generous.Harshly yours , Aster .
 After thoroughly enjoying Commandos 2 , I looked forward with great anticipation to Commandos 3 only to be greatly disappointed . The characters and graphics are basically the same but the actual play is quite different.There are no varying levels of play so it seems everyone is playing at expert level which can make the game for average gamers very difficult and frustrating . The actual keyboard selections for actions seem more complicated and the loss of time in selecting the proper action often results in the gamer getting killed off and the game having to be re-loaded adding to one 's frustration . The only positive I see in this game is any satisfaction the gamer might get in completing a mission . They all seem too difficult for the average gamer of which I am . The cost of the game is higher than the satisfaction received . I could not recommend it .
 Avoid at all costs . This game is pure trash , it has none of great story , diverse characters and involved thinking that put Commandos 1 & 2 among the best strategy games ever written . C3 has better graphics , equal music and NOTHING else . Controls are bad - the lack of weapon shortcuts make this game almost unplayable . There are no cutscenes between missions and most missions play out in a few locations . Gone are all the nice details from C2 , like furniture items ; you can not hide in cupboards and you can not hide bodies anymore.Pyro would have done a better job had they just made some new maps for C2 and released that instead of this cr * p.
 I love commando 1 and 2 alot . I played commando 2 for more than a year and still love to play it with hardest and still beat the game with no alarm from the enermy . I install the commando 3 then I do n't feel like to play it after the tutorial.The control of the game is so bad that I do n't wa n't to lean and play the game . I wait until the expansion if any , and if they fixed then I will play . Otherwise , I wo n't play it and their rate from me will be less than a star .
 This is the worst game ever !!! It is very very slow and the hands take forever to flip over on the screen . The multi hand games are really bad and do n't pay out as much as the regular games . Why would you want to play multi hand poker and have it pay out less -LRB- Royal Flush is only worth 1000 -RRB- than the single hand ? Do n't waste your money or your time with this game .
 the screens are too jerky . . leaves a bad taste . . a total waste of money
 My wife and I were so excited when this product came out . We LOVED the first one of these , and thought this would be a blast , but it was the exact same as the first and not nearly as much fun .
 My mistake I thought it was like the one I bought for playstation that was so much fun . Its dark no intructions as were to go . It rapidly shows were scooby is suppose to go . Just do n't die as must start all over . It says how to sneak past ghost but sneaking just dont seem to work .
 This game sucks . End of story . I should have wiped my ass with the money I spent on this game rather than purchasing the game . It does not deserve any good credit . Horrible graphics and stupid story to go along with the game . HOWEVER , shipping was great , came on time and did n't have a scratch on the game . Worth it to purchase from the company but not to purchase the actual game . Get another title instead from these guys . I liked the service but the game sucked . Haha anyway it 's your choice , I 'm not going to rant on and on about how this game sucks . Just take my word for it , go buy a real game instead of this one . Just remember the service was great , I had no problems with them , the game just sucks . But I am planning on purchasing from these guys again .
 This is just a port of the PS2 or Xbox game with nothing added to make it worth owning on the Wii . I bought it for my 6 yr old nephew and it 's gathering dust since you do n't use any motion controls for it at all . He 'd rather play Mario Kart which lets him pretend he 's really driving.Not worth it .
 I bought this game for my 7 year old daughter , since she was a big fan of the movie Cars . Suffix to say she has n't really played it much . It seems the game requires the nunchuck in order to play . I did not know this . I had only one nunchuck so no multiplayer was possible . I do n't want to be too critical of the game just yet because at the time I purchased this game I also got a copy of Just Dance 2 . My daughter popped Cars in fooled around with the controls for a while , popped it out put in Just Dance 2 . Immediately she got the hang of that game and played it for hours with her cousins on Xmas day ! I 'll update this review after she spends some more time playing the game.After several months of having this game , it does n't get played at all . My kid just does n't like it . I own a PS3 and have a car racing game which she enjoys playing . Maybe it 's because it has a steering wheel and pedals to boot and she can choose from a wide variety of cars to drive . Drive in the day or night , wet or dry , snow or rain . You get the picture . I dropped it one star because she has no interest in it at all not because of the comparison to the PS3 race game . I was n't expecting it to live up to that .
 bought this game for me and the kids -LRB- 4 and 5 -RRB- . it 's too hard for them to play b/c you have to use two controllers . and it 's pretty boring for me . if you 're looking for a racing game , buy mario cart . 100 times better .
 Games
 I totally object to the appearances of the Pussycat Dolls in this game . It is sooo unnecessary and detracts from the game . We do not need to sexualize our kids this way . The game should be rated Mature . Take away the lame lingerie ladies and the game would be great !!!
 My daughter received this game for Christmas . It has an `` Everyone 10 + '' rating but I was shocked to see the suggestive content in this game . The appearance of the `` Pussycat Dolls '' at the end of the race should have awarded this game the `` Mature '' rating . Ladies dressed in racy bras and suggestive poses do n't need to be included in games that are targeted for kids in the 10 year plus age group . I am returning the game and will be highly skeptical of the ESRB content ratings from this point forward .
 I 'm an arrow-stomper aficionado . I 've danced my way through `` In The Groove '' and all the PS2 DDR games . When I found out about this game , touted as a hip-hop DDR , I was instantly interested . New songs and a new style ? Gimme!The game does have its own flavor , very unlike that of DDR and ITG . The graphics depict urban settings , and you earn respect -LRB- and new songs -RRB- by completing missions in those areas . The type of music is also very unlike established dance games . All good . Plus , it has goodies like hands -LRB- ala ITG -RRB- and special icons which , if you step on them , will give you extra , more complex steps . Nice!However , the game has one fatal flaw
 Most of the DDR-style games have absolutely abysmal soundtracks , so I was really excited to see that there was a game out that actually had some decent music to dance to . I was n't let down on that account
 My kids are 7 and 9 years old and they did not like the game , they say it 's not fun !
 3 days ago I rented this game from Blockbuster.Then the two days I played it , I did not like it at all.The plot is basicly kinda the same plot as Looney tunes acme arsenal.The evil guy from Jimmy Neutron is trying to kill the nicktoons by building toybots.And the nicktoons are trying to stop him.The gears that apear in some of the levels kill you if you touch them.And for health , you wo n't know when you are going to die beacause you have no lifebar in this entire game.So for this game , I have 2 things to tell you.Do not buy this game and do not rent this game.Just use your money to buy or rent something else.Thanks for reading .
 This game is ridiculously hard . No lifebar and everything kills you.Did they not have game testers play the game even once?My son was getting frustrated with it , so I thought I 'd just get him past thehard part . That 's when I realized that it 's one long hard part.Save your money and keep your blood pressure at a normal level .
 Got this for my 6 yr old 's birthday present , he 's played it a couple times in the past month but doesnt seem to be to interesting to him .
 My son turned 7 a week before Christmas . He has a few video games -LRB- not many -RRB- and asked Santa to bring him this one . He finished all 14 levels in half a day . No matter what level you are on , you do the same tasks over and over again -LRB- drive a vehicle , figure out a maze , point & shoot , and press buttons in the right order -RRB- . You can win amulets to unlock arcade games and costume pieces , but they are simple and uninspired . No where in the game did he ever have to `` think outside the box '' in order to complete a task.Very disappointing .
 Do n't waste your money . Just because it says Britannica does not make it good . Extremely disappointed . Very little information , 2 video clips . Give me a break . I was ripped off .
 I love the Encyclopedia Britannica , I have it on my bookshelf and on my computer , the DVD is one of my very favorite pieces of software and is a great buy . But this ` book ' is merely the articles related to the subject pulled from the Encyclopedia Britannica , it is a collection of articles and not really a book at all . Very little if any thing in this ` book ' is unique , nearly everything in it can be found in the Encyclopedia . The Britannica company has pulled a fast one with software books like this one , they cut a small piece from their Encyclopedia and sell it at an inflated price . It does n't make any sense to buy these little marked up software pieces , when the whole can be had for less than the sum of it 's parts .
 I really do n't like the game , the missions are boring , it has no intro , no history , nothing , just an spider jumping around and walking everywhere and nobody cares , I should buy Grand Turismo instead .
 I do n't know why alot of the reviews for this game are good when the truth is that this game SUCKS . I also do n't get why the high prices for this game when it is widely known as the most boring spidey game ver . The swinging sucks the camera is too far away plus not to mention the choppy framerate which will letrally freeze if you go to fast -LRB- talk about freedom eh -RRB- . The fighting controls are terrible as well because it 's FORCING you to button mash in fights , i tried timing attacks but buttons wo n't respond unless you press a few times in rapid succession which also alot of the times leaves you punching the air . The story is just all over the place and ties no loose ends at the endo of the game , i 'd say this is a worthy horrible game for a horrible movie . The graphics are also very bad BUT i know this was one of the first games to be released for ps3 so i 'll let it slide on that one . Also the soundtrack is the most boring distant feeling compilation of sounds you HAVE EVER HEARD alot of times i found myself muting it so i do n't fall asleep . There is no replay value to this at all since everything gets so repetitive so i pass on the advice of norman osborn from the first spiderman flick `` do what you need with it then broom it fast ! '' yeah this game is definetley just a rental
 I have played this game and it is realy hard and plus there arent any codes to help you get through the game . Unless you want a big challenge do n't buy this game .
 First of all , this device is huge relative to the GBA , and heavy as well . When I take my GBA out with me , I like to put it in my pocket , but there 's no way I can do that with this device saddled to the back . I end up using having to use regular AA batteries when I go out and this battery pak when I 'm at home . Next , the clip on the battery pack that releases it is easy to hit by accident when you 're playing a game . Finally , it only comes in one color , Indigo , which does n't mesh so well with my Arctic GBA . Yes , it 'll save you some money on batteries , but at the price of convenience , comfort , and appearance .
 I bought a GBA and accessory kit for a friend I was visiting in France and the 10-hour rechargable power pack fit the game perfectly . When I got home from my vacation , my game and kit had already arrived from pre-ordering it before I left . This battery pack has a 20 hour promise , but it 's just too bulky to enjoy . Now I 'll have to ... purchase another pack that will fit in the carrying case . I 'm not impressed .
 This is a great idea and something that is necessary for continuous game play , but this one is just too big . Mad Catz makes one that actually fits into the battery compartment so it does n't add any bulk .
 This product for the gameboy advanced is just as good as a piece of dirt.Do not buy this!When I bought it I thought it would work great . But after a week of use it burnt it self out.All of my friends had the same problem.It also only will hold a hour 's worth of power.Its just a waste of money.You are better off buying batteries .
 I bought this adapter along with the purchase of some games , hoping to save the cost of batteries over time . It was a big mistake , this adapter hasnt worked from day one . I am truly disappointed in the brand and will be sure never to buy anything from this company again .
 This think is a real pain in the neck to deal with . It 's heavy , it 's bulky -LRB- What 's the point of a portable system if it 's not portable ? -RRB- and it falls out of the gamboy advance much too easilly.The only thing in it 's favor is the long battery life , but there 's other solutions out there that are bigger than this monstrosity .
 This game ??? No way ! It 's fun and challenging but they made this ? I have the collectors edition , around 5-10 dollars , and it includes ocarina of time , majora 's mask , original nes legend of zelda , original nes legend of zelda 2 , a 20 minute demo of the wind waker , a retrospective of all the games , and a special preveiw for the wind waker . The master quest only includes ocarina of time ! See what I mean ?
 The graphics are nothing , there are much better baseball games with much better graphics than this title . The only thing I thought was cool and challenging about this game was scenario mode . Other than that everything about this is terrible , the batter control , pitching , anything you can think of . Has Konami ever made a good sports game ? No I bet not , they better stick with action games or their reputation might be as good as dead , this was made a while ago but it is still pretty bad , if you are still playing N64 I suggest you get one of the All-Star Baseball games , they are pretty good , or should I say they were good for their time .
 The idea behind the game was pretty cool , car combat done with superb graphics etc. . But what I found in this game was a sense of gloom every time I loaded it up . You may think I sound crazy but if you 're a parent , you may seriously want to consider passing on this game , there 's not one ounce of positivity or kid friendly gameplay in it . I ca n't understand why they 'd put such a depressing backstory in this game , maybe if they 'd ended on an upnote with at least one character ... but every character gets tricked , and then ultimately killed off in the end . It just really bothered me and therefore I ca n't recommend this game , not even to adults .
 Well , I went to the local used video game store and picked up a copy of this for $ 15 . I havent played the others in the Twisted Metal series , and probably because of that this game really disappointed me . Graphics are fine , but the gameplay was just chaotic . You start in this huge arena and all the AI cars just zoom around you and blow the crap out of you . The controls seemed a little awkward for when I tried things like circling around another car and shooting it , or just trying to shoot and evade in general . I put about an hour 's time into it , but in the end I really did n't have any fun at all.If you have n't played and liked the other twisted metal games , stay far away from this one .
 out of any of the games I own this game is my least favorite . I ca n't even believe I had bought it . I strongly suggest if you want to play it , RENT IT
 Why does everyone like this game so much ? It gets boring fast . . you need codes just to keep it interesting . I will say that the graphics are great and the vehicles and environments themselves are pretty cool . . but the gameplay is n't stellar and the storylines for the characters are ultra stupid . The game just needlessly erodes our ever evaporating shock factors and capitalizes on cheesy characterization . It 's just a video game , yeah . . but you 'd think with the time and money that went into making it they 'd think a little harder . It is fun with multiple people though . It 's your money ...
 BORING LIKE HELL !! THATS A CHILD GAME !!
 This game has great graphics and a great storyline . However , this is NO different than TM3 + TM4 . I am a big fan of TM2 I cant imagine the hours after hours wasted away playing it . I was extremely excited to hear about another TM that was supposed to be as good as TM2 . The gameplay of TM Black is the same as 3 + 4 . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 While this game was nice to look at , I did not care for the game play . I tried to like it , but could not bring myself to enjoy it.It was so difficult that I made no progress . I could n't even increase the number of cars I killed as I played through multiple games . The cars were difficult to control with the joystick part of the controller . I found myself getting shelled as I tried to get lined up for the recharge platform . The opponents only come after you , but do n't really shoot at each other . While I do n't have a problem with unrealistic physics in an unrealistic game , the disparity of expected car behavior from actual behavior was somewhat disorienting -LRB- and somewhat nauseating -RRB- . The plot of the game was very dark and rather disturbing . I guess what was really disturbing was the possibility of kids getting hold of this . When in the character intro , the clown character -LRB- pictured on the front of the package -RRB- says , `` I 'll kill that mother ... , '' I found it to be over the top.The day after I bought TMB , I put it up for sale on e-bay . If you think you would like this game , I would rent it first . If you want to warp your kids more than TV has already done , this is a must have . If I were a parent , I would ban this game in my house .
 The game is very overrated . If you bought the other Twisted Metals do n't buy this one . It has a very poor plot . The plot is about a bunch of maniac losers trying to blow each others cars up . The controls are difficult and rather confusing . The graphics are below average for a PS2 game . I was very disappointed in this game .
 Twisted Metal
 As a die hard fan of `` twisted maetal 1and2 '' I bought PS2 just for much antisapated TM Black . I was dissapointed . The hype was - `` the original team returned to make TM5 ! '' Unfortunatly the `` original team '' was not able to recapture magic of tm 2 . So , lets disect the game.Cons :1 . Somewhat a reapoff of tm32 . Story lines -LRB- which are the huge part of the game 's appeal -RRB- feel like they were written in haphazard manner . You need to be 10 years old not to see holes and gaps in logic , which is sad sence game is designed for older players -LRB- M rating -RRB- . The storys are appealing but soooo imperfect , which breaks the mood they trying to establish .3 . AI . I guess what the team was trying to do is to make more `` human '' behaving AI . Unfortunatly they mixed up their priorities . The object was not to make a more human AI ; it was to make a game more fun . AI who attacks you like a human opponent -LRB- mostly from behind -RRB- is no fun ! Also AI is flawless in its use of weapons .4 . The game is too fast , which makes many weapons ineffective and only cool in theory -LRB- same problem in TM3 -RRB- Oponnents not driviing by , they FLYING by , even the ones that supposed to be slow and less manuvarable . Every character has lighning fast acceleration which makes weapons that are not selftargeting useless , unless you shooting point blank .5 . Little replyability value comparing to TM 2.6 . Game physics are inferior to tm2 . When one car hits another it dos n't feels like viacals crash into each other ; instead it feels like they gently push one another on ice . While life meters show damage from raming , you do n't see , hear or feel it .7 . Controls are not intuitive . It 's hard to perform 180 turns . Feels akward specially when everyone around you kicking your butt . Why did you change controls ? 8 . Cars flip over . Who needs that ? 9 . Game FEELS hard while being somewhat fun ; while tm2 felt like fun while being hard . Ironicly the game is easy to pass while hard to play ; should n't it be the other way around ? 10 . Most of the storys are the same . It 's all about revenge ! Come on , use some imagination ! 11 . Most of the special weapons are the same , while being masked to be different . Come on , use some imagination.Pros :1 . SOUNDTRACK . It saves the game . You can never get tired watching final movie and listening `` paint it black '' after passing the game . Bull 's eye ! 2 . Murderous characters3 . Good graphics4 . large battle fields5 . Character storylines6 . After playing this game You would wan na paint the whole world black.If I was unfamiliar with tm series I would probably give this game four stars but as a biggest fan of tm , I expected nothing less than perfect . Still I will keep this game and recomend it .
 This is a really diappointing game . I was anticipating this for a long time but this game -LSB- is disappointing -RSB- . One thing I -LSB- did n't like -RSB- from the beginning is the blistering Unreal Tournament-like pace . They should of included a speed adjustment option . The computer will be firing 1000 missles in seconds . Nevermined the fact that the regular missles follow you around like homing missles . It 's harder to turn correctly . Some people like it , but it does n't work for me . In TW
 Finally a review from someone that really has the game.In a word Twisted Metal Black is boring . The game is all shoot , no story . Well , a few short plotless movies are included , but they hardly qualify as story.And if you 're into shooting games , the shooting is n't much . Basically drive -LRB- or rather float -RRB- around and blow things up.For a driving game the physics are horrible , all the vehicles drive like hovercars or boats , not cars . And the dumptrucks drive almost exactly the same as the motorcycles.There 's not much unique about this game , I 've see all these weapons in other games , nothing new here . All the vehicles move unrealistically fast , I guess to make it more challenging . It 's rated M for Mature , though I really could n't tell you why . It 's not gory or scary.If you 're looking for great PS2 games , this does n't come close to SSX.My recommendation for a good car game?Save your money for Gran Turismo 3 .
 When you first start playing TMB , you will be saying to yourselve , `` WOW '' , until you play it for 1 or 2 hours straight , and then realize that it was n't want you expected . One reason why the twisted metal series was so great , was new innovation to the car combat genre . unfortunately no new innovation has added to this game , in fact you could stay it going downhill . The game lack so much stuff that make all the other series look like winner . What the game lack is n't in it graphic department , but it most important aspect of any game , the gameplay . It fast , infact it super fast , how can a 16 wheeler go as fast as a motorcycle , and realize how lame and such a poor excuse the developer of this game made it . The car physic is probably the worst i have ever seen . It never feel like your actually driving on the ground , every car has the same physic driving . Instead of driving like any other game , it drive more like on ice and hovercraft style . It lame , and also it very hard to hit your opponent . Also every game is a handicap game , not only do the al do n't shoot each other but that all the al are all trying to destory you . It does n't take long before a barrage of missle is aiming for your cars . This take so much away from the game , that for beginner will be totally outwhelmed . It also pretty hard on the easy setting because every game is a handicap games . Now talk about going downhill , there is no replay , extra , and no clear objective to any of the mission , but rather on objective and that is to destroy how many cars the game want you to destroy . Put in bad graphic and poor gameplay with an unexcusable 14 cars only , and you get a poor quality of a twisted metal game that the only thing going for it was the hype .
 I am a fan of the Twisted Metal series , but this game is the worst . There is too much going on in each level and because of this and the fact that the cars are very difficult to control , it makes it very difficult to find your way around . The level of gross violence in this game also disturbs me . I would advise all parents to use extreme caution before buying this game for your children -LRB- but preferably do n't buy it at all -RRB- . For example , one of the car 's special weapons is a live person who is chained up in the back of the car and is lauched onto enemy cars and then explodes . Many of the storylines of the characters are also very scary and violent .
 Just when I though I have seen the worst video game , someone else comes out with one that is even worse . That is the case with Twisted Metal Black . This game can be summed up in one word , laziness . The Playstation 2 is a powerful platform yet the developers of TWB were too lazy to use the full potential of the PS2 . All the graphics are dark and consist of only 3 colors , black , gray , and yellow . If the game took place in daylight , the developers would have to deal with shadows , shading , and textures . Instead they took the lazy way out and made the game take place at night so that they did n't have to worry about shading , shadows , or textures . Go outside in the middle of the night and you will get the idea . You ca n't see shadows , colors , shading , or texture . The game is so dark -LRB- even with the brightness turned up all the way -RRB- that I got a headache and eye strain after playing it for only 15 minutes . It looks like the PS2 will flop because developers will be too lazy to program for it . I regret buy the PS2 and am going to buy the obsolete Dreamcast . At least there are games for Dreamcast with decent color and graphics .
 The driving physics of this game are horrible , motorcycles and dump trucks handle , accelerate and brake in almost exactly the same way . The laziness of the developers shows through with them using the same phyiscs model for every vehicle.All the vehicles drive more like boats or hovercars than cars , drifting and coasting all over the place . If you touch the gas for a second you 'll have enough inertia built up to drive a mile or two.The game play is nothing new , basically just wander around looking for power-ups and shoot like mad . Quake with a hovercar.Twisted Metal Black is very arcadish , not at all a good driving game and not at all compelling . I found it quite simple to beat and the computer opponents to be very predicitable.Strongly not recommended .
 this game is sick . the entire plot is about people who kill people for no reason . its so gory and sadistic i almost puked . anyone who finds this game fun needs some help . this game was made by someone who has alot of issues . please , do n't pick up this game , if you do , you should definately get some help
 `` Twisted Metal
 if i learned anything from street fighter , just adding more does n't help . They added more charcters , more moves , etc. nothing new since SF2Turbo , then it went all downhill . Twisted metal is in the same situation .
 this game -LSB- is bad -RSB- , i 've played all the other twisted metal games and this one -LSB- is bad -RSB- . the action is way to fast and its almost impossilbe to destroy the other cars . get twisted metal 1 its a classic and the best out of the series . dont waste your $ $ $ like i did .
 Okay , this game is pretty good . I mean , when I first bought it , i was so excited , but when i got home and played , man it was fun . Then , 2 hours later , the game was boring . It was the same thing almost . Just hunting down cars . Also , the bosses were extremely hard . I meant they had shields and you had to shoot until the shield was gone and then kill the boss . So , if your thinking of buying this game , forget it -LRB- In my opinion . I do n't care if you waste your money ! -RRB- !!
 I 'm going to forego my usual in-depth reviews for this game . We all know what Twisted Metal is and this is nothing more than a rehash of those same games . Here 's why : Pros : Excellent GraphicsCool Mini-moviesEndurance & Challenge levels are interestingGood to pass time withCons : Short game with small levelsRepetitious gameplayBoring endings to each characterSame old rehash of earlier TM gamesNot enough `` total-destruction '' of buildings and such for this type of game.If you want to be `` burned-out '' by a game , I recommend `` Burnout , Test Drive , and Twisted Metal
 This game is exremely overrated . The plot was patheticley corny . The controls were diffucult and sometimes confusing . The graphics were below average for a PS2 game . If you enjoyed the other Twisted Metal games prepare to be let down hard . The multi-player is far from good . The backgrounds all seemed to be the same . Please do yourself a favor and rent this game before you buy it . Then you can see how bad it really is . : -LRB-
 I remember playing one of the first Twisted Metals and playing it for hour and hours growing up . I just got my PS3 fixed and came across the Black addition and ordered it hoping to have some fun with it . Let me tell you , after about 5 minutes of playing this version I realized this was nothing like the original . It 's very hard to play . The cars are very hard to control and it seems like the enemy is indestructible ... Not happy ...
 I thought this game was very promising . I liked the dark and twisted Silent Hill 2 , and the violent mayhem of GTA3 , but this game turned to be a major dissapointment . I rented this game once and will never pick it up again . Best described as boring and repetitive . Mindless chaotic nonsense gameplay . Dissapointing tiny graphics -LRB- except the cut scenes , which are good -RRB- . Do n't believe the hype , if you are new to this series , rent it first !
 I really like this game but it is true , it failed to capture the magic of Twisted Metal 1-4 . this game has incredible graphics , trust me and I also use component video cables making the graphics better . I missed Twisted Metal 3 and 4 . They were fun but their graphics could n't compare to Twisted Metal Black . You can play Twisted Metal Black online with oponents . I do not recommend this game to people younger than me . I can handle this game but it is still scary with blood and violence . I think they cussed a couple of times in the game . Oh and this game does not feature the create a car feature like Twisted Metal 4 . Controls are also frustrating but the buttons are just about the same as the other twisted Metals . You may not trust me but I am down right serious , do not get this , get TM 4 -LRB- Twisted Metal 4 -RRB- . I do n't see any new features in TM Black . TM 4 has more characters , is funner , has create a car feature . TM 1 and 2 is ok , not great , TM 3 is a little funner than TM 4 . Get either TM 3 or TM 4 . I did n't give this game 1 star because the graphics were better than older TM 's > DUH ! get TM 3/4 Now !
 This game was a sinch to beat , its boring and it does n't deserve to be rated . Thats all I have to say .
 Got the game because of the reviews . Big disapointment . The game is simply silly . Maybe OK if you 're 13 but still . A lot of better games out there . Graphics also disapointing .
 My kids are so dissapointed . You wont get the right cord ... it 's not what you see in the picture ... you get a cord thats white . . but with no tags or insturctions or description . . no where at all does it say GBA or nintendo . . good luck buying from this seller ... there goes 10 bucks I coulda used for gas !
 WHEN I BOUGHT THIS I HAD HOPES OF TRADING POKEMON GAMES , BUT WHEN I GOT IT IN THE MAIL , IT DID NOT WORK .
 This thing sucks . I plugged it into the gameboy , and when i tried to pull it out , the plastic part completely separated from the metal part and pulled one of the internal wires out , so i never even got a chance to use it . Instead of buying this , just take 10 dollars and throw it in the trash . It will save you the disappointment .
 The cable does work as intended , but it 's too short , unless you 're sitting head-to-head or side-by-side , I hope 3rd parties make a longer one ...
 I ordered a * Nintendo * brand link cable from this page , listed as new . What I received was an envelope with a little baggy inside with a white link cable with * no identifiable manufacturing information * . No Nintendo mark , no Nintendo packaging , no Official Nintendo Seal . Nothing . It appears to be a new/used link cable from a 3rd party manufacturer.The listing described `` by Nintendo '' and `` new '' . I did n't receive either .
 The Game Boy Advance game link cable that I received did n't work at all . It did n't even come in a box and it did n't look like the cable you 're supposed to get !! It looks nothing like the cable that you see on the box . We tried it and it did n't work at all . So I paid $ 14.95 and money for shipping for a product that did n't work !! I wo n't be buying from the person that I got it from and I plan on letting people know that he sells inferior products !!
 I 've tried the cable out with my cousins , and we have not found any games that have let us play two player yet . I left the cable with my cousins knowing they had more than one gameboy advance , suggesting that perhaps the games have got to be exactly the same in each system . I am still unaware of any two player games they may have gotten to work .
 First if your going to buy this , make sure you do n't buy it from collecterscardsandgames because they will most likely send you a new/used no-name cheap peice of junk . What they sent me was a white connecter that did n't even have any brand name on it . It came in a little plastic bag that is all . No Nintendo seal , no box , just a bag with a cord . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this .
 Well at least this game is a lot better than the first edition , but that 's not really asking too much.The game has 3 stages
 I hardly ever saw Survivor but I got tired of my original Survivor I badly wanted this version and Santa granted my wish . I played my first game yesterday and boy was I amazed . I just loved the new opening sequence because it made me feel like I was watching the TV show . Plus it has a feature that the original Survivor lacks a practice version that lets you play the challenges over and over agan . That way if you lose or if you do n't know what to do head over to the practice version . By the way my favorite challenge is the slots . Also the TC is improved with Jeff Probst actually reads the votes and the torches are brought now . ... . The reason I gave this game 2 stars was that I missed making my own tribe member . Overall a fun game , Buy it , ... !!! SURVIVOR FAN !!!
 i agree , the first couple times playing are really fun . than it just gets repetive and non-challenging . i wish tribal council was more suspeseful ; and i wish the allinaces actually made sense . also , i think its studpid that you are always competing against the marquesas cast . i hope a new edition comes out , hopefully it will be a lot better . i do n't reccommend the game to those who are n't survivor fans .
 I think I have come to the conclusion that it is impossible for a computer game to capture the amazing atmosphere and subtle plotting and scheming that goes on in Survivor . Survivor Ultimate Edition was very disappointing to me . I did n't even bother to buy the first one after reading the disasterous reviews , and now I wish my husband had saved the money when he purchased this as a gift for me.Pros - kept me entertained for a few hours at least - The mini-games are fun but unfortunately on the ones involving questions , there are either far too few questions or something is wrong with my game because I get asked the EXACT same questions every single game . - I like the clips of footage that are shown in between phases of the gameCons - Some of my favorite characters are not included , probably due to the fact that having EVERY contestant available would prove a bit overwhelming . - The graphics are horrendous , except for the mini-games . None of the contestants look remotely like their real counterparts except for possibly Jerri . - The alliances , such as they are , only last for 1 tribal council . There is no interaction between you and the other survivors except to offer them an alliance against someone else which they will either accept or decline . Since alliances are such a crucial part of Survivor I found this rather idiotic . I have also noticed that regardless of whether or not the tribes feelings towards me are good or not , if I lose immunity 90 percent of the time they will vote me out , even if there is someone else everyone does ' t like . It is very strange . It is like `` hey , lets all target the human player for no apparent reason ! '' Consequently I just win all of the immunities which gets somewhat boring . I want to strategize , be able to throw a challenge or two to get rid of someone . But I ca n't risk it because I constantly have a huge target on my back even if it says everyone likes me . - You apparently can not have a tie at tribal council . One tribal council during the final four I decided to break my alliance and cause a tie-breaker by voting for John instead of Kathy like I had agreed to . Well . . somehow 3 votes for Kathy came up and 1 vote for John . Uh ... last time I checked a survivor ca n't vote for themselves ... so that is messed up . And it has happened a few more times . - Three words `` NO TRIBAL INTERACTION '' . That is just ... wrong . In a show that depends on interaction between tribemates , to have NONE except for the excruciatingly pointless alliances is a travesty.Overall it is not a `` bad '' game , it is just not a particularly fun one either . It does not have much replay value in my eyes . I do n't want to answer the same questions every `` quiz '' challenge and be forced to win immunity every single time just to get by . The spirit of Survivor is not in this game . And that is a shame . But I think that the true spirit of `` Survivor '' can not be captured by artifical intelligence .
 We were so excited to get this game , however it will not load and run properly . The tech support staff at Infogrames has been very helpful , but to no avail . I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 Being one of my most wanted items on the top of my Christmas wish list last year I was really happy when my Survivor game arrived courtesy of Santa himself and I could n't wait to play it . The day after Christmas the trouble began as the game froze while trying to load an immunity challenge and I ended up starting the game again and the day after that the game froze AGAIN at the very same part and starting the game over again was very tiring for me . Finally tired of messing with the game i took Survivor out and popped in the Sims and I was really happy . Mark Burnett should be really ashamed of what Infogames has really done to the computer games of his creation . And people and diehard Survivor fans will be disappointed with this game . Let The buyer beware , P.S. Mark Burnett could you ask Infogames to create a game starring my crush Rocco Dispirito plese ?
 this game fail so hard . is bear junk an monkay carp . me waan a game me cyan play pon de weekend but dis no good .
 ... they better have fixed the bugs the first one had . Im hoping this one will actually be stable . If not , alot of fans will vote Infogrames out of the gaming industry .
 Oh , my . What an awful , awful game . I ca n't believe I spent money on this sucking black hole of mediocrity . The box states that it includes `` solo campaign '' play , but in actuality , it just includes `` practice sessions '' where you can play on the various maps that are used in multiplay . There is no attempt at plot or continuity , you just choose whatever map you want to play in a series of disconnected scenes.If that was n't bad enough , the online play is awful . Infogrames does n't support this title with their own servers , they just include a tool to find multiplayer games that other people are running themselves , some of which you wo n't even be able to access without a password , some of which if you do access the hosts will just boot you off since you 're a total stranger . Out of the remainder , connections fail frequently , and even if you do manage to stay in , the game sessions only last around four minutes a pop . Once the major objectives are complete the game is done unless you want to play on the same board again.There are none of the traditional staples of online shooter games here ; no deathmatch , capture the flag , or anything else . Instead players simply attempt to set a bomb , steal a weapon prototype or take hostages . Once any of these things are accomplished the game is over.Oh , and if you actually want to play in one of these online debacles , you 'll have to download a couple of hours worth of updates -LRB- it was for me , I have a 56K connection -RRB- , which , again , Infograme does n't host and you 'll have to use various clunky mirror sites , bogged down with advertisements and unneeded webpages.Finally , if you manage to do this , and still want to play , look out
 One of the worst games I have ever played . Play counter-strike .
 I was very excited to get this game but once i began playing i saw that it was `` cheap '' . It felt like i was playing a computer game from 1999 . Extremely disappointing , the graphics are OK but the whole game just seems plain . They should have spent more time working on it instead of rushing to release it , they had a great idea but messed it up in the end . The time control is probably the only thing that makes this game different from others but even the amount of time it lasts is very short . I 'm glad I did not spend more that $ 15 on this game overall because it is definitely not worth it .
 Please save your time and most important money on this HORRIBLE GAME . The reason I was stuck into buying this game is because I confused this game with Time Splitters , I bought this game as soon as I noticed it in GameStop ... big mistake the game is horriblely medicore . The online DID NOT WORK AT ALL . Save your money and just wait for Haze .
 Yet another boring FPS ... I think that Resistance is a little better than this game but , I 'm still waiting for something a little more fast paced like Unreal Tournament 3 , which I plan on getting this week . This game is a better rental than a buy . . The whole time manipulation is fun for the first level , and then Timeshift just becomes another typical console FPS . .
 A friend of mine who has no idea how to use google asked me for an opinion of whether or not to buy this CD.It was an automatic NO since these types of offers are always just limited shareware / timed trialware versions of commercial software compiled onto the cheapest polymer CD made and normally sold on convenience store counters next to the caffeine pills and bath salts.But , in just in case you remain intrigued and either believe it is too cheap to pass up or you 'd like to waste your time by learning more about this collection of free crap , refer to the appended list -LRB- downloaded from ggoooooogle -RRB- about the contents . Then , after you 've voluntarily ripped yourself off by paying for this collection of free crap , you should walk to your nearest neighborhood bank and donate some money to the wealthiest looking employee there before going to your local pub to buy free matches.All of the following software applications are freely available to download and some may or may not work on Vista and Windows7 , they wo n't work on Windows 8 because not even Windows8 works on Windows8 ! 3DNAAccountLogonAcoustica MP3 Audio Mixer & CD/DVD Label MakerACD 5 PowerPakACD Magic VideoAltoMemory BoosterAutoPilot BackupPlusBlackHole OrganizerCall Soft ProCD AnywhereCTUbe!Cursor XPDesktopAuthorDuMeterE-motional Images Screen Saver Express AssistEzMacrosFinePrintFTP VoyagerGhostSurf ProICUIIImage Converter PlusInAFlashProKoala HTMLLiveWire ! BroadcastMedia DigitizerMidiNotateMorphMan4MoveMeObjectBarOutback PlusPanda PlatinumPC RemotePicoZipPocoMailRamDisk XPRegCompactorRegistry First AidRegistry MechanicScopeware VisionSecureIESleuthhoundSmartDrawSnagItSpam InterceptorSpySweeperStarfish Family MailStickyNotesStretchBreakStuffIt Standard 8.0 SureTypeSurfSaverSyncroMagicSystem MechanicTalking TranslatorProTextAloud MP3TradeTrakkerTransparentLockSaverTurboBrowserTweakingToolBox XPTweakMasterTweakNowUlead Gif Animator 5.0 Ulead Video Studio 7.0 UltraEdit 10UltraMouseUniversal Document ConverterURUninstaller2003VideoConverterWatermill 3D Screensaver
 I dont even know how good this thing works because out of five games i have only zelda the wind waker can use this . but my friends have a gamecube and it works well
 This cable is a great idea , but there is no games to use it on . And it can not be used as a 2nd controller to view your play-book -LRB- Madden 2002 -RRB- or various things like that , many people were hoping for these things and I with others were disapointed with this product . Only buy it if you care obssed with raising Choas .
 My kid asked for the cable with the hope of use it with the Sonic , the manual indicates a very restricted use , only in the Chao Garden , up to new he has been unable to transfer anything .
 I understand how wonderful this item is for connecting certain GBA games to certain Cube games , but why does n't it allow you to play GBA games on the big screen ? Remember the Super Gameboy ? I guess that 's what I was hoping for . Hopefully , Nintendo is developing a Gameboy Advance driver to allow this to happen , but why release this item with only limited functionality ? Some of the GBA games are great , I just get tired of squinting at the tiny non-backlit screen . I 'm ready for F-Zero or Super Circuit on the TV .
 What this thing does is allow Nintendo to release games that require you own both the gamecude and the gameboy to play all aspects of the game . For example in Animal Crossing there is an island that you can not visit unless you have this cable and a gameboy . The characters in the game go so far as to suggest that you buy a gameboy so you can visit the island . In my opinion this is a pretty crummy way to sell video game hardware .
 dont get this unless you have a specific intention for it . if you just want to buy cool gamecube accessories stay away from this ! it does not function for many games at all , and even though it is a cool idea , i sold mine as fast as possible after i learned of its minimal capabilities . a product like this has potential , but definately wait until some good game comes out that supports it in a big way . dont let any review that says that its good without giving specific reasons of specific games that it is good for .
 Je ne peut noter ce produit car je ne l'ai toujours pas reu apr&egrave;s plus d'un mois ! D&eacute;lais monstrueux et non respecter je ne changerais pas cette note tant que je n'aurais pas reu mon produit un pigeon voyageur aurais &eacute;t&eacute; plus vite , et cette fois je ne prend pas la peine d' &eacute;crire ce message en anglais , pour le moment tr&egrave;s mauvais exp&eacute;rience de cette boutique ...
 I bought this link at Toys R Us last night . You are only able to use it on the Sonic Games . There are no directions for use and had to call Nintendo twice for help . I would wait till more games are released before buying it . Instructions are little to nonexsistant . You have to be in the Garden on both games in order to transport Chao . Not worth the money .
 we have 11 games for gameboy advance and none of them work with the cube cable , we are very disappointed .
 I was disappointed in this product . I thought it would allow me to play Gameboy games on the TV . It does not . It is only used for special games , which I have not seen any . So right now it is useless ! ...
 The whole reason I bought GameCube was that I could connect GBA games on the Big Screen . They better have that releasing or else I want my money back and get X Box . I guess It was better than nothing . It would be kind of cool to connect those games together . Overall they better create what I wanted soon .
 I have played the original Big Mutha Truckers , and really liked it . I also think that this game seems to be a lot better than the fist version as far as features and graphics . This game , however , will not work if you own a new , redesigned Playstation2 . If your console is a 75001 , one of the new slimline consoles , this as well as 44 other games will not work properly . This particular disk freezes while loading new screens , as well as in the middle of driving/playing either locking up the screen or turning it black . The only way to resume is to restart , and there is no way to remedy this problem . Please visit Sony 's Playstation website to see a full list of these games on the Consumer Alert page .
 I really wanted to like this game . I think the concept is great , and the television commercials -LRB- similar to the preview mode when the game loads -RRB- looked like the game would be a lot of fun . Too bad then that Big Mutha Truckers 2 suffers from horrible design . It turns what could have easily been a five-star experience into a two-star dud . It 's almost difficult to push yourself to bother finishing the game . I did complete it , but it ended up feeling more like working a factory job than playing a game.The primary flaws are the lack of interaction and the fact that the entire game world is open from the moment you begin -- and it 's not that large of an environment . You play as one member of a truck driving family -- you pick a character out of four possible choices , and you 're stuck with that character for the entire game . Not that it makes much of a difference . The game is oddly in first person mode , so that most of the time you never see your character . The heart of the game is that you have to drive truckloads of random goods to various locations . Over and over and over . The same small set of locations . When you get there you sell your random stuff and buy different random stuff . The number of locations is very small , as is the list of random stuff , and the driving time between them is short . Imagine a list of goods consisting of beans , CDs , widgets and draperies , and a list of towns consisting of Boston , New York , Washington D.C. and Philadelphia . Imagine also that it only takes a couple minutes to drive from town to town . Most of this game , then , is driving beans to New York , draperies to Boston , draperies to New York , beans to Washington D.C. , and so on . The difference is that you 're driving to fictional towns and the goods are even more random . The ultimate goal is to earn enough to pay off jurors for a trial . At first , you 'll only make a few thousand per run , and you need to earn millions to complete the game . So you 're going to be driving the same routes , with the same random stuff , over and over and over . Sound like fun?Of course , you 're driving an 18-wheeler , which should be fun . However , even though you can change rigs and cabs , the physics of the game are paltry enough that it does n't really matter what you 're driving or what you 're hauling . They all pretty much handle the same.To make the game a bit more challenging , you can be attacked by bikers , cops , and UFOs . Unfortunately , these are all extremely predictable and easy to shake off , making it not very fun and not very much of a challenge . You can also pick up hobos and give them a ride , and you can destroy some other cars and buildings and such to get a bonus . However , you make the most money by delivering your stuff to the next town as fast as possible , so it discourages interacting with stuff on the road . It should have been possible to earn just as much money by interacting and taking your time -- that would have been a lot more fun . On the other hand , when it comes down to it , there 's just not that much to interact with , and no matter what , your character may as well be non-existent . Even worse is the interaction when you 're out of your cab . When you arrive at a town you get a quick shot of your character , always in the same position , standing by the cab . You ca n't walk around any towns . You ca n't interact with anyone or anything . You just get a menu where you can choose `` Store , Bar , Leave -LRB- drive to another town -RRB- , Quit -LRB- the game -RRB- '' . You have to go to the stores to sell stuff . But you 're just plopped there in a first person mode , talking to the clerks , who generally repeat the same dialogue . The same thing happens in the bars.In the bars , you can play random card games to earn a few dollars gambling . The card games are as `` impressive '' as Solitaire on Windows 3.1 . And the money you can earn with them will not make a difference . The bars also offer the mini-games , which are the only things providing some variety . These are also too short , and there just are n't enough of them.Making the game less challenging is the fact that a menu tells you what you should buy and where you should deliver it , and the game tells you where the next juror will be , tells you when you should pay them , etc.Aside from the lack of variety , interaction and real thought/challenge , which is a major problem , the main flaw with this game is the randomness of goods , locations and other characters . The redneck theme should be a lot of fun . There is little limit to what could be done with it to make an intricate , funny and challenging game with lots of interaction opportunities . We need to be able to walk around towns and interact with people and objects . The game needs to make sense and not be random . The theme needs to be consistent . There 's no reason to have characters and locations like a Russian Mafioso on a yacht or a Vegan nudist in a ski resort , etc. . This is supposed to be a game about rednecks/hillbillies ! And why are they hauling/selling stuff like bottled water and perfume ? Create a redneck world , populated with rednecks , doing redneck things , interacting with redneck items . The game as it stands is just too random , repetitive/boring , featureless and unfunny . Even the dialogue and soundtrack were random and unfunny . The GTA-like radio stations while driving were also random , unfunny and mostly annoying .
 its stupid . and lame.little blocks run around talking while rainbows shoot out of the air.OVER RATED . i hate it
 WORST GAME EVER MADE WOOOOOOOOOORST DONT BUY IT IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEYYYYYYYYYYYY SAVE IT FOR ANOTHER GAME DONT WASTE YOUR TIME PLAYING THAT GAME
 This game was recommended to me by several employees in Gamestop . I bought it because I normally like quirky and off-the-wall , cute games and this looked certainly like a match.Wrong . Very . It is painfully , mind-numbingly boring . As repetitious as Tetris and with script as poorly written and frustrating to get through as , well , something like Zero Wing comes to mind , you 'll wish it ended as soon as it begun . I 'm not sure how long they really thought rolling around a ball would be entertaining , but it lasted about 20 minutes before I found myself wondering , `` Is this all it has to offer ? '' . Giving it a good while longer I found , yes , yes it was . Luckily I was within my 7 day return period and got a small fraction of my time , in the form of cash , back . `` They '' say in the description the cutoff age range of 20 . I 'm almost 21 , so maybe it 's really the DAY you turn 20 you realize this game is for the entertainment of 6 year olds trying to master their hand/eye coordination .
 I bought this for kids that play Sly Cooper , Ratchet & Clank , Jak and Daxter , hoping this would be a nice diversion . Ugh , it was awful I thought . I tried to be enthusiastic about it , but it was so slow , the graphics were dated looking and it just seemed tedious to play . There was more dialogue than I wanted and it just never captured anyones attention . I feel bad for the person who bought it from me .
 The guys who made this game must have been on an acid trip at the time . All you do is roll over objects , picking them up , and you get bigger . There is no point to this game ! Dont read the other reviews ! This is a bad game . The only reason it gets two stars is because sometimes it is SOOOO bad , it can be funny .
 If you have not played this game , it is basically the video game equivalent of 52 card pick up . There is a reason it is selling for only 19 bucks , it is short , it looks bad and is not very much fun to play . You basically are introduced by some lame story where you have collect trash and build stars . The characters who do this look terrible , and you are expected to basically read about 10 minutes of dialogue before you start to do anything remotely interesting . For a lack of better description it is too Japanese and too weird for most people . I know people have enjoyed the game for the creative use of controls and simplicity of the game but what about every other component of this game , the camera - terrible , the story - aweful , game length - short , fun - for about 5 minutes . Some people might enjoy this game but this definetely falls in the rent but do n't buy category regardless of price .
 Before I order PS2 Games for Christmas , I always check out the reviews and most of the time order games by a lot of positive reviews ... I ordered this game for my 10 & 11 year olds and they absolutely hated it ... Said it was the stupidiest and most boring game they have ever played/seen ... So when we had a bday party , I had a few of their friends , ages 9-13 play it , and they all said it was a really dumb and uneventful game ... I COULD N'T EVEN GIVE THIS GAME AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! So , if I could have gone with 0 stars thats what this game would have gotten ... One Star is way too many ...
 It 's original , that 's for sure , but that does n't mean it 's good . It 's not . It get monotonous very quickly , it 's tedious , and it 's just not very entertaining . The graphics are PS1 quality . There are a lot of great games you can buy for $ 20 -- this is n't one of them .
 Usually when a game is rated `` E '' for Everyone ... Everyone can play it . This game should be rated `` K '' for kids . When some Cosmos King destroys all the stars in the sky it 's your job to go to earth and roll together objects of everysize into your katamari balls and toss them into space to recreate the stars that were once there.I think I lost 100 IQ just playing the first level ...
 I purchased Katamari Damacy for my grand daughter , after reading some of the reviews that really praised this game . This has got to be the worst game that I have in my Playstation 2 collection . And I have over 100 . There is no plot . My grand daughter absolutely hates it . Even though it is not that expensive . Playstation should pay customers to play this silly game . My advise is to pass over this game and add the cost of it to a much better game .
 WoW this game is horrible . It is like all of 2 levels with no chance to lose . there really is n't any point to the game . Do n't waste your money.I would have gave this game negative stars if I could .
 This game sucks in so many ways . Not worth the price at all ! It 's very simplistic , both in gameplay and concept.In short , you shoot chickens . That 's why it 's called chicken shoot . See ? Simple . This is where you should have quit expecting better . The scrolling does n't work correctly and you 'll occasionally get stuck on one side of the scene for no apparent reason . It claims 11 levels but you rarely ever progress past level 1 , despite making the high score list . The music will wear on your nerves after about 5 minutes , and even IF you make it to another level , the music is still the same .
 If you have a single brain cell and a memory problem you will love this game . Your single cell will enjoy the one button action and your memory problem will hide the fact that you have been shooting at the same five chickens for duration of the game . Which is endless.You may also like this game if you are accustomed to sitting on the porch in a rocking chair with a shotgun in hand ready to shoot varmints.Overall , simply the worst game ever released .
 I hate this game there is only one screen to shoot things & when you shoot everything you start over on the same screen shooting the same products . Very very boring do n't waste your money the Wii Play game in the shooting sections is 100 times better . I thought I 'd like this game because it 's fun to shoot a targets & this one sucks .
 Cartoonish graphics , very little excitement ... just get Link 's crossbow gun instead . It comes with a much better shooting game .
 I bought this game for my 10 year old daughter because she received a gun for her Wii , so I thought this would be a great game that was violence free . Well it is a good game for much younger children but it was pretty boring for my daughter . You only learn by purchasing and experiencing it .
 When purchasing Chicken shoot , we thought it might bring us back to the days of Duck Hunt for the original Nintendo . Boy , were we disappointed . Chicken Shoot is by far the worst game I 've owned for the Wii thus far.The goals in the levels do n't really make sense , since the level continues on even after you shoot your required number of chickens . Multi-player is split screen and just awful . The graphics on the game are bad as well ... looking like they came straight from a 5-year old 's coloring book.I did n't even make it through the first level before I got tired of playing the game.Chicken Shoot has potential for entertaining small children , but for anyone else , avoid at all costs .
 This game is like a flash game you find in the web for free pasted on a Wii game with horrible controls and with a $ 30-40 price tag .
 As far as getting what I ordered , I was satisfied . The product was in great condition and arrived promptly . However , the game itself was not what I expected , did n't keep our interest , BUT , it would be great for a very young child . It 's easy to play and kid-friendly .
 This is a bad one . It is easy for a 5 year old , but at the same time it is bad . The duck shooting game in Wii Play is much better than this one , though both have the same theme more or less
 This game is a complete and total waste of time and money . It reminds me of a shareware program that you can pick up for free on the internet , or even at Big Lots for 99 cents.In other words , if you are lucky enough to own a Wii , pass on this game . I give it a 0 out of 5 stars .
 This game is rated for 10 and up . My son is six . He thinks it 's boring . You shoot endless waves of chickens . Um , hooray !? Avoid this game like the plague .
 this is fun for kids but for adults its not a winner ... save your money for a better game
 I should 've never bought this game . I mean , who really wants to kill poor innocent chickens that have n't done anything to us ? This game is just plainly shooting chickens the whole way which is VERY boring and stupid . Overall , if the subject of the game is stupid , you can almost predict the game will be bad . In other words , this game STINKS !!!!!!
 I rarely write reviews on Amazon , but I feel so ripped off by this game that I have to speak up . This game is boring , pointless , and unimaginative . I regret my purchase . It has neither the elegance and simplicity of a target-practice game , nor the sophistication and excitement of a role-playing game . Do yourself a favor and skip this dud .
 The main reason I purchased this game was the mention on the case of an egg-catching mini-game . An arcade puzzle game from the 80 's titled ` Chicken Shift ' , and my fruitless search to find said game again for the next 20 years , immediately sprung to mind . So I shelled out $ 30 for ` Chicken Shoot ' and was on my way back to my trailer for some beer-swillin ' , chicken-shootin ' , egg-catchin ' , hootin ' and hollerin ' good times . Or so I thought.I popped the game in my Wii and while the lackluster graphics were an immediate red flag , I reassured myself that I 've already spent more money on worse-looking games for the Wii.My first mission was to hunt down the egg-catching mini-game , which turned out to be nothing like my beloved ` Chicken Shift ' -LRB- strike # 2 and I had n't even had the disc in for 2 minutes -RRB- It seemed to automatically toggle between being overly-sensitive to non-responsive - a trait which rendered the egg-catching portion of the game completely useless to me . Then logic mode kicked in and I had to ask myself , why the farmer was even going through the trouble of catching the eggs when he 's just going to shoot them after they hatch ?!? So I moved on to the shooting portion , which is the alleged meat and bones of this game - figuratively speaking . Here you have the same chickens repeatedly juxtaposed onto different backgrounds . The mannerisms of the chickens distinctly remind me of the Whammy animations from the 80 's game show ` Press Your Luck ' . Can anyone say cheezy ?!? Suppose you pick off the chicken washing her laundry on the bottom of the screen . If you move elsewhere on the same level , the same laundry-washing chicken re-appears in the same spot where you had just shot her . Annoying . They could at least vary what pops up in a particular space.The only thing that really varies in the game other than the cheap middle school play backdrops which change from level to level , is the different style weapons which you get to use . I did n't play long enough to figure out how I managed to get other weapons or why some weapons lingered around for a while and others disappeared after firing six rounds . It would have been nice if you could work your way up to even more ridiculously overpowered weapons such as cannons and flame-throwers , but since this game is n't very well thought out to begin with , I guess I ca n't expect much.I did wind up playing this for about a half hour in order to give it a chance , but it gets old really quick . The graphics , audio and just about everything else seems not only dated , but below sub-standard , if that 's even possible . This is supposed to be a ` next generation ' console - I wish the game developers for the Wii would give us some titles that are worthy of the phrase .
 My 8 yr old son hates this game . He played for 10 minutes and asked , is this it ? He spent $ 20 of his own $ for this game and I felt so bad , I have him the $ 20 back . I think from now on , we will rent games before making a purchase . So far I have 3 Wii games that are pretty sorry .
 We got this game in a bundle with the Wii system . Within 5 minutes you are bored . Do n't bother buying it . If you really want it , go to a used game store and pay less . I think that is where I am going to take mine !
 My kids are 6 and 8 and after 10 minutes they did not like the game . Its the same old thing over and over again , and if there was ever a game I would like to get my money back this is it - do not purchase . If the company that produced this game had any focus on the market they would never have released such as simple and uneventful game .
 I 'm not sure which part is worse , the fact that this is barely a step above Duck Hunt for the original Nintendo system only remade with chickens , or the fact that I wasted $ 29.99 on it.I 'm not a hard core gamer , but I do like a dose of entertainment and fun with my video games . I 'm hooked on the duck shooting gallery in Carnival Games for Wii and that one repetitive game is 100 % more fun than this shoddy , cheaply made game . Actually I 'd take any of the shooting games in Carnival Games over Chicken Shoot . Even the shooting thing on Wii Play is significantly better and more challenging.The backgrounds look marginally better than graphics for the N64 platform , the sensory recognition is poor , and the game is tremendously repetitive . After level one , just drop in a different static backdrop and you have level two . The worst part is that it 's not even funny . With a name like Chicken Shoot , you 'd think there would be some humor or feathers flying , alas there is only aggravation.Save your money for something fun .
 I thought this would be a fun game , something like duck hunt or something . It 's very boring . I felt like I was just shooting chickens endlessly with not much of a point .
 Ok game for the kids ; however , not too accurate with pointer device , even if calibrated above or below TV . Only one set could be close to accurate . If you have small kids , they might not mine . Otherwise do n't spend your money .
 We got this game with our Wii as part of a bundle , and it was a bit of a disappointment . It 's funny and cute for about ten minutes , but gets old pretty quickly . It would be great if it was just one of several games on a disc , but being the entire game , it 's not worth it.However , if you like shooting games but get dizzy in those 3-D ones , you may enjoy this . The graphics are pretty funny !
 This game is only good for children ages 8 and under . I got it because I like shooting games but i do n't like violence , so i thought it would be perfect . Huge let-down . Everyone else has already delineated the specific reasons why , so i wo n't reiterate . It 's really sad because the concept had a lot of potential .
 I 've been playing Final Fantasy since I was about in the fifth grade . I bought Final Fantasy XI because I buy all of the new Final Fantasy games for a personal collection and I enjoy the game . When I installed this game the first week was ok , then it went horribly downhill.The Final Fantasy series are n't noted for their acual gameplay , they 're noted for their fantastic storylines and their unique themes . Final Fantasy only gave us an extremely small storyline . The Unique theme is still in effect , which is basicly a world after the world united to revolt against their oppressive conquestor -LRB- Or something like that -RRB- . As I stated , the storylines are just horrible and small . Your story lines go along with your nation . I remember that I was in the Elvaan -LRB- one of the races -RRB- kingdom and the story line was revolving around someone who broke some king 's tomb and raiding an Orc 's Encampment ... at least this was how it was at the start.Some of the other reviews state that the negative reviews are only written because we hav n't spent enough time on the game . Frankly I dont see a point in spending the $ 10 + / month for an online game where all I do all day is run around and kill rabbits and worms.Some dismiss my claims by saying that it 's more fun with friends , thinking that I did not play with friends -LRB- I did -RRB- . The game is extremely dull and unchanging . If it is true that it gets better later on then that means you would have to spend an extremely long time of being bored and spending money just to get there .
 The annoying features of this game start immediately when you first boot up the disks . After three registration codes and an `` update '' download that takes over an hour to download using broadband -LRB- ! -RRB- , you 're in business . Well , if you want to call it that.The gameplay is confused and scattered . Not enough clear direction , no real record of what has happened , so that if you do n't write things down , poof they are gone and there is no way to recall what someone said to you at all . It 's pretty easy to wander around aimlessly in cities designed for the high-level Japanese PCs where you can only do window shopping because you ca n't afford a damned thing that they are selling . Get GILs with quests , you say ? Sure , but good luck not getting killed with your subpar weapons and armor . And then , of course , you lose experience and your weapons and items , leaving you basically at wits end , reduced to begging other PCs to spare a few GILs so that you can buy another weapon.And do n't think about trying to create another character if you get frustrated with the first one -- that will cost you extra , amigo ! You pay for each character you create , in addition to the monthly fee for airtime ! What a raw deal financially -- greedy , greedy , greedy . I mean $ 1 per character may not seem like much , but when you 're paying $ 50 for the game to begin with and then $ 12 a month for access , you have to ask when will the greed end?The graphics ? Okay , but I would have expected better . SWG has much better graphics than this . It looks like a console game , albeit a large one . The game world is certainly large -- that is true , but the graphic detail levels are adequate but disappointing.The same seems solitary and antisocial , there are n't groups easily formed , there is a cultural disconnect between the players in Asia and the players in North America.Frankly , bottom line -- in my view , it is n't really that much fun to play . When I play MMORPGs , I wo n't be spending too much time , if any , tooling around in this one . SWG and DAoC are both far more enjoyable , social MMORPGs than this one , and as a result a better use of the gamer 's time .
 I played this game for about 80 hours , then quit completely . The reason for this is because the game is so boring in the beginning , it makes you want to tear up the disk and throw it at the creators.Ok so I 'll be fair and give you some pros ... and of course cons.Pros ------------------ 1 . Nice graphis with high res , and fair battle engine .2 . Rewarding game after you play for about 200-300 + hours .3 . Fast load.Cons ------------------ 1 . If you want to play this game with a friend , your friend has to go in-game and spend a considerable abount of gil -LRB- money -RRB- on something called a ` World Pass ' . This allows you to make your character on their server , but can only be used once .2 . Very slow traveling and leveling .3 . Expensive fee .4 . Need a friend in real life before you start this game to help you.As you can see in my review , the cons overshadow the pros .
 I think I would have liked this game ... unfortunately I never got to play it . I wasted a lot of time installing and setting up this game , setting up an account with PlayOnline , giving them all the registration baloney , including credit card number ... setting up passwords for everything , then installing the Final Fantasy XI game itself and setting up an account for that ... finally , after all the grief , I clicked the `` play '' button ... oh , the anticipation for the moment ... . only to have an error message pop up to tell me that I did n't have the correct video card to play the game ... . Hold the phone ! I have a state of the art NVidia graphics card with 64 megs of video ram ... what do they mean by this ?? Well , I call customer support , and guess what ? It appears that I do n't have the right model of NVidia card ... it must be a GeForce series card ... the one I have is not supported . If I want to play FFXI I have to go out and buy another video card ... well forget that noise . I 've already spent enough money on this one game , thankyouverymuch . And I ca n't even get a refund for the game . Fifty bucks down the tubes . The manufacturer should make the point clear that ONLY certain video cards are supported . And it does n't help matters that they do n't tell you until you have already spent HOURS setting everything up.So , if you want to play Final Fantasy XI , just make sure you have all the correct hardware , are willing to spend an evening parked at your computer for set up , and have your credit card handy for those monthly PlayOnline payments . Knock yourself out . For me , I just chalk that one up as a learning experience .
 This really suck . Why the hell would you want to buy a game then pay a monthly due to play the game . i want my money back . Heck the game is not cheap ... $ 46 . . then $ 13 every month . yeah right . Definitely a ripoff . Diablo II is much better . you buy game then you play online for free -LRB- still a very fun online exp . -RRB- . Worst decision I have made buying this game . Just not sure if it is worth $ 156 for the year -LRB- maybe more depending on your online exp . -RRB- . I can buy another game console with that price ... lol
 At first this game is very involving and very fun , but then you start to get into the higher levels and you realize something that is stated as `` Easy Prey '' can easily kill you . Also , every group camps out at the same place . So if your in a group of 6 and are lv 25 , you can bet there will be like 5 other groups of six camping the same ol' spot . Also , this game is not enjoyable at all . It 's not even a game , it 's more like a full time job . Trying to gain levels is like trying to convince waiting for your hair to grow . Also , once you have spent 2 hours gaining 500 exp -LRB- its is 5600 exp to gain a level at higher levels -RRB- , and then die and lose 700 you will be very angry . This is when you look over at the clock and realize you just spent 2 hours to lose 200 exp , wow that 's fun !!! So , ignore all the other positive reviews of this game cause it truly is horrible . Also , I have been a fan off the FF seris until 10 . 10 sucked , so did 10-2 , and so will 12 . In fact Square Enix sucks , Square needs to break away from Enix and start making quality games like FF7 again . Anyway , if you have no ambition and want nothing more than to sit in front of a computer all day then please get this game . If you would rather enjoy yourself get a normal RPG that has a plot , not an MMORPG .
 My problems with this game are that if you play as an amarican there is no server for you . Your forced onto a server with people who dont understand you or you them with a small translation tool that is hard to use and hardly solves the mass problems of all the people who you dont understand being a million times higher leveled then you or domanateing the econemy . In my opinon this game really treats you as tho your second class for being amarican and becuse of that I canceled my account after the first week . Haveing there team with better support and new servers for the amarican population would have helped but that was the choice they made .
 I played this game from the beta , then of course bought the retail to keep playing with the friends i had made . After playing for a while i noticed a severe flaw in the game design ... there are only about 8 types of creatures in the game . All they did was change the monsters pictures a tiny bit -LRB- say a different weapon in hand or a different color -RRB- throughout the first 60 lvls of the game i noticed this . I would be fighting beetles then crabs and goblins at lvl 11 , then them again at lvl 40 , beetles again , then at lvl 51 ... beetles YET again , with goblins . Basically i think square rushed too much to make this game and didnt think to put in the monster variety that all the other FF titles have had .
 Everything the reviewers say about the rich graphics , the realistic and pretty characters , and the depth of complexity is absolutely true about this game . If it is the case that you are deeply dedicated to the concept of the MMORPG , you have immense time to explore and learn the details of play -LRB- probably you are 18 or under or unemployed -RRB- , and you really feel determined to succeed this game may be the world that suits you . When I want to log in and play a game however , I want it to be a simple and light escape from reality . I want to be able to easily role play , level at will , and enjoy the comradeship of my friends.The only way I can review this is to make a comparison to the other MMORPG I play which is Ragnarok Online . When I started that , I am immediatly surrounded by the people playing , the controls and navigation were easy to grasp , and the game was left very open on how one wishes to play . The replay value was immense -- log in , level a bit , talk to your friends , make your characters how you want . For a busy person , it is the perfect escape.FFXI however did not give me this luxury ; it was tiresome learning how to play ; you do not meet people immediatly on entry nor that much making the atmosphere incrediably lonely ; you are not given a lot of freedom how you wish to level -LRB- you MUST find large parties -RRB- ; the game was so complex and the options given to you so numerous that it somehow made me feel I was at the desk of a job rather than having fun with a game . This review therefore is nor for the MMORPG fans out there that know what FFXI may entail but more for busy that may be looking to play as they have been introduced to the fun of FF before . I was amazed at the skill of the creators of this game , but I was not able to have fun .
 At first Final Fantasy XI online was fun , for about 2 weeks . Then you realized that all it was about was leveling up , and up , and up . Okay , you fought different monsters , used different weapons , fight with different groups but just to do the same thing the same way . More then half the time you spend online you spend waiting for a party , because after you reach a certain level , you depend on everyone all the time just to survive . You also need a super computer to run this game WITH lag and if you want it without lag , prepare to spend about $ 600 in computer parts.After our 30 day free trial was up , we canceled . They took the money out of our account two weeks later anyway and would n't refund it . So you decide ... I think its bad , boring , and a ripoff .
 ok you guys need to stop freaking complaining this is not a review this is a shut up post . I havent played the game but I am planning on it , but me unlike you are going to try it out before buying it to solve the stupidity of not liking it . You complain about crappy graphics , get a new video card noob . It says that you need a GeForce video card , if you dont know , your an idiot . So stop your guys complaining it aint gon na get you anywhere , you say all the final fantasies are boring like this one why buy this one if you think all the others are boring . Get a life .
 Ok , if you 've played Final Fantasy games before and you want to know what this one is like ... Load up any other Final Fantasy game . Call over 2 of your friends that also like FF games . Everyone picks a character to be `` theirs . '' When a battle starts , you only get to control `` your '' character . When it 's someone else 's turn , give the controller to them . `` What if my friends ca n't come over and play ? '' you ask . Well then you ca n't play either . `` What if my friends are idiots and screw everything up ? '' you ask . Then everything is going to be screwed up . `` Even when everything is going well , this is only 1/3rd the fun of getting to play 3 characters . '' you say . Yes , you are correct.And now you have figured it all out without paying $ 50 -LRB- + whatever extras you might have bought -RRB- . You 're welcome .
 This game does n't compare to World of Warcraft . Final Fantasy should never have gone online because it ruins the whole series . FFX2 was bad enough ... Be a sport and switch over to WoW and see what a MMORPG is really made of .
 To begin with this is not the ` final ' fanatasy . Its about time they dropped that stupid name.This is a playstation game . If you own a playstation , and your a kid , you might like this game . If your a PC owner , do NOT buy this game ! The cotrols are the WORST of any game Ive ever played ! The game itself looks barren . It ca n't hold an unlit candle to Everquest . Its funny just how many Everquest copies there are and they have all failed in one way or another.Biggest problem is that it is a playstation game , meaning the graphics and controls are designed for that format . Oh yea the install and registraion process lasted 3 and a half hours ! Im not joking here ! I have a fast machine with a DSL line , 3 and a half hours !!! After you install it which takes around an hour , the ENTIRE game is then resent to you over the interenet . Then there is a very annoying thing you have to do . Basically you put in your name and address and codes twice , since there are a few companies running things for Square Enix.You WILL be playing the game with 7 year olds . Anyone whos played EQ knows that you stay away from the kiddies . The character graphics in this game seem to be designed to appeal to a 7 year old Japanese girl who likes Hello Kitty.Enough said , Play Everquest , Galaxies or Anarchy Online . Those are the leading games for PC multiplayer . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 You know how the producers talk about being in a party the whole time and over 1 mil people are playing ... LIES . when i played FFXI i only saw at least 3 Real people not counting the useless NPCs . THis Game is the worst game i have played since Oregon Trail 1 . Get Star Wars Galaxies .
 this game is bad ... frist it had four cds to download each cd had about almost 30 minutes of download time ... but the longest down load time is for the fourth cd it had 2 hour down load time . after all of that i tryed to play it and my computer doesnt have the right graphic card and the place i bought it from will not take it back so now i have a box to look at . . be warned do NOT get the game untill you know if your computer has the games needs ...
 Man this game sucked . I played Clay fighter and it is soo much better . The graphics are better in Clay Fighter cause the characters really look like clay . In FF XI none of the characters look like prime . That is why the sound is bad . I like clay fighter cause it is better than FF XI . The fighters really look like clay . I beat the game 3 times and it was better than the first level of FF XI . That is why the sound is better in clay fighter . In clay fighter you can hit things . In FF XI you can not . I was dissapointed in how much this was not clay fighter . The music in clay fighter is awesome . In FF XI you shoot things , that is why the sound is better in clay fighter . I almost beat clay fighter once and it was good . You can not beat FF XI cuz it is stupid and cheap . That is why the sound is better in Clay fighter . FF XI is a stupid name for the main hero and the graphics are not good . I like gamecube but this game is not good . go buy Clay fighter . Cuz it is better than a bowl of ice cream in my ass . That is why the sound is better .
 I just have to say , this si the worst game ever made in the history of mankind . All the quests are soooooooo boring and pointless . I have a certain unnamed friend who is obsessed with this game and it baffles me , because he should be playing SW : G instead . He 's mad , I tell you ! If I were him , I 'd be worshiping Natalie Portman nonstop 24 hours a day rather than wasting his time with a pointless chat fest . Natalie Portman was supposed to come over my friend 's house but then she abandoned me ! I forgive her , though . Who ca n't ? Anyway , enough baabling . In the immortal words of Arwen -LRB- pretty , but Natalie is a goddess next to her -RRB- , `` lasto beth nin , dolo nan naglad '' My friend take these words to heart and abandon his childish whims ... and Natalie is ... -LRB- gah ! * dies * -RRB-
 can not say this game is super-fun & interesting , as of yet ; only because , tho , came packaged as NEW !!! did come w / 4 out of 5 discs-for game play !! . . HOWEVER , THE MOST FUN PART !! . . DISC WHICH HAPPENED TO BE LEFT OUT -- MAIN DISC -- -LRB- PLAYONLINE VIEWER DISC -RRB- . . luckily , after couple hours of searching ONLINE for PLAYONLINE DOWNLOAD , were able to get game purchased set up on computer !! . . UNFORTUNATELY , GAME STILL CAN NOT BE PLAYED ; BECAUSE NECESSARY CODES NEEDED FOR INSTALLATION/GAME PLAY . . INVALID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . . ** soo , even tho , price was great ; getting EVERTHING TOGETHER/SETUP can cause a headache !! **
 I 've been playing this game for about a week now and I have never seen a worse interface for a MMPORG . The windows are all static and are very `` modal '' and obviously directly converted from the console version . A completely unhelpful manual is included in the game , but finding the information you want or need is next to impossible . The only saving grace is that there are a large number of web sites which have information on how to do the things that the included manual left out . Three examples spring to mind that demonstrate the poor interface and the worse manual : Crafting . There 's no information in the manual about how to craft . This is supposed to be an integral part of the game , but there 's nearly no information on it in the manual . The actual process of crafting is very unintuitive . You have to find crystals of various types dropped from mobs . You use the crystal and a window pops up . You click or press enter on a space and then select the ingredient to put in that spot . Repeat until the recipe is complete and then tell it to make the item . Oh , and do n't forget to write down the recipe , they are n't stored anywhere in game.The second thing that comes to mind is the login process . You do n't actually start anything called `` Final Fantasy '' or anything like it . You start the Play Online client . Then , you log into that . A couple of screens in , if you chose the correct options in the previous two screens , you can choose the game you want to play . FFIX loads up -LRB- no Window Mode and Alt Tabbing out crashes the game -RRB- and while some incredibly annoying music plays , you can choose the character you want to play and then what name is associated with the character and then , and only then you can start playing the game . Square Enix has taken a process which takes about 3-5 steps in other games and refined it into a process taking about 10-15 steps.The third example is the friends list . You have to either be in a group with someone or be able to search for them -LRB- no dice if they are n't online -RRB- , then once you successfully search for them , you send them a message asking them to be your friend . Then , make sure you tell your friend that you sent them a message since there 's almost no way to find out otherwise.Many of the characters are moronic . You have a thing called a `` Moogle '' in the free apartment you are given with your character . I swear , if this thing calls me `` kupo '' one more time I am going to scream ! The Tarutaru NPCs all have annoying speech defects that really make you want to slap them . Oh and the free apartment * can * be decorated , but that 's sort of a moot point since nobody else can visit it . In Star Wars Galaxies , you can go into other people 's houses and see how they 've decorated . Does n't seem to be a way to do that here.Characters are undifferentiated . A level 10 Mithra Monk is the same as every other level 10 Mithra Monk in the game . The only variation is appearance -LRB- Face , Hair and Size -RRB- and equipment . Further differentiation is available as you can take sub-jobs that will modify your character and grant you extra benefits and limitations.Now , the game does have its good points . It 's extremely stable . I have n't had a single crash since I started playing it , and that 's really saying something . The graphics are pretty decent . I have a fairly high end system and with all the options turned up as high as possible , I can definitely say that the graphics do n't suck . The upside to the unchallenging graphics is that the game is virtually lag free , which is a refreshing change.As a final note , I feel that this game is mostly counting on the Final Fantasy name to generate sales . It will likely bring a number of people into the MMPORG world who would n't have tried it otherwise . I just wish they had done something more creditable for the name .
 First of all Square soft seems to be unable to create a PC game . I believe they spend too much time trying to figure out how to make players life miserable.They did n't though it would be a good idea to burn a new CD but it would be better for you to have a 1 hour patch on a T1 connection -LRB- 56K modem this should be around 3-4 hours -RRB- . If you are lucky because their connection S. . . and you will certainy have to try 2-3 time before you patch -LRB- 48 hours on DSL for me -RRB- . This is n't a windows application , if you receive an AIm the game crash , if you want to look at your email the game crash , etc. . . if the game is n't in focus 100 % of the time , you are out.It 's impossible to choose your server if you do not buy a world pass , if you want more than 1 avatar you have to pay extra.the Play Online service is ridiculously complex and painfull.I wo n't pay the subscription , I wo n't pay the zillion extra cost needed just to have a fun experience.Square Soft just lost a huge fan with that greedy crap .
 I love MMORPGs , but I have limited time , so that makes joining groups rare for me . With this kind of game it pretty much requires you to group . Also , when you buy this game , do n't plan on playing it the same day . It took over 5 hours to install , register and download all the updates . This is on an athlon 64 with 1.5 gigs of ram and a cable modem . The whole Playstation interface is just horrible for a computer game , and the constant loading of areas really kills the feel of this game . Also , the need to load each different area has caused me to die several times , because the game has a tendancy to load you right next to monsters . Also , there is no real exploring of this game unless you are at least the level of surrounding monsters . Anything with a higher level than you have WILL kill you , unfortuntely doing anyhting as simple as checking the level of the monster you are fighting requres several clicks of the mouse . Oh , forgot to mention that there seem to be about 3 monsters per area , and they go from extremely weak , to extremely powerfull . You ca n't tell how powerfull a monster is going to be untill it kills you.Overall this game was just horrible . I spent about a month playing it every chance I had and in the end I felt cheated of my time and money . It was more frustrating than fun , but I kept thinking if I get to the next level it wil be more fun . Well , it never got fun .
 On the surface , there 's nothing wrong with this game . But there 's nothing particularly right about it either.The game offers the traditional massive online role playing features , classes , races , levels , abilities , etc. . . You go on missions and quests , all in an effort to gain experience and raise your character 's level . In that there 's nothing new here . The measure of any RPG is how much fun it is in the effort of improving your character.And that 's where the problem is . Truth is , this game just does n't make it fun . For those of you who cut your online teeth on a game like Neverwinter Nights , this game seems like something out of a bad Disney movie . You spend your first 10 levels killing rabbits . Yes , rabbits . Depending which `` world '' you start in , rabbits , sheep and fish will be your main enemies and they just keep spawing over and over again . My average experience earned was about 1000 points per hour , meaning it takes about 20 hours of straight farming -LRB- purely killing monsters -RRB- to make 10th . My time was about twice that because I just could n't bring myself to do only that.Now this might not be bad if you could work with others . Unfortunately , teaming up with people actually reduces the experience you get at this level , so you end up either soloing , or having someone power level you through the first 10 levels.Once you 've gone past level 10 , you are just about ready to move on to the big experience level places . For me , this was a place called the Dunes . This is where all the 10-20th level folks would hang out to pick up as much xp as possible . When I reached a point where I was powerful enough to go to the Dunes , I was very excited . Finally a place where I could team with other people and have some fun.Unfortunately , that 's not the way it worked out . The Dunes was just another form of farming . The method for earning xp is formulaic . The party forms a little camp somewhere . One of the players leaves the camp to find a monster and coax him to the waiting players . The players kill the monster and gain experience . Once dead , everyone rests and we start again . If you do it right , you move up fast . If you do it wrong , everyone dies . You do this for as many hours as you can in order to move up in level . This section is so formulaic , that even the levels of the party members must be calculated . If you are 12th level and you try to get in with a group of 10th leveler , be prepared to be turned down . Any level difference in the team impacts the experience gained , and the players know it.Which brings me to my next problem with the game . Random death . Unlike most other RPG 's where the monsters are usually hostile immediately upon seeing you , most of these creatures are not . That means that if you steer clear of the innately hostile creatures , you can run around your potential targets and choose who you want to attack and who you want to avoid . This usually means you assess your target , do some quick mental math and decide if your character is likely to survive and gain enough experience to make the battle worthwhile . That means picking creatures who will put up a good fight , but lose in the end.Once you get the hang of it , it works quite well -- until the random death arrives . Every once in a while , one of the more hostile monsters will come upon your combat and start beating on you . Now there 's two problems here . First , it 's hard to target the second creature in the combat . The game mechanics make it difficult to combat them both -- through the first 15 levels , I did n't get a single ability that allowed me to target multiple opponents . So , while you are busy trying to finish off your original opponent , the other one goes untouched . Of course the second problem is that when you did the math on the first creature , you did n't take into account creature number two . So , in all likelihood if you get double teamed like this , you are dead . Of course , with death comes penalty , which in this case is a massive loss of experience.Next problem with the game . The missions . NPC 's will hand you out missions and quests -- regardless of your ability to complete them . So , you get a mission and you try to get started on it , only to have someone tell you that you need to be 20 + to do it . Very annoying . Neverwinter typically simply told you to come back and check later when you were ready . Much preferable to finding out about all these missions you ca n't do.Next up , no PvP . That 's right , player vs. player simply does n't exist in this game . Now , I 'm not a big fan of hunting other players , but it 's a part of most RPG games and it being missing in this game really diminishes things . There 's just no real conflict . This game is so tame , that you ca n't even accidentally hurt another player!And finally , a complete lack of role playing . Just about everyone on the server plays in their own persona , not bothering to create a character persona . Oh there are a few exceptions , but if you try to role play , most do n't bother to play back and some do n't even understand what you are doing ! I was very disappointed to say the least.To sum up this game , it comes simply down to this . The game creators have put together a game where the players must jump through specific hoops and do specific things in order to advance in the game . The end goal is clearly to ensure that each player plays the game for a specific amount of time that equates to a specific profit margin for the game maker . -LRB- You pay a monthly fee to play this game . -RRB- This game may play well for PS2 gamers , where online play is something new and amazing , but for those of us who have spent years playing them on the PC , this game fails to measure up in every important way . When you purchase the game you get a free month of gameplay . I did n't last more that two weeks before I shut it off and went back to Warcraft . -- UPDATE -LRB- 1 month later -RRB- Still not playing this terrible game . Dove deeper into World of Warcraft and wow is it cool . If you 've bought this game already , return it if you can . If you have n't , do n't ! I have a buddy who is deep into this game and even he 's tired of the hoops . This guy actually has to rush home from work to make sure he gets home in time to log on and feed his virtual plant ! I mean really , I like video games , but that 's getting outta hand !
 I have a lot of opinions so let me just list them plain and simple.This is not a bad game , but it is essentially a playstation 2 game on your computer with all the good and bad things that come along with it . Let me begin with the bad so we can end on a high note . - horribly low resolution graphics . Everything looks grainy , with the distance looking horrible - just a bunch of moving squares that make you sick . The textures are lower res and look terrible upon getting too close . So PC users , welcome back to the long gone days of big square pixels that have been gone for so long . I 'm sure this game looks great on a tv from ten feet away . - the navigation of menus and chat do n't appear to have been changed either . And the manual mentions nothing about being able to use a gamepad which would be much better suited to the task . So yeah , just imagine trying to play a typical final fantasy game with a mouse ... its not fun . And to bring up menus which you would normally do with a button you push things like '' - '' or `` Ctrl I '' . And these menus and chat windows all take up an absurdly large ammount of the screen because of the low resolution . There is no transparency option , and there are only about eight window backgrounds to select from ... no of which are subtle . And you can not type in numbers with the keyboard . You have to use arrows to select how much gold to bid at the auction house . - There is a lack of races , and variation in the races . Everybody is going to look about the same for the most part . There are ten different faces to choose from , of which nobody will ever really notice the difference in real gameplay - There is no guild support . There are no guilds in town for character classes . And there are no player guilds . This is a huge mistake imo , as it makes players have even less control over their world , and is going to significantly take away from the late game . Yeah , you can use your linkshell or whatever , but why not just put in full guild support like most people would want - Lack of zone chat make for a very solitary experience , and the fact that nobody wants to group . Zones are overcrowded , there are too few monster spawns , and monsters do not spawn often enough . Noob zones should be swarming w / monsters so noobs can lvl up and get out . Noob zones are swarming with players . - Its just not that fun . The game feels sluggish . Movement speed feels slow . Characters can only manage to swing at a monster every couple/few seconds . The difficulty in leveling up - it feels equivalently slow as everquest - makes combat boring as initial characters have very few skills so every battle is almost identical , and slow at that . Some dungeons would certainly add to the game as well . If they are there , great , but I have n't seen any . And if its one of those things that you have to wait until higher lvls to do ... well I am sick of rpg 's that are suppossed to get `` fun '' once you reach x level . They should be fun from the start . This feeling of being a great adventurer is not helped by the fact that you are killing bunny rabbits , worms , sheep , and such . I have played several characters up to lvl 10 . So I 'm sure there is better stuff later , player grouping , and more fun , but would it kill them to make the beginning of the game fun ? - Steep learning curve . Useless manual . Playing the game essentially requires accessing 3rd party websites for information . Stupid quests and abusrdly difficult quests that could never reasonably be completed without help from the web.The goods - Its final fantasy . . come on . Graphics are creative and the monster models are good . - The towns are filled with npc 's which makes for a good feel as opposed to some rpg 's with vacant towns . The towns are also large . - Save points near many exits of towns so you do n't have to walk forever . - Its a hell of a lot better than many other mmorpgs ... but not good enough for me to play anymore . I guess I 'll get back to waiting for Blizzard to finish WOW.There is just nothing in this game to draw me in and hold me . The game feels very static and sterile . I guess its just like playing your typical final fantasy game only it moves much more slowly , combat is not as fun , and there is not any story line , or atleast one that moves quickly enough to care about.Frankly I just do n't think pc users will put up with the shortcomings of a console designed game . If it were made for pc and slimmed down for the playstation that 'd be fine . But the other way just does n't fly , because pc users expect a lot more than this .
 This review should begin with saying that this game is very pleasant and has many positives . However , overall , this is not exactly what I think a game should be , and could be improved in many ways . I have played every Final Fantasy game ever released in America , and I beat every one . Also , I have played many RPG games in my life and a few online ones as well.With that said , let me say this game holds very true to the general scheme of FF . You have to walk before you get Chocobos , and later you can ride airships . Also , all spells and potions in this game are the same as other FF games . The graphics are very nice and can be highly intensive or lowered for non-top-of-the-line machines . Also , people from all over the world play and there is a language translator so it can be neat to play with someone from Japan . -LRB- This also has many negatives which I will discuss later . That is about the extent of the positives for this game.The Problems with FFXI : -- This game is painfully slow to do anything . Every step of the game requires some mission which can take many houres per mission to complete . + All missions can not be undertaken until you are a certain level , which takes some time to level . + However , you must also obtain fame doing certain quests before you can do many missions . These quests are very boring and feel more like a chore than like you accomplish anything . You have to the same quest many times over to obtain any reasonable amount of fame . + Also , you must develop a `` trade skill '' like smithing to be able make any amount of money call gil . Buying the needed materials to level in your skill is ridiculous and takes weeks to truly level up . -- The PC 's in FFXI are not near as friendly or as helpful as most online games . I believe this is due to the difficult nature and length of time it takes to do anything . People are so busy with their own characters , that they do n't feel they have time to help . Also , if they wanted to show you how to do something , it takes over 1 hour of their time , because walking anywhere is very slow . Also , half the people online do not speak English so they can not help because the translator does not work with regular speach . You have to choose which words to say from a list which is too small.To summarize , you have to do so many things to be well accomplished in FFXI that it no longer feels like a game and only feels like a job . DO NOT THINK YOU CAN SIT AND PLAY FOR LESS THAN 2 HOURS AND ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING . This is a long slow game that requires tons of time to enjoy . I love all FF games , but this is no game , its a job . ALSO , DO NOT THINK YOU CAN MAKE IT FAR IN THIS GAME WITHOUT LOTS OF HELP FROM STRATEGY GUIDES . The NPCs do not give enough info on how to do the different missions , and the PCs are too busy to help you . People only talk when they are in a party and then it is only about what monster to draw in next .
 Ok - by the tiume you have reached my review , you 'll have a good idea of what this is all about.Forget the payment methods , even forget the graphics and music and actual gameplay.Lets get right down to it.What is it that you want from a game ? For me , there are 2 options ; 1 . to have fun , or 2 . To burn time.FFXI really does n't offer much in the form of fun - it is a real grind to achieve anything , and when you think you have - bamm ! You realise you have n't at all , or even come close . Its quite simple ; you will spend a LOT of your time , just finding out how things work ; but these are things that you will NEED to know , to function properly within this virtual world.Ok - Lets set this out .1 . To play this game you need to be in a team .2 . People within this game are very strange ; you will come across very weird , angry , obsessed , nerdy -LRB- or a combintation -RRB- 3 . There is -LRB- believe this or not -RRB- a racism within the game linked to the inherent abilities of each race . I.e , A Tarutaru ca n't make a good warrior , or a Galka a good mage . Other players will identify the oddness of these combinations with varying results . Often negative .4 . When teaming , you will NEED to be properly kitted out with the appropriate gear for your race and job and level - which will improve your abilities and thus the team 's ability to defeat mobs and gain xp . It should be noted that the gear you will need is not easy to find , make or purchase and will get progressively tougher as you gain levels .5 . Everything in this game take an inordinate amount of time . People have mentioned how you have to walk everywhere , or ride a chocobo -LRB- Once you have done the time-consuming mission to gain a licesnse -RRB- - what I would like to add , is how SLOW walking is - even by chocobo , the speed is n't greatly improved . However , by the time you are able to ride chocobos , you will appreciate the a pace which otherwise you might feel was pointlessly long .6 . The mobs you fight look the same . You will fight the same mob over and over and over and oevr - again . SOmetimes you will be defeated doing this , sometimes you will not . But while you level , you will kill , face , fight , be beaten by - the same type of mob again and again .7 . The game ecomony is over inflated . When you kill a mob , sometimes it will drop Gil -LRB- in game currency -RRB- This amount of Gil it drops , even for a difficult mob that you have had to take down in a team , is minimal . You can not buy anything with it - it is peanuts . The same for anything in this game , in game returns for effort put in are not rewarded appropriately . To gain what you will need , you will need to put in hours and hours of your time , just , for example to purchase a sword , or a pair of boots - so your character will be able to function properly when fighting , for example .8 . You are on your own . The game offers no inforamtion whatsoever on how to make the best of the experience . You will need to search websites to obatin VITAL inforamtion on what you will need to do in most situations . Failure to be aware of the infinte possibilities , will likely end up with yourself being called a n00b.I could go on - What I would like to say is that if , for whatever reason , you are unable to form a social life , you are house-bound or for some reason are able to sit in front of your PC/Ps2 for 5-6 hours pers day -LRB- This is the amount of time you will need to feel a sense of achievement with each sitting -RRB- - then this game will be for you . You will be able to immerse yourself within it , and find that the only thing you will need from the real world is food and sleep -LRB- although , you will probably go without on many occasions and blame the real world for this -RRB- For those that want a fun experience - go elsewhere , I implore you and warn you to do so . You will never get a sense of accomplishment from this game , and so this game for you will never be fun . It is aimed at being something just beyond your reach to induce you to continue playing - that is all . It is a grind beyond all reason , unless of course , you are not playing it for the end-game , becasue you do n't want to finish it.Gaming is a recreational pastime , do n't make your life become one .
 I enjoyed this game at the earlier levels , but as I progressed into the 20s I found the game to be a bit monotonous . There is A LOT of downime - waiting for mages to get mana , waiting to find the perfect monster , etc. . Basically , there is a lot of waiting . I read an entire book -LRB- Runaway Jury -RRB- while waiting inbetween kills . That is the largest complaint I have , but I 'm not the most patient person in the world either . Another problem I had was that because the game has been in Japan for awhile , all the Japanese players are a very high level and they `` Farm '' a lot of items . There is no such thing as a camp , nor is there such a thing as respecting a group who has waited patiently for a special monster to pop . Once a monster is attacked once than nobody else can attack it -LRB- thus preventing kill stealing -RRB- . However , when a lvl 70 is able to claim a monster before a party is able to do anything then it can be argues what kill stealing exactly is . I ran into this a few times , thus I mention it.On the positive side , the graphics were absolutely AMAZING ! This game by far has better graphics than any other game I 've played . With a nice suped up computer and graphics card , the views are truly spectacular . Additionally , the game has a continuous storyline , which adds to the gameplay.When I break the game down to its simplest form I see that it is EQ with a lot more downtime , less treasure and items , and a longer time to level -LRB- which is what you will be trying to do at all times regardless of whatever anyone else says -RRB- . I enjoyed the game , however I have become tired of it within a month . For perspective - I played EQ for about 11/2 yrs . before I became tired of it -LRB- I compare this game to EQ , because I know many ppl have played EQ -RRB- . I hope this review helps !
 My heart raced and dinosaurs danced the Hula in my stomach as I tore off the packaging of what I hoped to be my newest MMORPG fix . After devouring my dinner -LRB- yes , yes , I was stuck with one of those bodies that require food to survive -RRB- so that I could devote a few full uninterrupted hours to FFXI , I popped in the disc marked FFXI Disc One ... So I inserted the wrong disc , stop laughing . After inserting the correct CD , the PlayOnline installer was doing its thing to my delight . An hour or so had passed by the time all five discs were finished installing.Play time ! ... Er , or not . I forgot about the registration process . No big deal , though , I was used to it after two years on Dark Age of Camelot and Star Wars Galaxies
 If you 've read all the reviews here at Amazon on this game , you 're probably pretty confused . Some people claim it 's the greatest MMORPG ever . Others say it 's the most boring and time consuming they 've played . If you 're looking to buy this game , it 's hard to make that decision based on the conflicting information . I doubt my review will help as it 's based on my experience only . This is exactly the nature of this game , you either love it or hate it.Unfortunately for me , this game did not live up to my expectations . However , I 'd like to start on the positives . Firstly , the game 's graphics are pretty good . There are three main base cities to start off in -LRB- there are other cities that you can explore to , but your ranks and missions are generally based on the three base cities -RRB- . The environment changes dramatically in the different zones , it 's refreshing to just take some time and explore the different scenery in the game.This game is also huge . I 've played it for a couple of months and I doubt I 've seen more than 50 % of the world . Add to that , the recent expansion makes the game even more mammoth . This also has a negative , I 'll address it later . FFXI features all you 'd expect in a MMORPG . You have your different skills , you can multi-skill when you reach a specific level . You also have `` crafts '' which are side skills that you can do , e.g. fishing , farming , etc. . The depth in this game is mind boggling . The number of side skills -LRB- I believe there are eight or nine -RRB- all have their own levels.Currency is also traded with something called gil . You need gil to get anywhere in this game . FFXI is heavily cooperation inclined . You can not play this game solo and reach anywhere . Anyone who says this would either be lying or have absolutely nothing else to do in their life . This is both a positive and a negative . The positive being it encourages players to group together , share knowledge and play together . The negatives being there 's always competition to find the best groups . People also tend to clique together and play separately from the whole community.I should note that FFXI is played amongst several servers . When you create your character , you are randomly placed on a server . You can not move from one server to the other , this is your server for life . If you want to play on the same server as your friends , you must buy -LRB- with gil , not real money -RRB- something called a `` Worlpass '' which your friend can enter when they 're creating their account . I have no problem with this system , I understand it 's necessary for the maintenance of the popularity of this game.In the game , there 's a wide range of armor and weapons that can be bought or retrieved . In your character 's class , there are tons of spells and skills to be learned at periodic levels . The battle system is similar to most FF games however the speed of the battles greatly depends on your equipment . I like the battle system , personally I find it very flowing.On to the negatives , and there are many . As I mentioned earlier , the game is huge . This brings me to my greatest grievance with FFXI . It takes far too long to reach anywhere without the help of higher level spells or items -LRB- Airship -RRB- . I 'm sure the drop out rate with this game is high for new players . You can spend fifteen to twenty five minutes walking from one area to the other . I personally found myself spending more time walking than fighting . That 's what drove me to stop playing.Another big negative is the variety of mobs . There 's a very limited number of mob classes available . Most zones are limited to only three or four different mob classes of varying strength . This makes fighting extremely repetitive , you are fighting the same looking thing each time . Every city has '' -LSB- insert name -RSB- crab '' , '' -LSB- insert name -RSB- worm '' , '' -LSB- insert name -RSB- fly '' that ALL look the same . The developers really failed in providing variety to players , especially since this game requires hundreds of hours to achieve mighty levels . A related negative would be the fact you have to consider every mob as you have no idea of the mob 's strength if they look alike , even in the same room.Big negative number three relates to people selling gil for real money . Yes , it plagues all MMORPGs , however most companies try to do something to clamp down on it . Square has done absolutely nothing to try to control the sale of gil for money . What this has caused is the cost -LRB- in gil -RRB- of items to be sky high to due the easy availability of gil to those who are willing to spend money for it . This makes the game extremely difficult for the average player who simply gains gil from killing , quests and trading items . FFXI is centered around trading items with other players -LRB- there 's a central auction house for this -RRB- that you ca n't get around playing without buying your equipment . I 'm not sure if it 's related to the gil selling , however all the rare item drops are `` camped '' by dozens of people . The average player will never be able to achieve a valuable item without buying it.Finally , because you ca n't solo in this game , you need to find yourself some friends to play with . If you ca n't join a group -LRB- called linkshells -RRB- , you will be spending minutes or hours waiting to join parties . The number of hours required to reach anywhere in this game is ridiculous . That 's probably why so many people are either terribly addicted to this game or absolutely frustrated . Unfortunately for me , FFXI was n't for me . It 's too demanding on time and far too repetitive for me . There are some people this game appeals to , I 'm certainly not one of them . If all the negatives I mentioned seemed negligible to you , perhaps you should give it a try .
 Let me start off by saying I 've played a lot of mmporgs . Played EQ , AO , DAOC and SWG . So ... . I 'm use to the leveling treadmill.I played this game for roughly 4 months before I could n't handle it anymore . It was more like a job than a game . I did n't mind the insane amount of exp it required . In a good group you could get 100-200 exp per kill . I even did n't mind the lack of monster animations . What got me were the time sinks they placed in the game.There are tons of time sinks designed to slow down your leveling . All 20 + missions and quests literally take hours . If you want to travel faster -LRB- Choccobo ? Airship ? -RRB- you have to do a very lengthy quest . You want to level past 40 ? Another lengthy quest . You want to get to the new expansion areas ? Another lengthy quest . Even though experience points are hard to come by , leveling to 70 + would n't be so bad if they would just let you level rather than throw up several road blocks.My major gripe with the game are the astronomical prices of items in the game . Equipment , spells , temporary buffs -LRB- needed if you want your group to be efficient -RRB- and travel all cost money . Items cost so much that you are forced to farm and look for monsters who drop specific items . You do n't usually gain gil when you experience so farming is a necessity if you want to keep your equipment up to date . I spent just as much time killing monsters , that did n't give me experience , for gil as I did killing monsters for experience . You want that new spell ? That new piece of armor ? Chances are it will take you 2-10 hours of farming to afford just one item .
 No one seems to be mentioning the major problem I have with this game . So I guess I will.I bought this game when it first came out two or three years ago . Spent 50 bucks on it at EbGames . I was so excited , I started downloading right away . After 4 or 5 solid hours -LRB- at least -RRB- , I finally got to start playing.It 's a good game , do n't get me wrong , but being only 15 and not wanting to plunk down a week of my allowance a month for a game I could only play for an hour or so at a time -LRB- it was on the family computer , plus I had school work -RRB- . I thought , `` Well I 'll probably play it again someday . '' So I deleted my account , so my mom 's card would n't be charged anymore and I would n't have to fork over the money to play each month.Fast forward 2 years . I have my own computer and my own credit card , so I break the game out again . I have more time , I 'm out of school , not yet in college . So what the hell ? I 'll give it another shot . But first , I read the first few pages of the hefty 144 page instruction booklet.On page 11 , I believe , these words are written under the section `` CAUTION ! About Your Member Information ''
 My mistake was not bying this game , it was very fun . In fact I had fun playing it for a long while . But after a while I got bored and decided to temporarily stop paying $ 15 a month for my one character . Apparently Square Enix did n't like that idea and after three months of not playing , permanently cancelled my account . Forever . Now this I 'm sure is not the only case of this happening because when I called up the company and asked for their help they told me that was their normal policy . They told me to go and buy ANOTHER copy of the game if I wanted to play it so much . I feel that I have been ripped off . I 've payed for the game at full price but now that means nothing.WARNING
 If you prefer online games to have some soloable content , do n't even bother with this one . If you have no problem with being helpless on your own ... you may like it . I myself like to have at least SOME content that I can do on my own for times when circumstances keep me from being able to play non-stop for hours on end . I enjoy playing with groups , but I hate being forced into it . The majority of the time I spent on this game was just sitting there doing nothing , waiting for a party to form . None of the parties that I did find were even worth bothering with . It 's pretty irritating to spend 2 hours hunting a party only to find out within 15 mins . of joining the party that either 1 . -RRB- Everyone was going to be dead within the next 15 mins . or 2 . -RRB- We were going to make even less exp than the laughable amount I could make solo . Also the game control is the absolute worst that I have ever seen in any game , ever . If you are thinking of buying this game be sure to research it a lot before you do . If you ca n't spend 3 hours uninterrupted at the computer , I definately would n't recommend it .
 Wow , this game is so bad it 's pathetic , I do n't know why it 's so popular.Well , this was the first MMPORPG I 've tried . One of my best friends is totally addicted to this games , he 's put in something like 3000 or 4000 hours of play time in the last 8 months ! 3000-4000 hours ! He 's got a bunch of high level characters , but probably has n't done much more than half of the possibilities . He basically works , then comes home and plays this game , which is his life . It 's hard to get him to anything but work and play this game . I 'm a huge fan of the Final Fantasy series , and watched my friend play it sometimes . I had my doubts after watching him play it , but I gave it a try so I could spend a little time with my friend in the virtual world . It seems to be like heroin for him , he often calls in sick to work , and does n't spend hardly any time with his friends and family . I 'm getting worried about him.I liked the other Final Fantasy games due to their interesting stories , lovely graphics , and variety of monsters . The fights got a little repetitive , but the story and variety of spells and attacks kept the games interesting . I 'm also a huge fan of RTS games like warcraft 3 , turn based strategy , and the Grand Theft Auto series.Well , anyway here 's the pros and cons.Pros : Pretty decent graphics and music , a lot of variety of terrain -LRB- which takes 20 minutes of walking to see a new area -RRB- . Lots of different options and things to do -LRB- 99 % of them are boring and extremely time consuming though as I 'll go into -RRB- Cons : You ca n't sell the game once you register it -LRB- it says so on the box at least -RRB- most games , if you do n't like them , you can at least sell them on ebay , not this one , what a rip-off ! They 'd get plenty of profit from their monthly fee , even if they let us sell used copies . $ 30 down the drain!Takes 5 hours to install , and 5 gigs of space on your hard drive!Extremely time consuming , it takes forever to walk anywhere new , like 20 minutes just to go to an area with tougher monsters than where you are . You spend most of the game just walking . Some jobs can teleport instantly from place to place at higher levels , put you 're talking hundreds of hours to get to that level!While theres a lot of things to do , most of them are very boring , like fishing , you sit there with a pole -LRB- which you have to equip instead of your weapon , often requiring a 20 minute walk back to your `` house '' as you have a very limited number of items you can carry , switch to fishin gear , and free up room for what you catch -RRB- , plus you have to wander all over the world to find different items and earn money to get the fishing gear you need , and the only reward is sitting there for hours with a pole , and being able to sell your fish for small amounts of money . Similar deals with making items and cooking . Very boring , very easy , just requires lots of patience.Quests and missions are lame , and have very small rewards . No experience earned for completing them , how lame!Almost no variety on monster graphics , they use the same graphics and give the monster a different name and toughness . I encountered maybe 9 different looking monsters in an area that took 30 minutes just to walk across !!! Monsters are easy to beat , almost no strategy involved , takes a few minutes to figure out the best fighting strategy but very time consuming to fight!Most jobs are n't very playable solo , it 's slower to gain levels solo , and it takes forever to find people for a `` party '' . Potions are extremely expensive , impossible to afford at lower levels . So you have to constantly rest ! In most RPG 's potions are cheap , so you do n't have to constantly rest or go to a store!It takes forever to level up , like about 2 hours if you 're lucky , and that 's for the first 12 levels , it gets much slower the higher you get , and that 's not including the time getting money for better equipment , which is essential for not dying against tougher monsters that you need to fight to level quickly . Monsters almost never drop money like in almost every RPG , so you have to constantly run 20 minutes to the nearest auction house to sell items , and you can only auction 7 items at a time , which often take days to sell . You 're basically forced to buy game money with real money -LRB- which is against the rules -RRB- , or beg higher level characters for money , or to do crafts or fish , mine , cook ect ... which are all extremely boring and time consuming!If you die you lose a bunch of experience , and are sent all the way to your home point , which is usually far off . Unless someone nearby has a raise spell , in which case you 're still crippled and useless for 5 minutes or so.This review is getting too long , I could rant forever about this awful game , but obviously some people like it , so it 's opinion I guess . You need lots of free time for this game , it 's not a game you can play an hour a day and accomplish anything . I think I pointed out how loooong everything takes enough . Be careful of addiction , this game is probably ruining a lot of peoples jobs and marriages , friendships , ect . Maybe it 's because it takes so long to do anything.I 'm a fairly heavy gamer , but I also have a girlfriend , a job , college and a life , and if you want to get anywhere in this game , you ca n't have a life .
 This game actually would be good if it didnt have a $ 13 dollar fee per month - just to play it . I have 15 other online games which have NO fees at all ! They just want your money and if you want to play they get a lot of it . After 10 months they will have earned $ 130 . Why not just price the game at $ 200 in the first place because eventually its going to cost that much anyway . This is the biggest rip off I 've really ever seen . If you can handle the fee , then I guess it 's an OK game . One more thing , there is no single player mode so when the servers go down in 10 years or so , you cant play this game at all . I cant believe how poorly they made this . Everything about this game is so bad , do not buy this . It looks great I know , wait until you get it , you 'll see .
 Really . This game is dead . Go buy World of Warcraft or EQ2 . Even with the latest `` expansion pack , '' the game is n't that fun and does n't offer a lot of innovation .
 First off , I would like to say that I am a big fan of FF series . I 've played the NES , SNES , GAMEBOY , PSX , etc version of this serie . I 've loved everyone of it.Secondly , I have played quite a few Massive Multiplayer Online games in the past 6 years or so . I really do enjoy the MMO atmosphere of interacting with other.Now for the review of this supposedly great title . I really anticipated this title to come on this side of the Pacific for a very long time . How can I go wrong with a title like Final Fantasy and Square.When it came out , I was a little dissapointed that there wo n't be any server on this side of the Pacific . I live on the east coast , that mean lag might be an issue because its basically on the other side of world that I am trying to connect to . At first I was goign to say screw it and forget about this title , however , something inside me told me that its Final Fantasy and I have to buy it ... foolishly I gave in to my inner demon desire.Oh cool , I got the game , stratergy guide and a nice mouse pad with poster also as a bonus . Opening the box reveal 5 CDs . So pop in the CD # 1 to run the setup , error ... you need playonline . Ok , no problem , look through the CDs found 1 that is by itself so pop that in . Install it . Register . Download the update , which download some 7000 + files ... That took around 45 minutes . Ok , its cool , I am almost done.So after around an hour total , I get to start installing the actula final fantasy game . Put in CD1 and install it . It stop and CD3 . CD4 is the expansion and have to be install separately . No problem . Took around another 35 minutes to install the 4 CDs . I have a P4-2 .5 GHz , 52x CD-rom , and 1g of ram . I am pretty sure if it will take you much longer if you have slower system.So after an 1hr 45minutes , I guess I am done and ready to play . WRONG !! . When I connect to FF XI , it start downloading patches again . This time around 1300 big files . Estimated time on the timer was 2 HOURS 10 minutes . The 1300 + files is rougly 2CD worth of data ... . so I let it run and hope I do n't loose connection or anything . After around 2 hours it was done . It took another 15 minutes or so for the 1300 files to install , will probably take longer on slower computer again.So after 4 hours of installation , I get to start the game . Error , ca n't play yet . Have to setup playonline handler and buy and id to create a character . WTF !?!!! is this ? Ok , I already wasted 4 hours , might as well do what it said . So bought an ID , it was free -LRB- did n't know that at first -RRB- . So another 1/2 hour of creating handler and setup id . I got my first character and on my way to adventure.Got pass the intro and start moving , accidentally hit the WINDOWs key , ERROR ! Program not in full window mode , terminated ... kick me back to playonline . Oops , np , I will just log back on . ERROR ... character in use , please try again later . WTF !!!!! Had to wait like 10 minutes , and was able to log back on again . Had to watch the whole freaking intro again for the character . The controll was inferior to any other PC games I have played . Basically this game is completely design to use the num-pad . A lot of the short key are on the num-pad . From open menu to movement , to enaging enemy ... The graphics are inferior to game such as Earth and Beyond.Anyway , I managed to find my way to the hunting ground . Killed a few mob and got a headache from the death of the 1/4 of my brain cells . I have no idea how Square managed to sell 400k copies of this title . I wonder how many of those 400k account is actually still subscribing after the first 30 days.Cons : - Pixelated graphic-Installation took around 5 hours on cable modem-Monthly cost is very high-Game control poorly design-Lack of MMORPG admostphere for some reason . Missing that spark that keep you playing.Pros : - It carry the Final Fantasy name in the title
 That is the most outragous thing i have ever heard u have to pay 50 $ to buy the game and then they exspect u to pay 12.00 $ a month !!!!!! and 1.00 $ each char . I undertstand that its alot of work to maintain it but u add up all of the money they exspect everyone to pay = 50 $ for the game +12.00 $ a month and then im shure u have to play it on dsl or higher so add on another 30-40 $ a month so all together u are paying 92-102 $ for the first month lol oh im sry they are nice enough to give u the first month for free lol WOW . I have been a gamer my hole life and i always thought 50-60 $ just for a game was a bit pricee but thats understandable thats onely a one time payment now they are monthly !!!!!! 5.00 $ a month would be more acceptable . If games keep on this path i dont see a good future for them :-LRB- sry .
 I have played quite a few mmorpgs and i got ta say , this one is the most annoying and tedious one out in the market . Just to give u a few examples . To ride a chocobo , you got ta be lv 20 , and u have to complete a quest to do it . To use the airships , you have to complete 6 missions , the last one is a ridiculously long ass quest . To be able to be an advance class -LRB- ninja , samurai , summoner , ranger , etc -RRB- you need to reach lv 30 first , and complete a quests . The worst thing of all , you got ta get to lv 18 and complete a quest just to get a subjob ! And you wan na know how hard this quests is ?? My group and i have just spent the last 3 hours trying to find 1 item , for this quest , and we have only found 1 . Square decided to make this 1 item , a rare drop , and on a mob that hardly ever spawns ! So let me say this again ! Do not buy this game . cause you will definitly start to hate it . I surely know that i am canceling .
 I played the Beta of this thing , what a waste of time . I 'll just start by saying I 've played all the Final Fantasy games previous to this one , many to the end , and enjoyed all of them.This is not a Final Fantasy game.You do n't control the combat , you just tell you character to start a battle , then stare at the screen . It takes like 4 hours to gain 1 level and many more to complete one quest.Sure the graphics look nice , but what are fancy graphics if the core gameplay is fundamentally flawed.Also it takes FOREVER to get anywhere in this thing . Prepare to spend 10 minutes just running across town to buy or sell all the useless garbage you collect from enemies . Speaking of items , there is a limit to how many you can carry . Just one more non-Final Fantasy aspect of this game . This means you 'll be making that long distance walk more often than you care to.Back on the subject of graphics , while everything does look nice -LRB- assuming you have a powerful graphics card -RRB- , it 's rather bland in design . You 'll come across a thousand shades of brown . Everything that is n't brown is green.One more thing , this is the game that keeps on taking as well . You 'll have to keep shelling out each month if you want to play this game . There is no single player mode . Not to mention you 'll not be able to play it twenty years down the road when the servers are gone line all your other beloved Final Fantasy games.Anyway , the final verdict is , do n't buy this looking for a Final Fantasy game . I suppose that if you 're into games like Everquest you may like this .
 No where on this website does it tell you that you ca n't play the game without paying a $ 12.95 monthly fee .
 I 'm gon na be frank with this , I love Final Fantasy . I 've beaten roughly every single one except for the Nintendo versions . When I heard of Final Fantasy XI it sounded like a great idea . How could a company with so much success in rpgs mess up this ? It became apparent to me.The Final Fantasy series was never meant to be an online RPG . This fact alone plagues the game because most people who end up playing this will try rationalizing all of its various problems based on the success of the series . For an MMORPG , though I hav n't played many , Final Fantasy is certainly top notch with an excellent quantity of things to do and people to interact with . So with that in mind , I shall list the pros and cons.Pros-With right video card and cpu , this game is dazzling to look atSo much to keep someone occupied such as smithing , woodworking , bone crafting , hunting , etc.Thousands of people to interact with on vast server ------------------------------------------- Cons-Final Fantasy fans are for the most part NOT MMORPG fansCombat is blandIt is near impossible to escape from battle without a certan thief move.Game is often too large , dying could mean at least ten minutes of walking to the destination you were at.Enemy variation in difficulty is sudden ; one could kick a certain enemies butt , and face another of the same type and get wrecked.For anybody with a cable modem or dsl , enjoy the lovely 2 hour download before you can even start the game . Thats assuming you dont have the download canceled in the middle of it like it did for me.Anybody who has 56k , dont even bother trying to play this game.Some quests are as simple as wearing something , while others require to kill hundreds of tough monsters to acquire four items that never seem to drop . ---------------------------------------------- Besides all that , if you are a fan of MMORPG 's , this game should please you for some time .
 First of all I do not own this game , but my brothers friend has brought it over lots of times and I am very impressed with it . Im not a big FF player and the only ones I really liked were FF I&II ; -LRB- Zelda is my playing field -RRB- . I was never crazy about how long the games were or how when youre trying to get somewhere you keep running into random villans and that for me just got plain out annoying . I also hate leveling up all the time -LRB- zzzzz -RRB- . Anyway , I LOVE this game . I love meeting people and chatting with em and helping each other out and stuff . That to me is the fun part . Plus the world is HUGE !!! I mean it takes forever to walk from one place to the next and 15minute boat rides -LRB- with some cool monsters that may attack on youre voyage -RRB- . If I were to get an online game Id get this . I like the fighting style better -LRB- you can fight if you want to but you dont keep running into random villans when you dont -RRB- plus its not that , you attack , they attack , you attack stuff . You just attack or run away . Anyway , awesome game and I am not a gamer by any means nor do I spend much time playing games . The only games I really play are the Zelda games but this is a rare gem . I would buy this game in a heartbeat BUT ... This KILLS the whole game !!! Ok ... first of all , the game is like 50 bucks . Before you can play it you have to have this special software that also costs like 50 bucks . Download takes about 4hrs or something . . thats not a big deal really but anyway ... Then you get a month free before they start chargeing 13 dollars a month . If you dont wan na be tieing up the phone lines , you better have DSL or something cause youll get hooked and block all your phones . Another 30 dollars or so . Ok , so most of that Im pretty ok with . Ill pay 50 dollars for a good game . Ill get thier dumb online modem thing . I already have DSL so no problem there . Ill even pay 13 bucks a month WHEN I FEEL LIKE PLAYING IT ! Well , that right there is extreamly high but it is pretty worth it ... except that say you dont feel like playin anymore so you stop your subscription . You have 3 months to come back to your account after that or they delete EVERYTHING . Ok not so bad ... just start over ... NOT ! If those 3 months expire , you also have to BUY THE GAME AGAIN ! Why ? Cause those greedy pigs just think about money and the way its set up , you cant sell , exchange , or play on someone elses machine with the same disc after you have downloaded the game on your modem . So once they delete everything , they delete your game too so now you got ta buy the game again and re-register . That is just stupid ! I am not a hardcore gamer and I dont really feel like sitting on my @ $ $ all day on a dumb video game anyway so for me , this is just not worth it . Especially if my game is useless after I stop playing . I like the online stuff but they really need to do something about the costs and set up cause that is rediculous . I have a couple war games that are FREE to play online . Also , with every online game , they need to have an offline version.Anyway , if you dont mind sitting on your butt all day and coughin up lots of dough , by all means get this game . However , if youre not a BIG gamer , pass on this . Its just not worth the cost plus if you stop playing you just have to go buy the game again the next time you wan na start back up -LRB- if you let the 3 months expire , which in my case would be very likely to happen -RRB- . If this game was like free to play online or something or a little cheaper , this game would have gotten 5 stars . But because of all money that goes into keepin this thing going , I gave it a 2 . They can do better than this but with how much money theyre making off this system , I doubt things are going to change .
 -LRB- NOTE
 I had , unfortunately , very high expectations of this game . I mean , Final Fantasy ... MMORPG ? Whoa ! The best of two worlds collide!Unfortunately , the result of the collision is a horrid mess . Square smashed this game out of the park graphically , and the sounds effects and music are decent too . Unfortunately as well , that 's where the positives stop . - The UI is awful and unintuitive . - Play control is ruthlessly cumbersome . - Players are -LRB- mostly -RRB- unhelpful to new players . - Race/Class combination is pretty boring . Each race has a `` best '' class and most people go that route . - Did I mention play control is horrible ? - The combat system is , also , unintuitive . I * highly * recommend playing a melee character as a first . Any casting class will be killed over , and over , and over . And apparently this is just blindly accepted . - The chat system is pesky . - Oh yeah ... the play control ? Do n't even get me started on it.Now , the reason I weighed Play Control so heavily is because , in ANY MMORPG , you 're going to spend a LOT of time traveling around . A * lot * . That , mixed with the horrible UI and combat system just make for a very frustrating experience . If you want a game with any sort of substance ? Do yourself a favor and check out World of Warcraft . Or even Dark Age of Camelot .
 FFXI started off as a great game ; huge world to explore , beautiful graphics , nice RPG feel . Until , I met my first death . And my death was n't later in the game , it was within the first 15 minutes ! My death was n't caused by my sucking at RPGs , but at the mobs themselves . It seems that unlike every other MMORPG out there that gives the player some kind of notice as to a mob 's strength by give it a different color name -LRB- blue = weak , red = can kill you with a sneeze -RRB- , FFXI decides to go a different route . I was killing wild hares when I incountered a forest hare . Since it looked just like the wild hares , I attacked it . BIG MISTAKE ! This furry little ball of death killed me in 4 hits ! FFXI forces you to examine every mob to see how strong it is compared to you , which I think is a huge waste of time . And of course , when you die , you lose experience points , so much so that you might actually level DOWN ! You should never see the words LEVEL DOWN in a RPG , online or off . But that 's not my biggest complaint . My biggest gripe is the fact that after level 18 or so , the game gets a little boring . True , you can always take up blacksmithing or cooking , but I do n't playing RPGs to do stuff I can do in reality , I play them to excape reality . I play RPG 's to kill stuff , which FFXI allows you to do solo , until level 18 . After that , the mobs get so hard , that even an easy prey monster can kill you . Even if you are able to solo a mob , you will spend twice the amount of time healing as you did killing it , unless of course you 're a white mage , who only have a problem living long enough in a solo battle to heal afterwards . After level 18 , you HAVE to group , which I HATE ! I do n't hate playing with other people , otherwise I would not be playing a MMORPG , but I hate being forced to group when I would rather solo . Most of the level 18 + groups on Final Fantasy XI are composed of bossy little runts that just want to find the most deadlest thing around and attempt to kill it . Often what ends up happening is the whole group dies and the one moron that got everyone killed either leaves or says
 I ca n't begin to describe how boring this game was . After sitting at home for 3 hours for all the install and updates I finally was able to play . I could n't believe how dumb the controls were on the XBOX controller . We have microphones ... and if you play games like call of duty 2 you can talk to different people , but not in this game . You have to scroll through a picture of a keyboard on the screen ... it takes 1 minute to write your name . Just do n't get it if you are not into games that have a really really deep storyline ... 100 's of foreign names for everything , lots of walking and way too many controls . I played FF9 and absolutely loved it . Ca n't say that about this one . I am pretty bitter about spending the money on this game . Hope this review was helpful . I read a lot of positive reviews on this site and I am assuming those ones are from people who really are into intense , never-ending role playing games .
 This game has some good points which you can find in most of the other reviews , all I 'm concentrating on are the flaws I wish I had known about before I bought it .1 . Experience points are horrible . When you only need 500 points to advance to your next level , getting 36-72 per kill is fine . When you need 4,000 -LRB- and that 's just level 18 -RRB- still getting 36-72 per kill , which is all you ever get from anything you can reasonably kill alone , is insane .2 . The only way to actually level up is to get lucky enough to find a good party . YOU CAN NOT SOLO IN THIS GAME . After level 15 it 's almost impossible to go anywhere alone . I like playing in parties , but I do n't like being forced to join another 5 people everytime I log on , and that 's if you can find any open groups , which can take 5 minutes or 5 hours . Sometimes I enjoy playing alone , or with a smaller group , but the full 6 man party is essential if you hope to make any progress .3 . Casual gamers need not apply , if you think you can pop on for an hour or so and accomplish anything , do n't bother . You wo n't even gain a level or accomplish any missions or quests of significance . There is simply too much traveling over huge distances and dependence on others to get anywhere fast .4 . The enemies are poor . There are only a few different character models so they are all variations of the same creatures . This is made more annoying by the fact that not only do the goblin thug and goblin butcher look pretty much the same , but you have to check the strength of everything before you fight it . You will fight a goblin thug in one place that is too weak to give you any experience points and fight another that kicks your butt into the ground in another . But they are the exact same enemy .5 . There is no escape . If you get attacked by anything , most enemies wait until you are already engaged in a battle or are healing to attack , most of the time all you can do is run to the nearest map zone , where a new area loads , to escape , this can be hard though since it can take five minutes to reach these areas and the creature attacking you will NEVER stop chasing . It 's also nice how even though you may be faster , they can still keep hitting you with their melee attacks from 20 feet away . In fairness , there are scrolls and some spells that can help , but mostly you will run and pray , because if you fall you die and lose 10 % of your current experience . If there is a level 25 white mage near you can get a raise for less penalty , but it 's not dependable enough to hope for unless you 've made it that high .6 . If you are looking to meet people this is the wrong place . Unlike other online games , because of the group and level limitations -LRB- there need to be no more than 3 level differences between the strongest and weakest characters in a group in order for everyone to get decent experience -RRB- the same people you meet and play with today may be 5 levels above or below you the next time you see them depending on how much everyone plays , but if you enjoyed their company too bad , you make a lousy group now . There is very little socializing anyway , few people talk other than in group chat , and in groups everyone worries more about getting the next kill than saying `` Hi '' . This could be more of a personal complaint than the others because I have made friends in other games , and here I feel lonely since I did n't know anyone going in and the few people I have met I left behind . If you do n't care about anyone but yourself in a game then this is no problem.There are a few other things that bother me about this game , but these were the one 's I now realize if I had known before I bought it , I would not have wasted my money .
 I played this game from the beta , then of course bought the retail to keep playing with the friends I had made . After playing for a while I noticed several severe flaws in the game design ... First there are only about 8 types of creatures in the game . All they did was change the monsters pictures a tiny bit -LRB- say a different weapon in hand or a different color -RRB- throughout the first 60 levels of the game I noticed this . At one point I noticed just about every undead creature looked like a skeleton , even a lich . I would be fighting beetles then crabs and goblins at level 11 , then them again at level 40 , beetles again , then at level 51 ... beetles YET again , with goblins . You are going to spend about 70 % of your xping on these three I would say
 Pros -- Fans of the FF Empire will enjoy a more virtual world , as that of Final Fantasy XI Online . Deep story lines and nice graphics.Cons -- Gillsellers -LRB- RMTs
 I 'm sorry to say that this is the worst Final Fantasy to date ! I played for a month and the whole thing was basically just about running around and leveling up . Not really any kind of storyline to follow , very hard to get into since the instructions do n't give you any clue as to where to go and how to get started . Not to mention you have to pay $ 12.00 a month to play such a boring game ! I recommend you spend your money on Final Fantasy X-2 instead !
 I am a fair reviewer of games , and this game is extremely time consuming . Once you gain experience and levels you will be forced to go on a death march just to get to an area worth your time in fighting . It can take as long as 45 minutes just to go from your home base to an acceptable location . There are no personalized mounts , so you must use paid mounts that are only available around level 25 or so and after doing a quest that again is about an hour walking time away . They also charge you on a monthly basis rather than a cycle . For example if you activate your account on October 31st you will end up paying for the entire month of October without a pro-rate . You will then be rebilled on November 1st . I for one re-activated my account on October 19th , 2005 and cancelled on November 1st . I was charged $ 25.90 for 12 days of game play . If you plan on re-activating a character , you should consider doing it at the beginning of the month . If you are new to the game , they will pro-rate you for the month after your free trial is up . Please note that they also take down the registration servers at the end of the month so you can not cancel on the last day of the month . This is very shady of Square-Enix to do although they do tell you in advance . This is still not acceptable . Square-Enix also charges $ 1.00 for each additional content-ID -LRB- used for each character -RRB- , the competiton typically allows for multiple characters for the same monthly cost . The auction house does not have a search feature and you will have to go through each catagory 1 at a time and forget it being in alphabetical order , it is randomly assorted and painful to navigate . After 2 years of this game making its debut , the graphical glitches such as grid seems on the terrain are still evident and it feels as if no content has been added . The company only creates added content for extremely high levels , so if you did n't get in the game back then , it is very difficult to work your way to the top since the starting and midrange realms are desolate . You are required to be in a party most of the time and just trying to gather a party can be a painstaking task . The PlayOnline client is awkward at best and will require at least 5-6 clicks just to enter the game . FFXI has had more down-time lately , constantly DDoS 'd -LRB- Denial of Service from rogue people purposely trying to tax the server by hitting it with massive bandwidth attacks . Basically you can not log in -RRB- and they do not reimburse you in anyway like Blizzard does -LRB- they offer extra playtime for free to the end of your billing cycle -RRB- . If you are going to pick a MMORPG to play . Go with WoW . Hands down !
 This review has nothing to do with the actual gameplay of the game . Because of bad business practices and incompentence on Playonline 's part , I have n't been able to play the game at all.Ok , to start off , I have owned this game for only twelve hours and am already completely frustrated . For the twelve hours that I have owned this game , the servers have been down for six . The registration server went down right after I gave them my credit card information -LRB- pretty convenient if you ask me -RRB- . Once that got going , they wanted me to download an update for the game . That 's cool , I was expecting this , but the update was like 16,000 files and several gigs of information ! Have they ever made update files before ? Why did I even spend the time to install the game if I had to redownload all the files anyways ? The setup continues ... Finally ! Now I have the updated FFXI and am ready to play . My frustration is starting to subside . I click the play button ... ... ... ... All servers down for maintenance !? Ok , here 's a concept
 Besides FF10 , this FF is just the worst of the series . It 's also a terrible MMORPG . If you want real MMORPG , check out Ultima Online . It is actually reasonable on the quests . As with FF11 , you have to level up to extreme levels just to ride chocobos , etc. . The quests are boring and tedius . This is not for MMORPG , it 's not even really for hardcore FF fans . FF is better single player , and I suggest starting at FF6 -LRB- known as FF3 on snes -RRB- and work you way up .
 I bought this game on ebay and stated new . New as in the person did not play the game because you need a certain graphis card to run the game . So I bought the game , just bought the graphics card . And then when installing the game on playonline the registration code was invalid . . The reason was the person did not play the game but just to install the game he used a registration code just to install the game . . So I paid almost full price for a worthless game that I ca n't use . Got ta love that .
 Ok lets be honest . I like many others who have reviewed this game have what I would like to call extensive experience with MMORPG 'S -LRB- I 've played Everquest , DAOC , Rubies of Eventide , and quite a few others in my time -RRB- , and thus I think I can make a good judgment of the quality of this game . This game is the same old stuff yet again , we have casters who can not solo , we have the old leveling treadmill that makes it nearly impossible to gain a level -LRB- and oh this is my favorite thing -- am I the only one that is tired of paying for these games only to not have them be any fun till I reach X level ? I mean I 'm tired of fighting bunny rabbits and rats , I 'm tired of playing a mage that can only cast 1 or 2 spells before his tanked out and is then useless -RRB- , we have the same character types -LRB- you know what I mean , the black mage is the wizard from Everquest , the white mage is the priest , the warrior is the warrior , need I go on here ? -RRB- , and we even have the same types of races . It 's all wrapped up in a new looking package for us USA players , but the fact is that a fruit cake , no matter how you wrap it up , is still a fruit cake . But even that would not normally get a 2 star rating from me , no better than a 3 yes , but not a 2 -- you see this game `` adds '' some wonderful little delights to the mix of the old . First off let me state one thing that I 've found positive from this game and that is the nice graphic look too it , but to be honest that 's the only thing I can like about this game . There is first the wonderful registration procedures you have to go through and they have been quite thoroughly covered by other reviews here , but to re-hash that part slightly I will use some of the words of another on here -- they have taken what is normally at most a 3 step process with others games and doubled it . The interface of the game can be described using the words `` convoluted '' and `` unnecessarily difficult '' not only in the game itself as well , but the secondary client called Playonline too -LRB- which seems to be some form of e-mail service within the game itself -- why this is need I really do n't know -RRB- . Everyone is assigned random servers , this means that playing with your friends is going to be near impossible -LRB- one needs quite a bit of luck -RRB- , and with the quickest means of getting everyone together within the same server is the near impossible to gain World Pass -LRB- it costs you Gil , money , in the game and in fact costs quite a bit in the upwards of 2000 + . This means that no beginning character and few advanced one 's afford one and with economy of the servers already wrecked -LRB- more on this in a minute -RRB- all a characters Gil tends to go toward getting better equipment instead -RRB- . Oh yes did I mention the wrecked economy of the servers , well there is a good reason for that , you see this game has been out in Japan for some time now , and because they did not open near servers over here in the USA those players play on those same servers -- which means that not only do you have to deal with people who do n't understand you or you them in all likely hood you have to deal with players who are FAR more advanced than you . And then there are the spawn and drop rates of this game , newbie zones are full of newbie 's but nothing to fight , and when you do fight them they rarely if ever drop anything -- making it yet again nearly impossible to get Gil . Oh and this review would be lax without mention of the utterly useless manual that oddly enough is quite large too but seems to have so little to say , there is ALOT missing from it , not the least of which would be rules on crafting or even some hints and guide-lines . To all those who give this game a 5 star review , I 'd like to ask you just one question , if you took away the Final Fantasy name and archetypes -LRB- the name of the black mage , red mage , chocobos , etc. -RRB- would you still like this game ? Would you still rate it as high as you have ? I know what your thinking -- `` Gosh this review sounds like all the others '' and you know something it does and if you really think about it -- it 's quite sad really . I mean have game designers not learned anything by now ? This game could have been so much more , and I really do hope that some of the other game designers on MMORPG 's of the future do read these reviews and learn a few things . I also hope that some Final Fantasy fans read this review as well and try to listen to the words I 've said -- give it a try you do get 30 days for free after all , but let me tell once my free period is up well lets just say I wo n't be going back to it .
 As the title states , I am a very big and dedicated Final Fantasy fan of the series but when I purchased this game I had a total letdown . This game is soooooooooo booooring and nothing compared to any of the other Final Fantasy legends . This is a big waste of your money . I regret buying this ridiculously lame game . If you think this game is still worth the buy , then by all means go for it . But you have been warned !!! I give this game a big fat ZERO !!!
 Buyers be REAL Careful . You MUST have a NVidia GEForce card or an ATI Radeon 9000 card for the game to work at all ! NO Other video configurations will work . Square Enix only programmed the PC version to run on this limited set of hardward . The game will stop and give the error that the hardware is not supported if you try to run using a different video . There is NO workaround . Note that you can not install an NVidia or ATI card without an AGP slot which is only provided on the more expensive computers.Gameplay on any but the most expensive , fast , computer is SLOW and cumbersome . The sound breaks up and the keyboard does NOT react quickly which is what is needed when you are fighting . This was on a Pentium 4 , 1.5 GHz system with and NVidia GEForce II card.The game does run OK on a 2.5 GHz machine with a GEFOrce 4 card . I would n't purchase the game if you own anything less.I would NOT recommend this PC version of the game .
 I love this game ! I play for about 12 hours a day . I play 18 hours on days I have off . Thank you god . I have now found my true calling in life .
 ok look , you people are complaining that you didnt know that you had to have a geForce card ... and that the manufactures should tell it on the box , well it does ok , look on the internet , sheesh . Shopping stupidely is one way to get a bad game experiance . I havent played this game , I am unlike you guys , trying it out before buying it . You complain about the pixelated graphics , get a better video card noob . You also say its dull and boring like all other final fantasies ... well if you dont like the other ones why try this one ? Then complain . Just keep your mouths shut and deal with your stupidity losses , because their your fault .
 Cookie cutter character creations , linear gameplay , lame monsters , boring classes and concepts . Nothing here has n't been done before much better , it 's a lame EQ clone .
 Installed this on a computer running Windows XP . The documents say it should run on XP , but it runs very , very slow . So slow that I 've only used it a few minutes , and wo n't be using it . I bought it for a penny -LRB- plus S&H -RRB- , what a rip-off !
 Bought this one for my daughter . -LRB- Obviously -RRB- Car charger broke the second I plugged it in and the chargers tip got caught inside the DS . I had to bend metal to get it out !!! It nearly damaged the charger port on our DS . The screen protectors are awesome . They do n't interfere with stylus performance at all and they keep your screen from getting scratched . It also comes with a very cool little screen wipe thingy and a rubber coated game holder that can attach to the DS . Headphones are worthless . Super uncomfortable . No foam around the earpieces . Just hard plastic to stick in your ear . Fun . The old saying `` you get what you pay for '' really comes into play here .
 the pink is cute but the items look cheap so in sent it back and got nintendo official licensed accessories
 We were very disappointed to find that the 600 puzzles contained on `` Puzzle XP Championship 2 '' are , for the most part , duplicates of half of the 1200 puzzles on our previous purchase of `` Puzzle Championship 1200 '' in spite of its claim of `` all new puzzles '' . If we had known this , we would not have purchased it . So if you are after new puzzles , beware !
 this game didnt work , it was a total waste of time , it wouldnt open or download and didnt work
 I never received the product and when I contacted the seller he never replied . i loved playing the game when i was younger and was so excited to find it here . I 'm very disappointed that never received it .
 I remember this game from the old days . My eldest grandson loved it . I hoped to purchase it for the younger grandson when he got to the age where he liked such stuff . UNFORTUNATELY the seller did n't tell me that I needed an ancient platform to access the game . Money down the drain , too bad .
 I received the wrong game . Not only did I receive the wrong game , but it was for a completely different gaming system .
 Now I 'm not saying that the Rainbow 6 for PC is bad . The PC game is the best . The Playstation version is the sooooo bad . You go around in first person view.But unlike the PC game you you get a DOOM of Goldeneye type view with the gun on you screen . Some of the levels were changed . It is almost impossible to aim you gun . And there is no planning screen all you do is choose who gos and where they go in . If you played or own the PC or N64 Verson -LRB- the N64 was n't good eather , but it was better -RRB- you will be disapointed . It is really a totally different game . I give it one thumb up and one thumb down .
 This is a really challenging , fun , realistic -LRB- I guess , I 'm not intimately familiar with counter-terrorist strike teams -RRB- game on the PC . It is absolutely horrible on Playstation , the controls are impossible to use , a complete waste of money for the Playstation .
 Four words
 When I bought this I had high expectatitons because how great the PC version was . Boy was I wrong . The enemies look like cardboard and their accuracy is terrible , you probably could walk your dog before they could hit you . The only good part is the sound an exeptional score . Get the soundtrack but not the game.And worst of all the voice overs are very repetitive all your team says is `` Tango down '' and `` got him '' . The loadtimes are tremoundous the only good thing is during the load you get to see a man slamming bullets in a clip . What ever you do avoid this peice of junk
 Those of us out there who are looking for that next Syphon Filter or Metal Gear Solid know a good premise when we hear one . As a fan of the novel I was interested in this game . I should have rented it beforehand . The graphics and control are miserably sub-standard for this system . It could have been so much more with some 3-D drama sequences , a story as captivating as the novel was , to drive the action . But instead we got a game that handles like a car with four tires put on crooked and a blurry windshield . Leave it be and go play Syphon Filter/MGS/Medal of Honor .
 Rainbow Six is a HUGE game on the PC , too bad the Playstation version is LESS THAN MEDIOCRE . Targeted at Teen to Adult , this version falls way short from the popular PC version . Do yourself a favor , buy Medal of Honor instead . Maybe Playstation 2 will have the heat to give this title justice ... it sure is n't worth it on the Playstation console .
 Its plodding , poorly controlling , ugly , and more importantly not at all fun , I ca n't honestly think of one positive thing to say about this game . . well except that I was lucky and only wasted money on a rental instead of buying this piece of trash , maybe its great on the PC but for playstation . . its JUNK
 allthough I dont own this game , I have played it . And let me tell you it is an annoying game . Take this for example , you have to hold L1 and square -LRB- or something like that -RRB- just to open a door ! Then -LRB- scince it has no auto aiming ! -RRB- oyu have to press R1 or R2 just to aim your weapon ! It is a pain . I ca n't even count how many times I 've died because of the baaad controls . The game is too easy . Besides the controls -LRB- which make it hard -RRB- the missions take about five minutes to get through -LRB- if you can get past the controls that is -RRB- over all this is a horrible game . Buy it for computer or N64 -LRB- computer is best -RRB- and be happy . See this game , run far away very fast .
 i agree with others that the terroist are deformed . its fun to shoot the terroist but still its a bad game
 this game sucked , it was the worst game i ever played iv seen my dog fart and it was alot more entertaining DONT BUY THIS GAME !
 This has to be one of the worst playstation games I 've ever played . I mean , I love my playstation and all the games that I own , but this one is going back . I 've played the PC version of Rainbow Six before , and was pleased at the graphics , gameplay , and value level of the game . So I figured I would get the Dreamcast version since the manufactures claim it will be a direct port of the PC game . Instead I ended up getting the PSX version since the DC version was n't availible . Let me sum up what Rainbow six is for the Playstation . Bad Graphics , Bad Gameplay , no multiplayer , no real value . It 's boring and just , uh , plain bad . Stay way from it like the plague .
 The controlability stincks . You die in one shot . And it gets boring without much of a story line .
 I played the demo for the pcversion . And I loved it . So when I bought Rainbow Six I thought that it might not look as good as the pc version , but it could still play like a dream -LRB- like Quake2 -RRB- . Boy ... was I wrong . This game is not only the most ugliest game ever to be produced on the psx , it is also without any gameplay . The animations , if you can call them that , are choppy . AND WHY did they turned it into another doom-clone ... I instantly returned the game and bought the fantastic FF8 . Without a doubt , Rainbow Six is the worst game I have ever played in my whole life -LRB- even worse than ` dragonheart ' ! -RRB-
 Absolutly unplayable is the best way i can describe this one . the control options you 're given are usless . i gave up after about twenty minutes when i realized that there was no way to aim any of the dozens of weapons you 're given at a target before it gets away from you . If it were controlable -LSB- and maybe a bit classier looking -RSB- this would probably be a wonderful game , but I at least will never know cuz i just ca n't do it . Make sure you rent it first .
 I looked forward for this `` six '' to come out for my mac computer . I bought the playstation version on impulse . If dissapointment has a pix in the dictionary you will see me . the controlls are poor - ca n't shoot well . the graphics are first generation . my first experience with playstation was metal gear - solid . Clancy should check this great game out for inspirition in graphics and overall play . I like the idea of using team play but in reality it is only a one member game . Having real life experience , I like selecting the troops and gear ... but ... . not a fun game . I feel that money and time were wasted .
 I bought this game probably 4 or 5 months ago . I wanted a game that was more of a military shooters type game . After reading the reviews and asking the clerk about the game I decided to purchase this game . The controls are way to difficult . If I am leading a team against terriosts , I do not have time to look at the manuel to determine what the X button was for again when I am in a dog fight with terrorist . I thought this game would be something like Syphon Filter . But this game does not even come close . But the one thing I did like about the game is the opening to this video game and the music . Only if they could have made the game for gamer friendly and have an option of first person shooter and third person shooter , this game would have been a great shooting game . I traded this game in for Madden 2001 . I was very disappointed with how complicated the buttons were .
 I heard nothing but good reviews about this game from friends , so I picked it up . With the exception of the 11th mission it was pretty basic & easy . It 's done nothing new with the 1st person shooter scenario . Graphics are poor , movement is irratic , controls are difficult to use , and it only has 13 missions . You might as well just re-play a 1st person shooter that you already have rather than waste money on this product .
 This game was pretty terrible . Controling and aiming the guns were terrible . Graphics were poor at best , and the most bothersome thing was when your fellow personell or hostages were to follow you , you could n't back track . They won ; t let you pass beyond them . Go get Medal of Honor , way better game play . Rainbow six was boring , and plain out annoying to play . Good concept , they just did n't pull it off .
 Not nearly as good as the PC version . I suggest you just buy the PC version if you have a computer and if not rent the game first . Just make sure you play the game first and know what it is like before you buy it .
 This game is horrible . The only thing I liked about it is the realism of the planning mode . For those of you that do n't know , in this game you must plan your missions , everything including who you bring along with you , what weapons they carry , what type of body armor they wear , etc.Everything is realistic which helped me alot with writing my book . But other than that it is n't worth buying.It is very hard to control the players . You are given the first person perspective . It is hard to tell what direction you 're facing and where your enemies are with this type of view . It also makes you dizzy when you look around because the entire screen is moving.But the thing I hate most is the way they made it for one player . Since you bring three people with you on your missions it only makes sence that each member be controled by a real person . Instead you must control what all three people do at the same time . As well , you must control what hostages do too.And speaking of hostages , when you find them they can be really annoying because they follow close behind you , making it difficult to turn around and go back the other way if you accidentally take the wrong path.I recommend you buy this game for computer but not the Play Station.PS . Please read my other reviews .
 When i first got this game -LRB- i was only 10 at the time -RRB- i went right to the training area . the first thing i noticed was the terreble graphics . They are totally dull , boring , and plain . So then i went through part of the training course that showed you basic movement , which i noticed was awful . Then i got to the target range . This is the moment i fully understood how hard the game was going to be -LRB- and no , not cuz i sucked at fps 's when i was ten -RRB- . The aiming was so twitchy and out of control i could not hit a single target . And now even today i struggle to hit the targets on that course.The rest of the game is sadly , much the same.Oh , and , forget about run mode , R6 seems to have a very low framerate or something , cuz you cant see a stupid thing while your running through cramped hallways and cramped doorways.You know , i could rant on all day about how bad Rainbow Six is -LRB- at least for PS -RRB- , but just take my word -LRB- and most other peoples word -RRB- for it and do n't buy this piece of trash
 If you have heard anything good about Rainbow Six from Reviewers and such , that was about the PC game . They changed soooo much for this PSX conversion and it was all bad . B-A-D BADBADBADBAD . The levels bite , the planing stage is all messed up . All you can do is put three guys -LRB- In the PC vesian you get like 8 -RRB- where they enter the building . In the PC version you tell your teams , -LRB- yes , teams -RRB- where to go once they 're inside the building . The terrorist could n't hit the sky with a shotgun , their aim is so bad . And your buddies are all deformed . You deserve so much better . Get the PC game . And if all you have is a PSX , get Rouge Spear for the PSX . That is very good and an excact dupicate of the PC Rouge Spear , which is even better than the PC Rainbow SIX . DONT GET THIS GAME AVOID LIKE SHIVA !
 This game solves the flaw that you can send one man in to save the world -LRB- Syphon Filter , Metal Gear , etc. -RRB- The fact that you choose your team , their gear , their insertion points into the mission , what color gear they wear , etc. is great . If you want realism the planning part of the mission is fun . Unfortunately when the planning is over and the mission begins the trouble starts . It 's awkward even moving let alone shooting a gun at a target . The worst thing is that you must normally press 2-3 buttons to do common tasks . Overall good realism and idea - but little attention to smooth gameplay like with Syphon Filter .
 I recently rented this game . I played it once and it SUCKED . The graphics remind you of an old atari game . The controls are so hard to control I practically broke my controller trying to turn a corner . Another thing , if you see a terrorist it takes you at least 6 seconds to aim at him ! This has got to be the most horrible game I have every played in the 10 yrs . of my gaming life . I would rather start playing my old NES then this HORRIBLE GAME !
 This game is n't very good at all . The storyline is nonexistent at best and the objectives are easy and quick to achieve . The graphics are n't that good and the objects issued are few . I might be a little biased , but this game does n't hold a candle to `` Metal Gear Solid '' .
 This game has a good plot and gameplay , as you get to run around killing people ... -LRB- it 's fun to me ! -RRB- and the sounds are remarkable ... but those few things are not enough to save the game from the crappy graphics it has . The suits are so pixelated that their body and face looks like they have a bunch of square pimples . THE GRAPHICS ARE VERY BAD ... if that factor does n't bother you then it is a very fun game ... graphics influence me a lot !
 This game does stink the control is practicly crap mostly because you have to press almost all the buttons at ones to open one stupid door which pretty mutch has nothing it but 500 guys to kill ya instently kill you in like 1 in a half shots because you have to press R2 , R1 , and the direction buttons just to move the dumb gun up and down . The gameplay is not fun at all , half of the game is all just kill terriorist and save hostages . Do n't waste your money on your game .
 When I heard that Rainbow Six would come out for Playstation , I was very excited . Being a Mac user , I was insanely jealous of my friends who were playing an awesome R6 on their PCs . When I got this game , though , I was almost sickened by the complete crapiness of it.The akward control set up make a terrible FPS . The aim buttons -LRB- R1 , R2 for up and down -RRB- are hard to reach for in a rush and are so sensitive that one touch can have you pumping the ceiling or floor full of lead.The selection of guns is formidable , but in combat , the only difference between the guns is between the silenced and unsilenced guns . The main flaw of this game , though is that it eliminates the wonderful strategy aspect of the PC version . Instead of mapping your teams ' routes , the only strategy is choosing which of three entry points will you enter from . Taking out one of the best features of the PC version make this game one of the worst made for any platform
 If you already have the original Fighters Destiny , do not buy this one . Very little new features , and the players have most of the same moves as in the first one , except their features are different.I was disappointed .
 This game is way to easy ! I beat every level until i got bored and returned it . This game s -LSB- tinks -RSB- for a number of reasons1 . controls s -LSB- tink2 . horrible graphics3 . way to easyIf you want a driving game get driver 2 .
 I want some fun in this game and I want to be thrilled the Dukes could not show me a good time if they crashed the General lewis into my chicken coop -LRB- small joke -RRB- no but honestly violence is the perfect answer in video games where is the BLOOD ! Arthur P. Nevell San Antonio Texas
 If the General Lee was this hard to drive in the show life Bo and Luke deserve a medal . I could not control the general at all , and Rosco kept running me off the road . This is only fun if you like destruction derbys not racing .
 Do n't get me wrong , this game is a lot of fun , but in the end is completely disappointing . First complaint
 I waited forever to play this , and found out that it stunk . The car was easy to handle , and drove well . But as the game progressed , it did n't become more difficult . I was hoping it would be more challenging . I actually got to memorize the roads some . I played it beginning to end in less than four hours . I did enjoy having many of the cast of the TV show reprise their roles for the voice-overs in the game .
 When I saw this game advertised in a magazine , I was counting the days 'til it 's release . `` Dukes '' was my favorite show growing up . So as a Dukes fan , I was pumped . Then I rented it.I beat the game in a couple of hours , despite the repetitive play and poor controls . In fact , the biggest challenge the game gave me was to be sure it had n't cancelled my Analog light during the level transition -LRB- which it did frequently -RRB- . All in all , the excitement of a Dukes game carried it for the first couple of levels , then it just got boring . And howcome Roscoe can ram me like I 'm standing still when I 'm going full-throttle and just flipped him on his roof ten seconds ago?The cool concept earns it two stars , but the poor gameplay trashes the rest . Hopefully there will be a sequel that will make this one look like a mistake . And how ` bout more of Daisy in the next one ? Please ?
 I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE MUCH BETTER . THE TITLE SOUNDS GREAT.I COULDNT EVEN GET STARTED . ALTHOUGH I COULD N'T SOMEONE ELSE COULD BE BETTER . ANYTHING ABOUT SNOW SEEMS FUN . IF YOU GET IT FOR A GOOD PRICE TRY IT BUT DONT PAY TO MUCH . THERE ARE OTHERS IF YOU REALLY WANT TO PLAY IN THE SNOW .
 I have a grayscale Palm pilot and wanted to try out some fun programs . Seems like most things from Cosmi are way too dark . I dont know if its better in color but for a grayscale its horrible.You can get fun games for free online . Even if you pay for some other products its better than this stuff .
 This game is OK if you 're a kid , or want something REALLY simplistic . The graphics are good , but it moves way too slow.If you want a good game , try FIA Rally 99 . This one is a waste of money if you are serious .
 When I tried to install Ring Factory , it could n't connect to their server for some reason . I went to their website to find help and after I tried the suggestions from the Help FAQ , it still would n't work . I emailed Ring Factory Support and no one responds . I have tried the demo and I like it -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- but the company sucks -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . Since Ring Factory is powered by ToneThis , I suggest you use that instead ...
 I own the Rainbow 6 PC version and it 's an excellent game . Unfortunatly , my computers graphics card , and speed is pure crap . My friend and I then decided to rent it to see how it compared to the PC version . The graphics were very good , and the speed was fast . But the game developers did a very sloppy job creating this game . They just dumped a bunch of levels in the game and all you do is run around , and solve very simple objectives . No storyline whatsoever ! No John Brightling or Anne Lang and their evil plot . The sound was n't half as good as the PC version , it just looped over and over . They had no bio-suits . Only 2 people to a team.You could not go out of 1st person veiw . The graphics were excellent and the speed was exceptional but the cool story that made me like the game in the first place was demolished . The game was just sloppy .
 ... This is by far the worst N64 game I have ever played ... Graphics are horrible . Controls are clunky . Sounds are so-so . Dumb map stays onscreen and there is no feature to remove the navigational map which causes distractions . Low replay value , what replay value ? I played for about 15 minutes and have n't picked it up since then.Keep your money and spend it on something else , save yourself from wasting your money and time on this game .
 I was extremely disappointed . I expected a more challenging game based on reading all of the reviews . From reading the professional reviews , it became very clear that they were written based on either the instruction booklet -LRB- which talked about a lot of neat features that did n't come with the game -RRB- or a preview of the game , but not the actual game . I thoroughly enjoyed 007 and would love to see someone create a game in that genre that was better . This is not it.This one is just too easy even on the most difficult of levels . It only takes 30 minutes per mission to figure out a way to complete it . I completed the entire game on the most difficult level in only six hours . Even use non-use of the gadgets do not affect the game play . Hardly worth $ 45.00 . I must say that the graphics are good , the concept is good , and even the game play has its good points . Its weaknesses out weigh any strength it may have .
 I do n't know what everyone is raving about . This game is such a let down . From the reviews I thought it would be good , some say better than Golden Eye , but this game does n't come close.The controller is poorly configured , the graphics are poor , the whole thing sucks . Do n't waste your money .
 horrible graphics , bad controls , annoying guy in your ear saying `` no tangos in site '' It took me about 30 minutes to beat on the hard difficulty level . I bought it back when it cost 70 bucks , plus i thought i had to buy a control pack to save a game . You dont need to save a game , because if you cant beat it in one sitting you shouldnt be play video games . Go out and buy a ps2 and play some real games -LRB- n64 is dead -RRB-
 I read the reviews and researched the heck out of this game . The reviews on amazon made me jump at the game because most had given it a high rating . The game ca n't be found in stores because of how old it is , so I found it here at Amazon -LRB- Which I am greatful for Amazon because here you can , for the most part , order hard to find games -RRB- ... . BUT ... the game controls are awful , the graphics bite -LRB- When moving your character , the foreground and background graphics move as well -RRB- , there is a map that stays on screen the entire game and you ca n't get rid of it , story line is weak . The only thing that seemed to be somewhat fun was shooting and having to slowly move upon enemies , doors , etc. . I would n't recommend this game to anyone .
 I 've never seen a bad review for this game , and that is the reason I bought it . It got consistently good reviews . Well , let me be the one to warn you - this game is absolutely terrible . At least the Nintendo 64 version . It 's not that I do n't like first-person shooters . Two of my top five favorite games are FPS '
 Could n't get it to run in Windows 7 . I 've had trouble with this on older games . I may have to jump through some hoops to get it to work ... LOL
 The first Dark Alliance had far better graphics and more interesting monsters . Plus , while the story was corny and cliched , there still was a story.This has pretty much no story at all , the monsters are lame , the graphics are forgettable , the settings are dumb -LRB- or inappropriate for D&D ;-RRB- , and the gameplay monotonous . The ending has you going through the very same Onyx Tower as in the first -LRB- although the story explains this well -RRB- , and the final battle is largely identical to that in DA I.One oft-heard criticism of Dark Alliance I was that it was too short
 I feel sorry for anyone who has spent more than ten dollars on this game . I purchased it for 8.98 at Toys ` R ' Us . Basically a dollar for every hour of campaign time I got out of it.I 'm a huge rpg , particularly forgotten realms fantasy fan , and I was sorely dissapointed in this game . While , the story is missing in detail , the adventuring is fun , heavy hack n slash type , very little to no RP at all . The ending was just that , an ending , a real let down . We went through this game tooth and nail , making sure to uncover every stone , secret and bad guy and it still only took me 8 and a half hours to beat . I was really dissapointed . Just when we thought there was going to be a spectacular plot twist and the game was really going to start kicking , it just ended , promising yet ` another installment ' in the Baldurs Gate series . Honestly , instead of purchasing the next game , I 'll just pass . I just ca n't justify paying new game prices for what amounts to the time you would get out of a free community expansion.If you want to purchase an RPG , save your money and put it towards the NWN platinum pack for the PC . Now there you can waste the hours away !!!
 This is basically a hack-n-slash game . You basically wind up figuring out the most effective attacks , then ignore beefing up any other special abilities . Some of the environments look pretty cool , though I realize I do n't like games that show everything in top-down 3/4 perspective anymore -LRB- I think that 's what they call it -RRB- . But there is a lot of action . So if you like killing monsters for hours on end -LRB- I found it to be a longer game than one person pointed out . Longer than 12 hours IMO -RRB- you 'll like this game . I think for this kind of game , Gauntlet Dark Legacy is WAY more fun . It 's probably the same game length , definitely better graphics/perspective , more interesting level puzzles -LRB- Baldur 's Gate has none really -RRB- , and focuses on the abilities you need to kill monsters most effectively . There are no unnecessary abilities in that game . You can also play with a total of 4 people . BG is only for 1-2 players .
 Some `` haters '' have given me unhelpful votes for this review . BELIEVE ME , I speak the truth . Walking and breathing at the same time is more difficult than beating this mediocre game.Steps to beat the game :1 -RRB- play a necromancer2 -RRB- switch to `` enervation `` 3 -RRB- hold X4 -RRB- winMy wife and I loved DA1 but this game left a lot to be desired . I played the necromancer and I found I could easily just leave my spell book set on `` enervation '' and basically kill anyone who got in my way . She played the barbarian and was getting upset because anything that came on our screen immediately died , and my mana never ran low.What I am trying to say was that this game was RIDICOULOUSLY EASY . I mean it does n't get much easier than this when it comes to video games . I was really expecting a lot more out of this , maybe even a slight challenge . Would have been nice to maybe die trying to fight a boss and being forced to try a different strategy ... We might go back through and try it on the most difficult setting , but play on `` normal '' left a lot to be desired , and my motivation to try it again is low due to the new Everquest co-op being out .
 My game that I ordered does not work.My ps2 runs all of my other games but this one does not load .
 This game is reallly boring and there is nothing new or revolutionary about it . The spells are mediocore and the gameplay is hack & slash.Not a true RPG !
 This game is one of the best...by-far ive ever played in any genre ... not only do you have the option of doing just about anything you want with the side quests and all ... but you can customize your character completely ... not only can you just customize them ... but their weapons . . their armor ... EVERYTHINGawesome game ... man ... period .
 I started playing this game about a week ago . Its an awesome game in nearly every aspect.EXEPT ONE ! Whoever came out with this game better make a Gamecube version or they just lost a customer . I loved the first one and now want to play the second one besides at my friends house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I gave it 1 star overall because of it lacking a GC version.SO MAKE ONE ALREADY !!!!
 just for all you parents anc christians who dont know , this game is Dungens and Dragons ... you know that board game thats called all the deaths and demon possesions ? yea i thought yall mite like to know . but for all of you who dont care , it was a fantastic game ... easy and short . but awesome
 First of all , I have no opinion . I have never played the first one and was never planning to get the second . I am merely here to lay down the facts . I got an issue of a game magazine and there was a review of this game - they normally get it prereleased . The game , apparently , was a true disappointment . Not only was it exactly like the last one , but it was apparently very repetitive and exactly like the last game . I heard the first one was great , but supposedly the second one is kind of a bummer . Hey , they could be wrong , but considering that three professionals reviewed it , I would n't really think so . For people who maybe played the first one , they could give this a look . Sorry , I have no opinion here , but I 'm just laying down the facts for all of you to see .
 You know , I really hate when this happens . Dark Alliance 2 is a good game , it really is . There 's a lot to like about this one . Unfortunately , it 's unworthy of its predecessor , and it pales dramatically when compared to its contemporaries , and that 's just sad.Things start out interestingly enough , with the characters from the preceeding game captured , and a whole new cast to choose from ... which , honestly , irritated me from th start . Seriously , what a cop-out . In any case , the new choises seem promising - a -LRB- dark elf -RRB- Monk , a -LRB- elven -RRB- Necromancer , a -LRB- dwarf -RRB- Thief , a -LRB- human -RRB- Barbarian , and a -LRB- human -RRB- Cleric . Things seem well set up for hack-and-slashy goodness , until you actually start playing.For some reason , in the sequel , we get comparatively poor character animations , right off the bat . The Dark Elf Monk runs like an idiot -LRB- if she had `` run like a girl '' I might have been annoyed but forgiving , but she just looks plain stupid - who runs with both arms swinging on the same side of their body ? Honestly ? -RRB- , the Cleric looks ... we 'll say uncomfortable to be polite , and the others look plain and boring . So your choises are , basically , play a character who looks dumb or boring , take your pick . Not a promising start.The gae immediately gets you into the action , fighting Goblins that have overrun a caravan ; unfortunately , the goblins look more like irritated , tailless monkies than anything else . That 's when you start leveling up , and that 's where everything goes to hell compared to the original Dark Alliance.The new characters early level abilities just do n't compare with those in Dark Alliance . The Sorceress in the original starts out great and just gets better , but her `` replacement '' in DA2 is a weak and pathetic Necromancer . The Dwarven Warrior is a force to be reconed with out of the starting gate in DA , but DA2 's Barbarian is ... well , impotent . I 'm not even going to start on the Cleric , other than to say that , outside of two player games , she 's useless . Only the Thief is actually worth a darn in the beginning , and he winds up falling behind in everything other than item creation later on.Also , the game is short . Very short . I 'm not exactly speedy in completing games , and I got maybe 12 hours of play out of this one . The original DA kept me going for 16 hours ; it 's just not good to let a sequel outlast its predecessor like that . Still , the short playtime allowed me to play through all the characters in a relatively short time , and I have to say that the Monk is may favorite , if you can handle her looking like a complete idiot when she runs.My problem here is n't that this is a bad game - it is n't . In fact , the missions are more interesting and interestingly implemented than in DA -LRB- near the start of the game , you have to repel goblins invading a town , and literally save townsfolk in the process . It was n't an impending threat to the townspeople - the goblins were right there , in the town , killing the citizenry -RRB- . The item creation system is facinating and allows for infinite possibility . The storyline is more in-depth than DA . All good things.And yet it still does n't quite fill the shoes of its predecessor . Worse , it is completely blown away by its contemporaries . Champions of Norrath and Champions
 This is , I feel , one of the better eps . Has the effects of the various seasons , plus gardening , fishing , snowball fights . . quite entertaining . I did lose the ability to see the fish in aquariums even with an upgraded graphic card.The one downside , which is with all the Sims2 ep 's , is that upon installation the game creates an openning in one 's firewall giving EA Games repeated access to one 's pc through the game 's exe . Having Norton AV and the additional firewall control , I was able to create blocks and I never play the game while on the internet . I had spent considerable time trying to get answers as to why EA Games was infiltrating my pc , first there were denials . When screen shots of my firewall was sent to them as proof , I was given the most idiotic `` explanations '' . To date , not even the corporate office has responded . This has fostered feelings of mistrust for me . I will no longer purchase EA or Electronic Arts games .
 The game was fun except the seasons did n't change and it would only stay winter . Some stuff wrong but it was okish
 waste of money , and it totally takes over your motivations plus majorly changes game play as your sims can now get sick !! and omg it takes forever to grow food to heal your sims !
 EA games/Maxis made a quick buck on this expansion pack . Theres not a lot there . Yes you get weather but its not that big of a deal it doesnt affect game play hardly at all its more just visual than anything else . Theres not a lot of new things in this pack either like previous ones . Id save my money and by bon voyage instead . If EA games/Maxis lowered the price by 10.00 it would be O.K. but at this price its just not worth it .
 Each time my daughter tried to install a Sims 2 expansion pack it consumed hours of my time ... Sims 2 Seasons is no exception ! After 3 install attempts which hung on the second CD , I thought I 'd try to disable my anti-virus software -LRB- OneCare -RRB- . Low and behold OneCare would not run ! AGHHHHH!I ripped out the Sims 2 Seasons program files -LRB- the uninstaller did n't work , of course -RRB- and reinstalled OneCare . What a POS !
 The concept is to allow your child to create -LRB- from a set of templates -RRB- paper dolls and outfits . Being a Crayola product , naturally the point is to design the doll 's outfits using an array of colors . This would be a lot of fun ... but many of the lighter colors -LRB- white , all yellows , some tans -RRB- do n't work ! Yellow turns brown ; dandelion turns blue ; gold turns gray . I sure hope Crayola does n't think it 's teaching my daughter her colors . To add to the frustration , the only tech support listed with the disc is in the form of a very generic web site that tells me the no-brainer stuff like `` try re-booting '' or `` uninstall/reinstall . `` This could have been a nice game but instead is more frustrating than entertaining .
 This is not good game and the graphics are dated . I really purchased this as an add-on to Pacific Fighters , which is also produced by Ubisoft.The level of realisim and flight models are very poor and the control setup and user interface are very user unfriendly and would be very difficult for the novice , desktop flyer . Over all , this is the worst Sim/Flying-game ever made . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 At the bottom of page 2 of Pacific Fighter 's User Manual appears the following : `` NOTICE
 I bought this because I really enjoyed the first Splinter Cell . I was hoping it 'd just be the same as before , with the multiplayer incorporated smoothly . I discovered to my disgust that this is a piece of crap . After I installed , I tried to set it up to play . Appearently it does n't like my drivers I have for my Radeon 9800 . So I rolled back to the ones it said were working . Bull **** ! Those did n't work either . I install the patch , and I get horrid frame rate , plus the graphics are completely distorted ! I have a rainbow color about an inch thick running around my whole monitor when I play ! It is so distracting I ca n't even play it . So I fire up the multiplayer . Absolute crap . Horrid framerate , same bad graphics , aweful sound , the works!So I uninstall it , planning to return it . I then discover that it 's anti-copying scheme screwed up my virtual cd drive software . It blocked the program from making virtual drives just because Ubi Soft was afraid someone would copy it and pass it around on the net . Yet they can still do that anyways ! All it does is block law-abiding citizens from using legally purchased software.I managed to fix their problem , yet I refuse to install their software again until they fix this game and promise not to add this anti-copying crap to other games .
 Just blew $ 35 on Far Cry and Pandora Tomorrow ... no more purchases from UBI Software ... guess we all have to install regular CD drives to play this company 's games ... well , I 'm physically disabled and not going to pay $ 50 for some to install a $ 20 part to play a $ 20 game -LRB- ... one company 's games -RRB- ... so many decent games out there -LRB- FPS/RPG/RTS -RRB- , I 'm not jumping through hoops to play anyones game ... if it does n't work on my system , as it is , I 'll pass - I have no copy software , just one basic CD-RW drive that came with my computer ... I hope UBI Software take a nice revenue hit for this bs anti-piracy nonsense
 In as short a review as possible ... This game is identical to the original . The only difference is that you are playing different missions . I have noticed no real changes in the technology used to make the game or the game play . You might as well buy the original for half the price . If you already have it , e-mail UbiSoft and ask them why this was n't an expansion pack for $ 20 .
 I 'm on the second mission and I 'm bored to death . It must be a training mission still , but the gameplay is ULTRA linear . I 'm not having any fun at all . I have n't been allowed to use my gun at all yet . I had MUCH more fun with the rainbow six series . I 've played through at least 4 of those . This game feels like I 'm just doing what the game tells me to do .
 This game is terrible . For one thing it does not even come with a reference book for installing and installing issues . I like some of the other consummers purchased this game in good faith thinking that a computer less than a year old with a high end video card -LRB- when purchased -RRB- would be able to run it . BUT after installing it and uninstalling it and then installing it again , and after making the upgrade as suggested for their video links this game still would not run . Even after going to UBI 's support page and doing all of the suggested fixes still no GAME PLAYING!So , I then went to my final resouce and called UBI in person and there I was told that the game would not work on a less than a year old video card and that I was pretty much of of the $ 40 spent on this nothing game . So in my words UBI is making money while we are lossing !!! Thanks , but no more games from your company UBI !
 If you are buying this for your laptop , DO N'T . I walked into a retail store and picked up a few games . This one was one that DID NOT MENTION anything about no laptop support on the box . I bought it and opened the box only to read in the instructions INSIDE that it did not support some laptop chipsets . Boy , did my opinion of UBISOFT just go down . I installed it anyways in hopes of still salvaging the software , but was met with a notification that I did n't meet the requirements . Hrumph , big surprise . Nevertheless , it does n't work on a laptop , so do n't buy it if you are in hopes of that .
 I think everyone should boycott this company and force them to rethink their bull **** idea that a customer who purchased a legitimate copy of their game can not run the game because of other virtual drive software on their machine -LRB- ie . alcohol 120 % -RRB- . There is no way I will give $ 50 to this f 'd up company .
 The gameplay is good and the graphics are nice but the game itself is n't too impressive . The challenge of figuring out what to do is not a challenge as the answers are usually given to you or made pretty obvious . It 's something to do , but not the most entertaining .
 Just a friendly warning to all CDR/CDRW/DVDR / DVDRW drive owners . UBI Soft as a `` feature '' on their PC software that prevents installation from any drive with write capacity . Why they feel that will slow down a game cracker , and why they do n't mind blowing off an entire segment of the market , is entirely beyond me , but that 's not the point here . Call UBI Soft tech support BEFORE buying this or any other PC game from them , and check to make sure whether or not you will be able to install . Software -LRB- such as Chessmaster 9000 , just to grab a random example -RRB- does n't come with a warning on the box -LRB- in `` some '' cases , they claim -- I have n't found a single box that does -RRB- , nor is there a warning on the Amazon product pages -LRB- short of reviews like this -RRB- . One could speculate that they 're perfectly happy to let people buy their software knowing some wo n't be able to install it , but I 'll leave their motivation to give no warning to consumers to your imagination.UBI Soft 's tech support has said that this `` feature '' extends to * all * of their PC titles . So fair warning , particularly to folks with laptops where DVD/CDRW drives came standard , ask before you buy . Perhaps if enough people have a problem with this flawed policy , UBI will smarten up . `` Flawed '' because limiting installs to drives without write capacity is n't going to slow a determined game cracker/pirate down , it 's only going to prevent normal consumers from being able to install the game . Worse , they do n't find out until they 've opened the package and tried to install , which in some cases is enough to prevent a return and refund from the seller.I 'm certain this game deserves more than 1 star , and suspect it will see some good reviews from people who are able to install , but I ca n't give it more than a single . That 's a commentary on UBI Soft and their `` feature '' , not about the game itself . In fact , when I get around to writing a review of the XBox version , it may well merit a 5-star rating .
 Never could get this to install even after changing the DVDR drive for a DVDrom drive . UBIsoft needs to get it 's act together . It is no good alienating paying customers to stop copying by others . If you pay for a product it should work .
 I agree with the reviewers that have had problems with the copy protection . I just installed the game , and when I tried to run it , got a message saying something like `` Please disable CD/DVD emulation software and restart the game . '' Well . . I DID have Virtual CloneDrive running , and I use it for 100 % non-piracy purposes . I quit that app , then reran SC : PT a few times and got the same results . SO THE GAME DOES N'T RUN , and I have no emulation software running.This is extremely bad form for a game , and I 'm tempted to just ask for a refund instead of trying to work around the problem . How could they do this crap to their paying customers ? DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . We should be protesting poorly-tested copy protection schemes -LRB- which are always going to be cracked anyway -RRB- . After paying $ $ for a game , I SHOULD NOT HAVE TO DEAL WITH PROBLEMS LIKE THIS .
 First I 'd like to note that the first Splinter Cell was a very enjoyable game . This game has all the aspects of the first one when it comes to unique shading and excellent graphics , however , they did n't do anything new . It was like an add-on pack at best . Also for being such a large game -LRB- nearly twice the size of the first one -RRB- I would have expected it to be longer . The game is very short , there are many levels with zero body count and the story does n't really go anywhere . Not to mention there was n't any new weapons or special moves added . *** SPOILER *** What 's worse is you do n't even get to kill the two `` bosses '' , they 're just spy missions ! .
 Be careful when you buy this . Your video card has to supprt pixal shading . I bought a DELL less than a year ago and my video card is not good enough . Make sure you check if your card is on the supported video card list . Otherwise , you 'll spend 40 bucks on something you ca n't use .
 First of all if you do not have ahigh end system this game WILL NOT WORK even with the patchs installed.Second i loaded this game on a $ 5,000 AlienWare system and still it took me TWO DAYS to get it up and running.O.K . the game play and graphics are nothing special and the game play is so LINEAR that if you do not do the exact thing at exactly the right time you will get detected or killed.Case in point on the Paris train mission if you move too fast and do not go with the programming pace you will have to repeat and repeat the same thing over and over.This game was $ 40.00 wasted thanks Ubi-Soft , and all those good reviews are probably UBi-Soft employees.Talk to your friends and check the websites this game is 90 % bugged .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . I purchased it because it was suppose to be compatible with Windows XP and the CD that I received was not . My nieces and nephews were visiting and they were all set to use the video games and it would not work .
 First of all , this game is so bad I could n't play it for a minute . The Playstation version of this game is dirt when compared to it 's PC counterpart . The Playstation version does n't allow you to save in the middle of a mission , and also features horrible graphics and sound . Also , you ca n't play via the Net , unlike the PC version .
 If you 're thinking of getting this game , DO N'T ! For one thing , it 's impossible . I was playing Skrimish mode -LRB- where you build up your forces and the last man standing wins -RRB- and I got overrrun by large enemy forces before I even had time to build a War Factory . I coulnd ' t possibly have built as much stuff as they did in that short an amount of time . Also , the missions take a really long time -LRB- 1 hour or more for some -RRB- but you ca n't save in the middle of the mission . I strongly reccomend that you try this game before you buy it , because you probalby wo n't like it .
 I have known Red Alert . It is the best C&C so far . But the Playstation Copy has HORRIBLE SOUNDS and MUSIC , ca n't save , hard to play , HORRIBLE GRAPHICS and no Multiplay . It 's a stupid version . THis PSX version is a shame adn a dis to the Real Awesome Incredible Unbeatable PC Version . Take my advice .
 Not a great way to spend your money . It lacks the graphics , the customization abilities , and all else needed for a great game . I suggest , if you want a nice racing game , the following : -LRB- from best to next best -RRB- Gran Turismo 2Gran TurismoF1 World Grand PrixThose are you best chioces .
 Graphics are terrible , it is more arcade style then simulator ! They have stock car and Indy car modes , stock car is way easy to win all the races and be the stock car god , but switch over to the Indy car mode and you get the -LRB- ... -RRB- beat out of you every race ! The Andretti &#8217; s slam into you and just basically play dirty ! Trust me don &#8217; t waste your time or money on this one !
 Ca n't use dual-shock controller , graphics are piddling , car dynamics are not even realistic . Try GT2 instead .
 WHO CREATED THIS -LSB- GAME -RSB- ANYWAY . THE WHOLE THING IS A DISGRACE TO RACING FANS . THE GRAPHICS ARE THE WORST WE 'VE EVER SEEN , THE SOUND FX ARE POOR , THE GAS MILEGE STINKS . WHEN YOU DAMAGE YOUR CAR IT DOSE N'T LOOK REAL , NIETHER DO THE TRACKS . AND WHAT REALLY STINKS IS THAT YOU DO N'T GET TO PICK YOUR PAINT SCHEME OR NUMBERS . CHEAT CODES ARE N'T WORTH LOOKING UP . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ... PEICE OF INSANITY .
 This game sucks . The game play is bad , the graphics are bad , the game is all around bad . You do n't want to play this game . Find another one .
 Although the computer version of the series Command & Conquer -LRB- C&C -RRB- is definitely worth playing the playstation equivalent is not . This is most obvious in C&C Red Alert Retaliation . For anyone that has ever played any of the C&C Red Alert on computer , the new units are n't any good . The nuke truck can be easily blown up killing only infantry and power plants , the mad tank takes too long to fire its shockwave and is lightly armored so it is also easy to blow up , and tesla tank is only good against infantry leaving it vunerable to tanks . For those of you who have n't played C&C Red Alert on computer . This game is by far lame . You are not allowed to save in the middle of a mission , the mission starts over when you load it . Also it is annoying to play with a playstation controller because it does n't provide the same control as a mouse . This is not a game to get anyone . Get them the computer version it is much better .
 I bought this game because Square is my favorite developer of video games . Too say the least I was very disapointed . A very short game , took me less than 12 hours to beat it . Mediocre story line at best . Voice acting decent but not inspiring in the least . In my opinion there is little to no replay value . Where are the days of Secret Of Mana ? I asked myself many times when playing this so so game .
 Brave Fencer Musashi is one of the most horrid things ever to come out of Square . In fact , the only game by square that is worse is Ehrgeiz . The gameplay in Musashi is okay but the dubbing and puzzles are all very low rate , if you 're looking for a fantastic RPG , check out Xenogears or Final Fantasy -LRB- any of them -RRB- .
 RPGs are my favorite genre . Especially action ones , which are few and far between . I was hoping this would be another `` Zelda '' or `` Alundra '' with better graphics . But it was simply annoying . I cringed the first time I heard Musashi 's HORRID voice , and every other time I heard it . Big disappointment . The game was promoted as an RPG , but it does n't remind me of an RPG . It 's an annoying adventure game with annoying voice acting . The `` hero '' looks and sounds like a bratty ten year old . Definitely not for everyone , especially someone expecting a typical RPG . Do n't disappoint yourself like I did . This is the first time I ever returned a game , in the same night to boot ! Rent it first !
 I am a professional gamer and this is the hardest game i have ever played , not only that , but there is rarely any action to it , so dont let the beginning fool you , this game is worth it if you are professional , i beat it , but not very many people have , ... the worst buy i have ever bought , so dont get it unless it 's cheap
 Diablo was and still is one of my favorite original playstation games . Unfortunately i wore out my copy and i 'm trying to find a new copy . As much as I love Diablo there is no way in HELL i 'm going to pay $ 200 for this game !!!!
 Excellent graphics and game play but problems . You can not save the game when you want to . Every time you die and reload , you have to start in town . Every time you reload the game , the monsters regenerate in the levels that have been completed . This makes the game very tedious . In Blizzard 's efforts to make the game harder they have added unnecessary tasks that take the fun out of the game . They have done to Diablo what Quake did to Doom -LRB- not that Quake is a bad game -RRB- - make it overly complicated at the expense of fun . Also a few bugs - wait a few months before you buy .
 It 's widely knows that my favorite game is Champions of Norrath . So going back so far to the first Diablo on Playstation was extremely painful to me .1 . You can only save ONE game at a time . -LRB- But you can save your character , about three times before you run out of space . -RRB- 2 . The inventory is so small that you 're constantly walking back to town -LRB- or later , portaling back to town -RRB- , or you 're leaving behind everything nonmagical .3 . To say `` there 's no money '' is a ludicrous understatement . The first thing I did was hook up my GameShark to my console and set up the `` infinite money '' cheat . Normally , I try to avoid cheating , but this game was so silly , it was n't worth the effort .4 . Modern gameplayers will be disappointed with the graphics . But the music is amusing . Think of walking around in a gloomy dungeon while listening to a Metallica instrumental ballad like maybe , Fade to Black . Good atmosphere , bad graphics .5 . Either there are level porblems -LRB- monsters too hard or too easy -RRB- , or there are puzzles whereby certain areas require certain spells or weapons . There are some puzzles in the quests . As I said , I had infinite money , so most of the monsters were easy , until the 6th level where I could n't hit anything with the best weapon I had . Even magic seemed to have limited effect on the horde of demons .6 . The two player aspect is a complete waste of time unless you plan to restart the game from the beginning every time you want to switch players or characters . Because not only is it only possible to save one game at a time , but you ca n't load characters into an existing game like you can with Norrath . So with only one saved game in one hand and no loading of characters in another , the team play aspect is lost .7 . To put the capstone on it , it wo n't save at all on Playstation 2 . Most games will play on PS2 and save OK , but not this one . Actually that might be a blessing in disguise since the Gameshark only works well on PS1.I did give it three stars for `` Fun '' because it does have an addictive quality , even with all its faults . As a one player game , with only one character played straight through , it might be amusing . But I 'm amazed at what passes for `` classic '' and what once passed as `` fun '' in games . I 've been playing computer RPGs for decades , I even played text games , and I still play Nethack . I think that if you 're looking for classic RPG , there are better ones at lower prices . I think this one 's all hype .
 The graphics are awful , gameplay is even worse , the storyline is so repetative . All you do is go deeper under ground and fight the same looking monsters only stronger , I would n't waste your money on this awful game
 The graphics are awful , gameplay is even worse , the storyline is so repetative . All you do is go deeper under ground and fight the same looking monsters only stronger , I would n't waste your money on this awful game
 The overall impression of the game is ... eh . I would recommend renting this game before actually buying . There were plenty of characters and weapons , but there were just not enough moves to master in this game . Playing the quest mode a few times thru and the pattern of the game becomes rather stale . I did have fun playing it with some friends , but the interest never lasted .
 I played this game for 10 hours straight ... being instructed by someone who has owned the game for a long time ... and i HATED ITi found no strategy to it ... just hit the button and get luckyEhrgeiz is WAY better
 When I played my friend 's Bushido Blade -LRB- first one -RRB- , I found itamazing . So I went to buy the second one , and gues what ? It sucksroyally . Of course , it was cool in the beginning , but I quickly got bored of it . There are fewer weapons , which is the major drawback when comparing with the first BB , and the story game is a total bore . There are many more characters , but most of them have very similar moves anyway . The best parts are probably the school vs. school fights . Anyway , I sold it to some gullible guy I know . Do n't get this , get the original .
 Busido Blade 2 is as original as fighting games get . One strike one kill style Asain sword fighting . As for how that translates to game play though , give me a boreing old overhead life bar anyday . The rounds in Busido Blade 2 last seconds . It is near imposible to block a sword strike ! In the origional you could at least defend yourself a bit making it a much better game . So only play this if you are the most die hard fighting fan . I will take Tekken 3 , or Street Fighter Alpha 3 over this every day and twice on Sunday !
 This game is fairly primitive , both in gameplay and in graphics . It 's a straight-up fighting game that pretends to have a story and a purpose -- but basically you go from fight to fight , and that 's about it . I hardly ever play fighting games , or any games really , and I finished the game with one character in about a half hour . Supposedly they expect you to play through with every character , but hearing each character 's voice or slightly different way of fighting is hardly a reward . Compared to a game like Virtua Fighter 2 , this game pales , and I 'm sure there are lots more martial arts games out there that are more worth your time .
 forgot how bad graphics were then BUT that is irrelevant the story line sucked royally . there 's no real challenge unless you play another human but in the end it 's all about luck really .
 Made by the same producers of the Tekken series , I was quite surprised to have found this game extremely boring . The movie-bits that come programmed in this game were decent enough to watch , but the load time and the actual game play were slow and unexciting . If you 're into fast paced action type fighting games , this one is not for you . You 'd probably enjoy other fighting games like Soulblade -LRB- or Soul Edge , I keep forgetting the exact title -RRB- or any one of the Tekken games better than this one .
 Good graphics . That 's about the only good thing I can say about this game . For a generation that is used to such exciting moves and characters as from Street Fighter , Mortal Kombat , and Tekken , this game is a complete disappointment . I made the mistake of purchasing this game and was completely bored after about 30 minutes . There are no impressive moves , weapons , or story lines . Do n't necessarily take my word for it . But definately rent this game first before deciding to purchase it .
 This is a casino game that is n't worth trying . I 've had more fun watching grass grow . The games is dull and slow and the gameplay is identical . I 'd reccomend just going online to somewhere like pogo.com to play .
 I never received the game so it was impossible for me to play it ! DeluxDeals has got to be the worst people on here to deal with . Do NOT EVER do buisness with them ! After placing the order on December 17th , they say that it sould arrive on or before January 11th . Well , January 11th came and went and NO game ! It took over a week to finally get refund from them , but they did refund me . Just think twice before doing buisness with these people !
 This game is pretty bad , although it is fun to play soccer . It is not as good as the other Fifa games .
 I 'm afraid my experience with this title was NOT a pleasant one . I went through 3 copies of this and all were plagued with bugs . Not sure if it was a bad batch or what . The analog controller would not work with this game and the graphics were slow and choppy . Plus , each track has a section or two where EVERY time you get there , the whole game slowed to a crawl . I ride a sportbike and tried my best to enjoy this game . But , the slowdown , glitches , spotty graphics and lack of analog was too much and I finally had to return it . I hope you fair better , this title held a lot of promise .
 I can not believe Honda AND EA Sports actually lent their names to this excuse for a motorcycle race simulator . I remember playing a little known game for the Sega Genesis titled Kawasaki Super Bike that blew this one out of the water - nearly 8 years ago ! The graphics are poor , the play is choppy and hard to control . I can walk faster than these bikes can corner , and the handling all around stinks . Stay far , far , FAR away from this game .
 Do n't even consider this game . The graphics are horrible , the bikes do not react as if they have handlebars -LRB- meaning they do n't turn unless you are going under 30 mph -RRB- . This game seems more like an after-thought . Do not play ! get away from the evil that is this game .
 The picture on amazon.com is misleading . What you think is N64 controller for the PS1 is really no different than a regular PS1 controller ... . no middle handle , no trigger , no thumbstick , no dual shock . if you want another PS1 controller this is fine for the price .
 when i recieved this item , i realized that it did not have the joystick in the middle as it shows . So if you are ordering this item strictly because of the joystick , find a different product .
 beware of this controller it does n't look like that in the picture . It looks like an ordianrry ps1 controller
 Unimaginative , and not even good in comparison to other `` kart '' games.The game is highly focused on picking up magic crystals on the track and using them against opponents -- for example , getting three `` fire '' crystals hits * all * opponents with an unavoidable fire attack.And , frankly , what fun is that ? You race well enough to take the lead , only to get hit with a cheap shot ? There 's certainly no place for such anti-rewards in a game aimed at anyone over the age of five , and those younger wo n't be able to handle the twisty tracks anyways.Breeding and raising Chocobos in `` Final Fantasy VII '' was fun . Racing them around in mario-karts most certainly is not .
 the graphics are not as good , not much characters , it is a definitely below average game !!!
 This game is abosolutely terrible . Other than the stadium graphics there is not one redeeming quality about it . Avoid at all costs .
 I played Triple Play 2000 with my friend and I felt so sympathetic for my fiend and his new game that I took the game out of the N 64 console . I put MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL FEATURING KEN GRIFFEY , JR. immediately into the console , which is way way too underrated . The only thing that Triple Play 2000 has got going for it is it 's above average -LRB- 3-4 stars -RRB- graphics . And , trust me that is the only thing it has going for it . Every other aspect of the game I give 1 star , but if I could I would give those aspects of the Triple Play 2000 0 STARS .
 I am very dissapointed in this game ... It has great graphics on it , but it strayes from what Tribes was originally created for . I 'm what players on the game call an `` Old School Player '' so i have all 3 games in the Tribes Series . I started playing the original tribes back around 1998 , before Tribes 2 came out . The original tribes was extremely customizable on your equipement setups and allowed for easy server side modifications to the game . Tribes vengeance you cant ... You have 4 slots of equipment to choose from and thats it . You can not add equipment or special features to make your games unique . You can however make different game rules . The only part of the game i enjoyed was the grapple , being able to act like spiderman and sling shot around was fun for me and I enjoyed it . If i where to choose between the original Tribes , and Tribes
 Do n't get me wrong . I can tell that this is a great game , with excellent graphics , good gameplay , a good storyline and interesting characters . If you have a fast , modern PC I highly recommend it . However , if you have just an OK , mid-range pc like mine -LRB- My pc has a 1 Gigabyte processor and an nVidia Geforce 9.0 graphics card -RRB- , do n't waste your money . I got this game with high expectations ; everybody said it was great , and I could n't wait to try it out . But when I got it and installed it , I found that it had a number of problems that had nothing to do with the game itself , and everything to do with the fact that I did n't have a `` perfect '' pc . First of all , the loading screen before cutscenes and before each level take about six minutes apiece . Then , once you have waited the little bar to inch its way along the screen and you are dropped into the game , it completely stops for a long time and is jerky for much longer after that . These frame-rate drops happen fairly often during the game , and there is nothing more frustrating thatn waiting forever for your save-game to load and then , when you are finally able to play , having the frame-rate drop to zero with enemies all around you . Many times I have been in the middle of a large firefight and the game lags up as I am fighting for my life . By the time the frame-rate hitches itself back up again , there I am lying on the ground dead . Needless to say , this is extremely frustrating , especially because after this happens I have to wait all over again for the game to load . So , if your computer can handle it , by all means get it . If not , well , be warned .
 First off , best to warn you , the reader , that Vivendi Universal has no plans to patch the bugs that are apparent in the Multiplayer ... They cancelled the patch they had been working on , and no patches or fixes are planned/expected . Having gotten that out of the way ... Regarding the multiplayer
 Compared to Tribes 1 . This game absolutely is horrible . This should have stayed in beta and never released . It was a waste of the 25 dollars i spent on it . Sickening . Horrifying on how bad this game was turned upside down from the original . Little server modding capabilities . Only some of the things good about this game are the Ski Mode , Vehicles , Packs duel capabilities , that were implemented .
 I pre ordered this game and have enjoyed it on and off since getting it -LRB- playing the single player -RRB- . The problem is there are a lot of bugs that need to be worked out and Tournament mode not working removes a big part of the game.The fact that Vivendi Universal is choosing not to support this game any more makes it nothing more than a coaster on my desk . As soon as the announcement came out any one who was working on maps or mods for it left it for a more worth while project . The servers are slowly emptying and its now very hard to find a good server to play on where the match is n't entirly one sided.I highly reccomend not purchasing this product and saving your money for something better down the road . Even burning your money would be a better way of using it then buying this game .
 Not that believability should be integral to the success of a game , but all too often , I found myself shouting `` that 's a lie ! '' or `` that violates laws of physics ! '' while playing this game . What annoyed me , I guess , is that the game tries to present a fictional tale as though it really could happen in today 's world , dreaming up all sorts of metaphysics to support itself . -LRB- Intelligent atoms ? Please ! -RRB- Despite a somewhat ludicrous plot , the game is fun to play , if you like laborious action or are easily entertained . The fight engine is well-designed , yet difficult to get acquainted with , menus are unintuitive -LRB- do n't click the wrong button , or your gun vanishes forever ! -RRB- and the protagonist runs like a pack mule on NyQuill . This , plus the fact that areas are vast , makes for a slow-paced game , wherein you can spend an hour merely trying to get your character to her next destination.So if you 're looking for a game that combines the plot of Resident Evil with the fight engine from Secret of Mana , and throws in -LRB- then magnifies -RRB- the flaws from both games , this is a must have . Otherwise , spend your money on something else . -LRB- Like a bike , a tennis racket , a pair of skis , a book , etc. . -RRB-
 Interesting concept , but there are definetly much better games out there.Gameplay is bad , very confusing , and I lost interest in a matter of minutes . I expected better from SquareSoft !
 I bought this game and the graphics are terrible . the game is slow ... waste of time
 the worst game ive ever played , very weak weapons and by the way can only be used when eve reaches a certain enery level . if your a re fan you 'll probably hate this boring weak , weak game.i never completed game stupid and boring .
 I bought this game and the graphics are terrible . the game is slow ... waste of time
 To anyone who is trying to play this game today , I just want to say that I played this under optimal conditions -LRB- Christmas break , 1998 -RRB- at the height of my PS1 gaming power ... and this game was extremely , extraordinarly mediocre . I know that a lot of people are falling over themselves to play the sequel , but you have to ask yourself , if a sausage factory like Square has waited over 10 years to make a sequel to one of their most -LRB- at the time -RRB- expensive franchises ... was it really all that great?The game had a few good perks to it -LRB- customizable weapons , beautiful CG cutscenes , a pretty unique storyline for an RPG at the time -RRB- , but if you play it without the rose colored glasses of nostalgia and collectibility , you will find an utterly mediocre gaming experience . I beat the game from start to finish , and at the end of it I could only say `` I spent 30 hours of my life on this ?!? `` I gave it 2 stars mostly because it was a risk on Square 's part to break away from the successful Final Fantasy/sci-fi settings , which is commendable in itself , and I had approximately 2-3 hours of enjoyment out of it , but if you 're seriously looking to spend $ 180 on this game , it 's not worth it !
 Although the game did not totally suck , I must say this title did not agree with me . The story was a let-down compared the other Square games . It was way too short , I finishied in about four or five days , not even sitting there on the couch for the whole time . The characters were boring and bland , so I had no feeling for them whatsoever . Then to top it off the story was not that much of a jewel either . I would not waste your money if I were you because this game does not feel like an RPG , it 's almost a direct bite off RE . The only good thing was the FMVs
 Square 's `` cinematic RPG '' is game with not much excitment in it . The game starts off with a new concept for its plot , which has great potential . But the game lacks in its other departments . First the game is slow , and very boring . It 's nothing more than to chase the boss around the city trying to prevent the game 's boss from doing any evil . With that said , now everyone pretty much knows the premise for the game . The gameplay is n't that great , and there is n't too much on characterization for the one person you control . As earlier said , the plot held great potential but the game just could carry it off . On the plus side the game did have some of the best FMVs -LRB- Full Motion Videos -RRB- not seen anywhere else -LRB- except Final Fantasy VIII -RRB- , and the graphics were pretty good . But besides its eye-candy Parasite Eve was not much of a ` good ' game and there are certainly plenty of others to look for !
 I got this game expecting a lot . I was very disappointed . But first the good . The game is innovative , being a departure from the standard RPG by Squaresoft . The battle system was a good attempt , but did n't work too well . The cinematic features of the game were not disappointing . The cut scenes were wonderful and the overall graphics were pretty good . The storyline was interesting as well.Unfortunately , that did not make up for the confusing nature of the game . The weapon modification system did not work well , and as I said before , the battle system did not end up being as good as it could have been . The gameplay was not immensely fun either.Call it my opinion , but I did not enjoy this game at all and could n't wait to trade it in .
 This game has an interesting storyline , and some good cinematic sequences , but I was disappointed with certain aspects . For instance , you are n't able to bypass the cinematic scenes ... this can be annoying when re-doing a level multiple times . Also , most of the dialog is read-only -LRB- rather than spoken on the soundtrack -RRB- . For a game with it all , I 'd suggest Metal Gear Solid as a far more superior game .
 This is basically a chicks game , with toned down action , and horror themes designed to appeal to girls fears , most guys wo n't like it . More basically it 's a failed experiment in game design . They had an interesting problem here with figuring out how to blend two contradictory game models
 Too short , too easy , very boring , really . The storyline makes little sense and is rather inconsistant -LRB- to free the mitochondria ... huh , really , bad attempt at bio sci-fi here -RRB- , Aya is somewhat cool but pretty boring . The FMAs are almost all gratuitous , they very seldom have anything to do with actual story elements , and it seems Square relied only on that to sell the game . The graphic engine is good but poorly used
 Do n't let anyone fool you ; Parasite Eve is pure eye candy . The game itself is extremely sub-par , and most of it you will spend watching FMVs . If that 's your idea of a good game , fine , but I 'd call this more of a movie than a game .
 Not as exciting as most . In many places it moved very slow . I was dissapointed .
 Okay , so the graphics were really neat . Other than that , this game was barely worthwhile . I like corny storylines , but this one was way too corny . And I found myself having to seek out and beat the same idiotic baddies over and over again to get enough points to go to the next level , which was tedious . You also have to comb the same scenes over and over again to make sure you picked up all of the invisible weapon upgrades . But it was n't challenging at all . Just redundant redundant . The background sounds were annoying and the dialouge was silly . I do n't know why I bothered to beat this game . Now that I have , I do n't have any reason to beat it again . I 've seen all it has to offer , too many times !
 This game while pretty in some points suffers from some moments of stereotypical dialogue -LRB- cop moaning about his ex , kid and the rest of the world being less important than his job -RRB- . I wish the encounters would have been a bit more open ended than the location oriented encounters in the early parts of the game . I like being able to bulk up a bit before a baddie
 This is one of the worst games I 've played in years . Yeah , the graphic stills look great , but just try playing the game for more than an hour . It has the most obnoxious 3rd person camera I 've ever seen . It zooms in and out whenever it feels like it and you have no control over it . You would think that when the evil boss 's gigantic super tank pops up to splatter you that the camera would shift so you can look at it , but nope . You get to fight most of your enemies off screen . Luckily , you are equipped with an auto tracking device that renders any aiming skills you may have useless , and makes it basically a dodge ball game with a plot . Sound like fun ? Just wait until you 're trying to track down that helicopter firing missles at you and the camera keeps zooming in and out and spinning ! Yeah , it 's cheap , but so is sticking your finger down your throat , and that 's more fun . Save your money and buy something playable , like Grim Fandango , or The Sims .
 first of all , it 's not a comp . game , it 's a psx one . second of all , the whole thing was so shoddy that i could n't bring myself to play it . overall , just a bad game
 On the surface the game has a lot going for it but the execution and game play are abysmal . The concept is great , a mech-warrior cop running through crime ridden future Los Angeles , gaining new weapons , secrets , etc , perhaps a puzzle or two . However there are some major problems that prevent this game from being fun and you from returning to it .1 . Camera angle . Like the other reviewers said , the camera moves at will . You have no control , and never positions itself behind you so you 're looking askance at your mech/hovercar , which is great if your head happens to be at a 45 degree angle all the time . You must compensate for this with many extra moves on the controller , over and over again .2 . When you die , you must restart the whole level . Yes . The whole level from scratch .3 . The dispatcher is completely annoying . She 's there to , I assume , decipher the poorly layed out heads up display the game gives you . One bad feature for another I guess.This has so much potential and I want to return to it , but I know I 'll get annoyed by the controls , display , and lack of basic game freedoms .
 It is not a very nice game as once you hit the walls , you will fall.It takes a long time to get back on the bike.Thus , slowing you down.The good thing is that it is very challenging as the tracks get harder all the time.So if you are a racing maniac , you should get it .
 Not sure if its because its PC or what but this game has not impressed me control wise . It 's what the game has been known for and I am deeply disappointed . I 've used the Logitech controller as well and the control in this game compared to FIFA 06 is atrocious . I 'm putting it down to the PC , footie games should obviously be played on consoles because I loved the MLS game Konami put out on the Playstation 1 back in the day . Reaction time is HORRIBLE ! A deeply annoying game especially since I spent the time to make every team real and players real since Konami wo n't pony up for the licenses . In the immortal words of Farley ... AAAAAAAngry .
 the game did n't work . we tried it on an old and new system with no success . so it sucks . more words .
 Game did not work with Playstation 2 because it is a Playstation 1 game . It was supposed to though and did n't . Very disappointed .
 Over the years I played Road Rash and had many happy memories with it ... actually it was n't this game , it was Road Rash 64 . This game is a disaster , and a blight to the Road Rash franchise . To start off , the combat mechanics really do n't work and feel and haphazard . Unlike Road Rash 64 , which has smooth and tight combat mechanics and controls , this game does n't do just about everything right with the controls . It has a stupid driving mechanic ; you use the second analog stick to drive while using R1 to attack . WHAT THE F *** ?! WHAT 'S SO HARD ABOUT USING THE X BUTTON TO DRIVE ?! Next , is the crashing . When you get knocked off your motorcycle you have to run back to get your bike . With Road Rash 64 you get put back on your bike automatically , as with this game you have to find your bike and get back on it . The graphics are better looking than Road Rash 64 's and the character models are n't recycled , but this game is incredibly flawed and not fun -LRB- especially when a car randomly appears in front of you and you get hit -RRB- . This game is so disatisfactory that I 'm going to change my Road Rash 64 review and give it a higher rating . Avoid this game retro fans , you will hate yourself for playing it .
 I tried to play this game for a week before I through it in the garbage . The first Road Rash I have for the Sony PlayStation is much better .
 I bought this game the other week and found it would not play on my PS3 . I bought it because I used to play it at my friends house back in the day . Before I ordered it , I looked it up on Sony 's website and they stated the game had no problems . Anyway , if anyone out there is playing this on a PS3 comment backThanks
 c r a p p y. it c a m e w i t h s c r a t c h e s. unusable
 I got this game because I loved the Road Rash series on the Sega Genesis , where it originated , and also on the PC where it was improved because the game play was just as good but the graphics were much improved . Since , for some strange reason , they are not making any more Road Rash games , I decided that it would be good to play the versions on the Playstation.Foolishly , I let myself be influenced by the reviews here . If I had checked real reviews of the game on video game sites I would have known better . This game is terrible ! The graphics are terrible , which is fine because I knew they were n't going to be very good , although I did n't think they would be quite as bad as they are . The game play , however , shocked me ! At first I thought it was just that I chose a bad bike , but then I realized after trying all four -LRB- I think it 's four -RRB- of the bikes that you have a choice of at the beginning , that it was n't the bike that was the problem , it was the control.The control of the bikes is terrible ! Be prepared to crash and lose control a lot . Adding insult to injury is the fact that even the crashes are a giant leap back from the much older Genesis versions . No more spectacular crashes , just a pathetic scene that looks like it was programmed by a five year old or someone who just really did n't care.I will admit that I did n't go much further in my evaluation of other aspects of the game , but what would have been the point ? I just wanted to get a away from this game as quickly as possible before it tarnished my opinion of the series.I really ca n't help but wonder what the people here who reviewed this game were thinking . Did you actually play it , or did you just remember it fondly from past versions and assume that this one would be just as good ? I do n't get it !
 High Stakes is definately a better game ... If you enjoy being a cop against the computer , then go for this one . . if your thinking of becoming a speed demon then go for this . I also recomend renting it first . . graphics / sound suck .
 Need For Speed III Hot Pursuit is n't one of the better looking driving games around . The screen shots look far sexier than the actual gameplay . The driving is really floaty and bogus . The sound effects are n't anything special either . On the upside , pursuit mode is a blast . Unlike GT Interactive 's Driver , the cops in NFS3 use intelligent strategy , boxing in the player with multiple units , or forcing him off the road rather than simply ramming with brute force . All in all , this is definately a try-before-you-buy title . Good luck .
 Fortunately I bought a used copy of this game . The graphics are o.k. , but lack sharpness . When it is dark and rainy , your eyes will fall out - and I have a Digital TV . The responsiveness and ability to control the cars is poor.Not much fun !
 This is one of Playstation worst games yet ! Playstation is know for its great games plus Playstation is the # 1 selling system ever ! One of the few exceptions is Road Rash.Road Rash is a very bad game . I mean you basically play the whole game in 2 minutes . Hey do n't get me wrong I usually like the Road Rash series they were one of my favorites on the Genesis , but not on the Playstation.Plus the characters in the game with that so called `` puppet animation '' who could look at those guys for 5 minutes and live tell me I want to know.Plus they basically did n't do anything to the levels compared to the Genesis Road Rash . The levels are still at Genesis 's level or animation ! You ca n't do worst than that . Like I said I like the Road Rash series on the Genesis , but that was when the Playstation did n't exist ! I bought this game hoping it would be a greatly improved game from the Genesis version , but actually I think I like the Genesis version better . I mean at least it was original and the first , but this new one should be up to Playstation 's animation level not the Genesis or Game Boy 's ! Do n't be dumb and waste your good money on this game . Go out and buy some games with Playstation standards !
 If you remember the original Populous for PC 's , then do n't bother with this game . It 's nothing like the Original , and you will be disappointed . The graphics on this are primative , game control sux , and the game just is n't that fun to play .
 Please stay away from this game . The controls are frustrating , the graphics are poor , the music and sound effects just plain stink , and the booming voice from above sounds so stupid its laughable . Also when you are doing the mission its so hard do the mission I ended up killing all of my people because I got confused about the where the magic attack was going . Please if you see this game run as fast as you can .
 I was reading through some of the glowing reviews for this and I still ca n't believe that no one has called this game for what it is , a Turkey ! The fighting system is garbage . The graphics where ugly . The play controls are so awful it makes me wispful for Pit Fighter . There are cameos from Final Fantasy 7 that you can unlock , if thats your thing . If you are like most people who enjoy a good fighting game for what it is , I promise you will not be too moved by this novelty . You may care even less if you hated Final Fantasy 7 , like myself . I would compare this fighting game license title to LucasArts Star Wars
 I received a generic spiderman ps2 controller . It was NOT a Minicon . It does not light up and has turbo buttons on it . I could n't send it back because it was a birthday present that my son was watching the mail for . The projected arrival date was on his birthday , even though I ordered it 14 days before . It arrived 3 days after his birthday . He was disappointed that it did n't light up , but the controller functions properly so it wasnt a total loss .
 I purchased this expansion pack so that I would be able to use the web add-ons that are provided by the game 's maker , Blue Wolf . I have been unable to get the game to load due a file on the disk that I bought that is corrupt . This information was told to me by Blue Wolf when I wrote them regarding the problems that I was having with the game . They said the ccdata.ccx file is corrupt and the expansion pack is not able to be fully used . I am not happy with this situation and would hope Amazon will inform the seller that they are selling defective products .
 Samurai Warriors is a hack n'slash game for the Xbox . It is played in the Third person view . You pick a warrior and fight along your army in Feudal Japan , you 'll also get two bodygaurds that will attack your nearby enemies to protect you . There are hundreds of enemies on screen and the action is very good if you like these type of games . The gameplay is similar to Dynasty Warriors series 1 thru 4 . The sounds are the same , the graphics are the same and the levels feel like the same thing . In fact , Samuai Warriors feels EXACTLY the same as Dynasty Warriors . There is nothing innovative in gameplay to set these games apart . This game actually takes one step backwards , by including a lousy camera system . They also added indoor levels where you fight random enemies in mazelike castles , filled with booby-traps . Sounds exciting , but it is rather boring . Do n't buy this game expecting new and refreshing game mechanics , because it feels and plays pretty much like all the DW series . The game creators are laughing to the bank while you play the same old game over and over . The only work they did was make it into a Japanese setting and creating new dialog for the story . Do n't get me wrong , I love DW games but expected something different this time around . How many times are they going to milk this same cow?Pros : + excellent action + bodyguards A.I. improved + good sound + good graphics + good music + fast loadingCons : - same like all DW games-same graphics-same sound effects-same levels-bad voice-acting returns-bad camera system-boring indoor/maze levels-nothing new
 Once Iinstald it in I was excided . But when it was done it keep frezeing . so I keep trying and it started working . about half way throgh sonics part it froze again . so I did the same thing and it still did n't work . So now I 'm stuck on one part. : -LRB-
 I bought this game 2 weeks ago and paid $ 25 on Amazon . Game Stop offered only $ 6 for a trade-in value . What does that tell you . This game took me only 5hrs to complete . Not worth the money .
 For the $ 20 I paid for this , I got another batch of campaigns for the original SC -LRB- not BW -RRB- . But that 's it . The multiplayer maps included are atrocious ; very little detail , and most of the time , imbalanced . Do n't buy this ; you 're not missing out on much .
 The one that included a travel case , 4 disc jackets , screen guard , car charger , USB data cable and a polish cloth anyway I did n't much care for it . The USB cable is too short to comfortably put the PSP on the desk while transferring files . The cable is only about 2 feet long so its only long enough to sit on top of the PC which is n't too safe because it could fall . The car charger is cheap because earlier today the thing burned out and when I noticed it the thing was very hot to touch . I had to pull it out of the dc outlet with a napkin ! I 'm starting to question Pelicans accessories especially since the recall of the power brick now this . On to other things the case holds 4 UMD 's with the jackets on , but the two that go in the flap part of the case puts pressure on the PSP screen which over time probably could damage it .
 I bought this product for one reason and one reason alone and it was for the thumb piece that the picture displays ! When I got the package in I was shocked that it did n't come with the thumb piece ! I do n't mind the car charger but come on . Can we say FALSE ADVERTISEMENT ????????
 It is a very very very very very very very very very very very bad product and is not worth it . It depends on you it is not excellent quality.No screen protector , no cleaning fob / wrist lanyard , althouth is listed in the package.When I got the package in I was shocked that it did n't come with the thumb piece ! I do n't mind the car charger but come on . Can we say FALSE ADVERTISEMENT ???????? Never try to buy this product or you were remaining frustrated when you receive it
 it is a horrible product and is not worth it . It is a good product though . depends on you it is not excellent quality .
 my husband just bought me a psp 3000 ... it dose not fit the psp is to big ... waste of money ... if you have a psp 3000 do n't buy this ...
 VERY ANNOYING.This game even starts off annoying . You must BUY your opening deck with duel points that you start with . Now , that is okay but when the starter decks are Yugi 's original , Seto 's original , and Joey 's , then that is a little rough given this game goes by the NEW rules . The first time you try to get into a duel , you are penalized and can not duel because the deck has Monster Reborn or Dark Hole or Ring of Destruction . All illegal cards now . So you have to take out those cards and put in crappy monsters -LRB- 1400 or less attack -RRB- and try to duel people so you can get points to get more cards.Given that there are NO easy matches in here -LRB- even Tristan will kick your butt this time -RRB- , getting points is VERY hard . Not to mention you have to go to your house after you do win and sleep to save your win because I 've not found that it auto-saves yet . And each time you sleep , the day of the week changes . So basically , you get 1 duel a day unless you push your luck and risk more.This entire game series is really getting to the point of not being worth messing with . If I did n't have to give it at least one star , I would n't bother . It 's a sad day for those of us who love the Yugioh franchise .
 This game was so boring when it came out . It was all hyp nothing more . the AI still sucks , the cards you get suck even the whole RPG theme it has going sucked . Like one someone said you get your first starter deck and you think your ready to go nope , some little loser starts bothing you and telling you that the cards in your deck are n't meant for dueling so you have to discard them from your deck . The game is slow the whole thing about resting is boring , dueling a dog is stupid and i still wonder why we 're still useing some guy we dont even know . The guy has goku hair if you look at it , im serious . But over all the game is a waste of money . If you want to dish out cash you might as well send it to me .
 This game is terrible on the eyes . You ca n't see anything . You ca n't see the fighting and sometimes ca n't even tell what direction you 're pointed in . The graphics are so poor you ca n't even tell what items are what . There are text graphic descriptions but they 're blurry and the font is very small . This pie menu they have come up with for inventory is horrendous . Special skills are listed in this `` pie menu '' so it makes it difficult to use them in combat .44.99 ? Waste of money . Rent first .
 Too small ... you ca n't see what is really happening as you attack your enemies . I was n't expecting Mortal Kombat style fighting or anything . . but as other reviews have said characters are just tiny on the screen.The story seems to have inspired a few people . I thought it left a lot to be desired . I did n't bother with more than the first few levels . I 'm very glad I rented this game first . With the variety of games out there , I 'm sure you can do better .
 okay so looked at the other reviews on other sites and stuff and they all said the graffics were awesome and the game was basically to die for . i admit that the reviews were made like 5 years ago but when i got the game all the other dreamcast games i have been playing have way better graffics the idea for this game is good but i found hardcore glitches within the first 5 minutes . made me really not like this game i walked off the screen and then i couldnt get back on the screen . i am very disapointed with this game .
 Do your self a favor and avoid this `` game '' at all costs . The graphics are terrible , the fighting is boring and the idiotic camera will drive you INSANE . I only played this game for about 10 minutes , but that was enough to see how terrible it was . It 's a steaming pile of fecal matter so do n't contaminate your Dreamcast by putting this filth in it !
 Silver just does n't cut it in my opinion . The story line is weak , predictable , and fragmented . The graphics are n't bad , but by no means are they ground breaking . There are also instances where you need binoculars to see the characters because they get so small . I also felt that the play control could have been better arranged . While the game does not fail completely , it does come close . There are just better games to buy with your money , in my opinion .
 This game was not worth the money . The `` advanced physics '' in the game only make it harder to manuver , although it does have options for how realistic the physics are ... but they do n't work . The action in the game is n't great , it 's pretty slow , plus you ca n't tell enemy ships apart from ally ships . The is just pretty slow . The graphics are n't even all the impressive . For all you gamers out there ... this game is n't worth ... bucks !
 This was supposed to be a fun game . In many retrospects it is especially when your online and playing against other people ! YEAH ! I just love sneaking up and blowing them away . The problem unfortunately is that when I bought the game it was totally messed up . It had several problems including the fact that the video movies could n't play right . Many errors where found . Can you say Beta testing ?! Obviously not considering it was an independant game . Probably a college project by the looks of things . Unfrotunately what could have been a good game is simply put ruined by many errors .
 What you get out of this game , like anything , will depend on what your expectations are . Presuming that you are approaching this title for the same reasons that people approached the first three CM titles , and for the same reasons that the developers claim to have published the game , this reviewer feels you will likely be disappointed . That reason would be to find a playable , entertaining , perhaps even thought-provoking squad-based , company level tactical 3D wargame.The positives ; CM : SF at its most basic level seems like its predecessors . The player is presented with an open ended game with a map editor , scenarios , a linked-scenarios game option , and a random scenario generator . Play is still turn-based , with 1 minute `` movies '' interspersed with orders phases in which both sides give orders . Play is resolved simultaneously . Even board game designers knew that `` Si-Move '' was more realistic than sequential turns back in the early 1970s . Additionally , those Zombie-critters in the first CM games have been replaced with stunning 3D models , and adequate animations . All the wheels on the tanks turn , men reload magazines , they even give first aid to injured soldiers . And hey , you want to play in real time and forget the goofy turn system , there is a real time option too . And if you still want to stop and catch a breath , you can pause the real time . They fixed the `` borg spotting '' and now each unit traces LOS independently of others.So what could possibly be wrong ? It 's the same old CM , just better , and more features , right?Unfortunately , no . Aside from the most obvious change - a modern day fictional war in Syria that may or may not appeal - many of the old CM features have been gutted . First of all , the game is so data-heavy , with individual tracking of ammunition and small arms fire , that PBEM files are bloated . There is also no way to play turn-based over the internet . It 's real time only . If you were a fan of the Quick Battles - there are no random maps . The data was too much to be able to do them `` on the fly '' . There are no more point purchase systems for the QBs , either.In game , there are a lot of handy features that did n't make the transition - LOS tools or ambush or shoot-n-scoot or seek hull down . Some have work arounds -LRB- the target command works as an LOS - unless you have an unarmed unit -RRB- , but some do n't . The main objection is that the biggest complaint about the old CM - the 3-man representations on the map of entire infantry squads - have been replaced with 1:1 representation . But the individuals on the map do n't act like individuals . Just about everything is abstracted ; there are no interior walls in buildings - but there are exterior windows and doors -LRB- you can tell because the men wo n't jump through the windows , and the pathfinding is so poor that men will run circles around entire buildings trying to find the doors even if it means exposing themselves to fire to do it -RRB- . LOS is supposedly drawn to each man individually , but an underlying 8x8m grid of `` Action Spots '' also controls such things as movement - though there are no visual clues on the map as to what is determined by the action spots , or where they are , exactly . You still control squads as if they were squads - not individuals - which means if you want to replenish your squad 's ammo from its APC -LRB- another welcome new feature -RRB- - you send the entire squad running off the firing line to do it where in real life you 'd just send one man back for an ammo can or an armful of bandoliers . There is a serious `` scale-mismatch '' as one veteran wargamer described it at the official forums . The developers lost sight of what made the original game fun and tried to broaden their retail base to include real time customers while abandoning commitment to crucial philosophies of game design.Worst , perhaps , the AI has largely been removed . Granted , it was silly to watch platoon HQs and mortars leading counterattacks in the first CM games , but the AI in CM : SF is entirely scripted . The scenario designer now sets the agenda by having the enemy react to the clock , not the tactical situation . There is still a TacAI , but the developers are still working out the bugs , and it mostly determines defensive actions . The AI wo n't counter-attack you if you take a victory location - unless the script calls for it . There are multiple scripts available for each scenario , but the AI still wo n't act dynamically to what you are doing except by sheer coincidence.The `` campaign '' released with the game replaces the popular Operations model of the earlier CM games . You will never be able to fight over the same terrain as in the early games . Instead , you have a simplistic branch system of linked scenarios with which you have no control to make decisions on which units you will employ - you 're there for the ride.If you 're mostly interested in pretty graphics , CM : SF wo n't disappoint . The night-time effects are good ; daytime effects are ok - still some work to be done on shadows , and battlefront has said they have no way to fix the fact that bunkers and trenches are impossible to hide . That 's right - you get a bunker or a trench and the terrain is deformed wherever you put it , and the enemy can see that wherever you place it on the map -LRB- actually , the scenario designer will place the trench for you - it 's not your call , and you ca n't dig foxholes , either , nor are there roadblocks or barbed wire -RRB- . Unhidden trenches and bunkers are not cool for head-to-head play . Between two friends , not an issue , but perhaps its no small wonder there have n't been any tournament ladders springing up with the same wild abandon they did for the first CM games . As nice as the vehicles look on the move , other animations are silly - inappropriate weapons reload animations -LRB- those US troops do n't know how to use the hold-open device on a reloaded M4 apparently -RRB- and really silly building demolitions - pull you out of the environment pretty quickly.The official forums for the game will inform you far better than a review here . The fact this game went to the clearance bin so quickly should inform you also . Nine months after release and the game has seen 8 patches -LRB- one was required on release day -RRB- with no official announcement to when the patches will be complete . And yet the game is already retailing for less than 8 dollars . Compare the price of this game to that of its earlier predecessor Combat Mission
 Overall a decent game with great graphics HOWEVER-I found controlling units difficult compared to games like Rome Total War -LRB- e.g. no option to set a formation -RRB- - crashed several times -LRB- though I did n't download the patches yet -RRB- . This game played much better with a mouse than on my laptops touchpad .
 First off , I was big fan of this developer 's last games Combat Mission Barbarossa to Berlin and Beyond Overlord . I thought it was pretty realistic like Operation Flashpoint but from a command perspective . My real complaint about this new game series is that the control interface feels awkward and cumbersome compared to the simplistic control interface in Combat Mission Barbarossa to Berlin . Also , when I move my mouse around to view the world , it flies off real fast which I found nauseating . It might be a problem with my mouse though . And it 's sometimes hard to move troops to different parts of the building so they can take cover or set them up in a fixed position like in CM : BB and CM : BO . The lesson to be learned here is to seriously play the demo first before buying it even it might be priced cheap by now at the store in order to see if you like it or not . -LRB- I bought this game pretty cheap at a used bookstore -RRB- . That is what I used to do all the time before buying new games . They should have kept the AI and the control interface from the last game engine but with the new good graphics . I was waiting for a WW2 version of their new game engine because their CM : BB and CM : BO was superior compared to other Command and Conquer type WW2 strategy games . But I think I 'll skip this new game series or I 'll play the demo first if it 's anything like Combat Mission Shock Force .
 This game is possibly one of the worst pc games ever and a disgrace to king kong fans . The graphics are bad and gameplay is atrocious , all you do is climbing a building and knocking down planes . This kind of gameplay gets repetitive . Do not buy !
 I can not believe that time was actually put into making this game . It 's not even basketball . Everyone says it has good graphics , but it does n't ... they 're horrible . Everyone shoots with their hand curled around the ball in the stupidest way possible , the rims look totally fake , and the dunks might as well not be in the game ... they 're that bad . All in all , this game just does n't look , feel , or play like basketball . Try NBA Live 2002 where the dunks are amazing and each player looks so much like his NBA counterpart . Inside Drive , my friends , ca n't be called basketball , it 's not even worthy of being called a game . I ca n't believe i bought this one . OUCH . -LSB- NICE -RSB- GAME . Oh , and do n't by NFL Fever 2002 either , because it is totally unrealistic and stupid looking like this game . Stick with EA Sports , or be disappointed .
 This game was a total dissappointment ... The gameplay is incredibly sluggish and the moves are way too basic . The graphics are great but that does n't save this travesty of video basketball
 Nice graphics , but nothing extraordinary . After initial minutes playing you can see why NBA Live 2002 and NBA2k2 would far exceeds in control and challenge . Extras , like fantasy draft , are a nice , but could have been better time spent on the game engine.Stick with the real sport games developers , like Sega , and get NBA2k2
 this game is pretty bad , the controls are sluggish and the shots are bogus . the 2 stars go to the graphics which are pretty good . my advice wait for 2003
 Ok , now I thought this would be one of the best basketball games ever , but I learned thhis is one of the worst . You should definately buy Sega 's NBA 2K2 . In this game the graphics could use a ton of work and they take out all of the fun features like 3-point shoot outs . If you are thinking of buying it I would reccomend you rent it or at least see NBA 2K2 before you buy . Bottom line DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I dont know what i have to say but please just wait for 2K2 . This game has preety bad graphics for an Xbox game and it does the same thing for each person after scoring baskeets ! Wait for a BETTER bball game .
 If you want to compare this game to Gamecubes NBA courtside , there is only one way to . YOU CANT.This game is really bad . the graphics are not good and there is no franchise mode and the gameplay is real dumb . Its almost physically to make a free throw . i prefer you go buy a gamecube .
 Save your money for NBA 2K2 . Microsoft is merely copying Sega and EA with their sport franchises and doing a poor job at it .
 Failure . Here 's why1 . No Franchise mode , I mean come on ! Franchise is everything , and is what killed this game . No franchise = No real fun . I probably would have gotten it if this had n't been the case .2 . The overall gameply . According to everyone it 's to easy , the annoucers are horrible , the players look stiff . And is it just me , or is the stadium really dark ? So much more could have been done . Better gameplay , graphics , and overall depth is how this game failed.What I did like about this game was the passing and shooting style . The passes were cool and easy , and the shots looked awsome . Unfortunantly , everything is dark , the rims dont look like rims , and the gameplay is easy to beat . Trust me , I 've played this game.Overall , this game just did n't live up to what it could have been . But Microsoft already fixed the problem with the 2003 edition . The game has a ton of dunks , fluid player animations , and a whopping 25 season franchise mode . Sure , it 's 60 % more to pay , but it 's either that , or this . Go for the new and improved 2003 edition . Either that , or go for NBA Live 2002 or NBA 2K2 . Thx !
 this game is really bad . i bought it and i cant get past the first level . the hornets get verrry annoying after a while , there is no targeting system to shoot with , you sometimes cant see yourself , the graphics arent the best in the world , and the idea is totally different from what i thought it would be , so unless you want to lose money , dont buy this game !!!!
 I ordered this game for my grandson on 12/17/02 . I still have not received it and the seller has not answered my inquiries . It was suppose to be here by the 24th of Dec. and it is now the 28th . I am not very happy about this . My daughter and my grandchildren went back home yesterday . Now , if the game ever comes , I will have to ship it to him , so more shipping fees . As far as rating this game , of course , that 's impossible.Thanks , Tyne Dickie
 This is the lamest game in the entire universe . A badly cel-shaded RACING platformer . Yah . You RACE guys then kill him.Just buy Crash Bandicoot for PSone or Ratchet & Clank of the PS2 . Just ANYTHING but THIS !!!
 This was the worst game that i ever played . If you think it 's going to be a continuation from TOY STORY 2 , IT 'S NOT ! First of all it 's more like a race car game than an adventure game . I bought this game for my seven year old son , and he is a buzz lightyear fan , but he ca n't stand this game . You have to collect all these items to advance to the next level , and that was fun , but even when he collected all of the medals the game still would ` nt let him advance . I thought maybe he was missing something , so I gave it a shot , and I could ` nt get past the fourth level . I collected every coin and beat the big boss at the end of every level and the game still would ` nt advance me . what fun is that ??
 Hard to tell it 's Star Trek . Kept my 6yo boy entertained for a few hours , but was too frustrating to really enjoy , and lame overall . Bleah . If you want to do Star Trek ship fighting , get Star Fleet Command !
 When i first saw this game i thought `` since i only have a PS1 this would be good `` but when i played it . it was just a shooter game nothing like the original star trek or star trek next generation or any of the others i mean none of there ships were in any of the other shows at all . Its just a star wars game ina a star trek disguise . I ' v got nothing wrong with star wars but when you want a star trek game you dont want star wars.The other probablm is that i cant get past mission 5 i ' v played over 9 hours trying to beat it ! I looked up cheats and their is only one
 I 'm sorry ! I really try to be understanding and tolerant to the level of difficulty and learning curve of most of today 's platform games . I like the way a person is prompted to buy a game enhancer for codes and unlimited power and life . On Invasion one example is mission 5 where you are on a rescue mission and have to tow a shuttle to a mother ship . You ca n't clear enemy fighters as there is a endless supply . You do n't have any speed to tow and ca n't fight and tow at the same time . When you do tow you ca n't protect the shuttle and you are also bombarded until you or the shuttle is destroyed . There is no target lock -LRB- only motion lock -RRB- torpedos are your best guess . Horrible game . I will sell it on an online auction !!!! I hate this game . No stars .
 Now it 's going to be released in March ? What happened ? First it was September 29 , then November 2 , then November 21 , Then February 23 ... at this rate I may as well wait for the X-Box version .
 I did a trillion point combo . Man , that 's good .
 This game is terrible !! Dave Mirra 's game is way better . It 's almost impossable to land a trick , and what 's up with not being able to choose tricks you do ? The demo I have really turned me away from this game . The graphicks are worse than Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater !! I played the game once , and have n't again . Do n't buy it , it 's a waste of money .
 this game looks like an old bad ps1 game and is n't any fun
 This game had a lot of hype building it up and even i am disappointed . The most random stuff happens , which is n't excusable . You randomly get caught in corners and bounce off walls , and each time you fall it takes you around five seconds to get up , which makes it diffucult to reach the outrageous goals in the poorly designed levels . All around , Activisions main selling point was it utilized the THPS game engine , but the two are n't even comparable in quality , probably because Runecraft took the place of Neversoft on this game . Overall , buy this game if you see it at a garage sale for three bucks , otherwise do n't waste your hard earned cash
 From what I 've seen so far , and the stinky demo that came with Hawk 2 , it 's gon na be a dud . They 've held it back for 6 months probably cause they knew it was weak , but they 've got ta release it sooner or later ...
 We 've been waiting 5 months for this game with a current release date of May 18th . Would someone please tell us how these people managed to either play or review this game ?
 I ca ` nt believe that this game still iz ` nt out ! I played the demo and was excited and waited for it for Christmas like they said and it never came out but then my friendz finally talked me into playing the Mirra BMX game and it rockz ! Compared to the Hoffman demo there are soooo many tricks you can do and the crashes are sick ! The whole game is hecka sick ! And I do ` nt care when Hoffman comes out now , I already played Tony Hawk .
 My 61/2 year old son was so excited about getting this game , he talked about it constantly while we waited for it to be delivered . But when he started playing it , he was so disturbed by the blood splatters , he left the game in tears . We have so enjoyed Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 4 , we assumed this product was comparable . Since when are blood splatters OK for `` Everyone '' -LRB- the game is rated E -RRB- ??? Tony Hawk , you should be ashamed to offer this game to young children . My son ended up very disappointed , and my husband and I were outraged .
 I played the demo featured on the THPS2 disc and laughed . I doubt Runecraft will be getting much more work from Activision based on this performance . The skateboard has been replaced with a bike and the rider models changed , but that 's about all that seperates this one from Hawk 1 . That , and the fact that it 's impossible to land . And the motions look terrible . And just generally not fun to play . Oh yeah , they left the skateboard sounds in - very strange.If you 're in the mood for a bike game , go buy Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX . It blows this one away in every category .
 Collect the letters L. A. T. E . This game should have come out back in September .
 I made this one star because if your like me i dont read too many 5 start reviews because everyone has the same opinion , i tend to look at only the bad reviews , this isnt a bad review but keep reading . I am an ex skater , currently practicing architect . I bought the first version and thought TOny 1 was off the hook , i was a bit leery about the sequel because the developers usually -LSB- mess -RSB- it up . However , this game is far more better then Tony 1 . If the soundtrack doesnt get you into the game i dont know what will , killer soundtrack . The skaters are impecable with more control for the user . I swear playing with Cab takes me back to the bones brigade days!Dude , what happened to Lance . The levels are phat and much bigger . Whoever says that this game -LSB- is n't good -RSB- should just throw away they 're playstation . Hey guys get working on Tony 3 , and bring back the other old school skaters .
 I bought this game after hearing everyone say how great it is . I have previously been burned after going for games , movies , etc that everyone said was excellent . I dunno , maybe I have very high expectations when everyone builds something up ? anywho , this game is a disappointment . The tricks are fun to do for the first couple of hours or so , but it gets old real quick , plus the difficulty of accomplishing the missions objectives is , in my opinion , needlessly difficult.I got this game for Christmas and I 've stopped playing it already -LRB- today 's 12/27/2001 -RRB- . Waste of $ 20 ...
 Gave it a one star just so you would read my review ... First I must say skating is life and life is skating , this game is something to keep me amused when I cant skate.My life has been all about skateboarding and video games . Since the Atari 2600 I 've been trying to find a game that gave me the same rush that skating gives me . This game is almost funner than skating itself . I was hooked on the first one but it left much to be desired , like the manual , rock and roll , and tailslides . The sequel is now complete and I ca n't think of one thing that can be done to improve this game . You can build your own park and make your own skater . This software is not only a game but a tool that can be used by skaters for skaters to come up with new lines and help in building new parks . The possibilities are literally endless , for I ca n't seem to cease coming up with new things that can be done with this game.I own the N64 and the first one ran great on that . But when I found out it was n't coming out for the N64 I went out and bought a playstation just for this game . Crazy , but well worth it.Peace and keep sk8ing
 tony hawk pro skater 2 is probably the worst video game ive ever played the graphics ar very bad !! the streets are terrible and its the same game as the first one . this is a warning dont waste your money on tony hawk pro skater 2
 I bought this for my 8 year old grandson for Christmas and his father took it away from him due to the nasty language and songs on it .
 The first Tony Hawk 's : Pro Skater , besides Grind session , was THE BEST skating game there is to date . The FUN FACTOR FOR THE FIRST WAS SO GOOD . The skaters were fun , the multiplayer mode was great , the trics were sweet , and you kept the tricks you had.In the 2nd things are n't qute as great . Although having music that people have actually heard of , like Papa Roach , and Rage Against the Machine , and yes even Powerman 500 . And the graphics are a lot more weird . In this game you have to buy your tricks for your skaters . Instead of tapes in this one you get money . They also have manuals which are pretty cheap because you can keep doing them to gain racks of points over someone who has no idea what they are.They also take off points if you land the tricks sloppily or give points if you do them perfect . Levels are not as fun at all , and do not even come close to the levels in the first one , such as warehouse and different skate parks . Oh and the level building opton . Sure good idea , but it takes a lot of time and if the levels are n't that fun to play on then there 's no point . The one good option they gave was the 2 player free skate and tag , 2 new choices to the old multiplayer . Overall I did n't like this gagame at all . options . I ` mnever renting this game , I wouldv ' e given it Zero but they did n't have the option .
 alright i would first like to say that i actually skate , and i am not a fat man on his couch that plays video games all day long . i have found one word to describe the quality of this game
 This game is the worst game for playstation i have ever played . the graphics are horrible !
 This was possibly the worst playstation game I played at the E3 convention . Awful graphics , awful control , awful everyting . You are better off getting this game for the Dreamcast , which was superfly . If you buy this game , you need to seek help . Whichever is best for you .
 This game could have been quite good , but unfortunately , it seems to miss all possible target audiences . It 's too easy and annoying for adults and too hard and annoying for kids . The games big drawback is its clunky controls , which do n't allow for the careful movements you 'll need to land Simba on the next highest ledge or get rid of those pesky hyenas . Speaking of which , your anti-hyena arsenal is fairly -LSB- bad -RSB- . As young Simba , you have a roar with -LSB- little -RSB- range , a pounce which looks more like a bellyflop , and a rolling attack which can easily send you rolling off one of those narrow platforms . As adult Simba you have ... the exact same attacks . You would think that maybe Simba 's roar would become more effective , his pounce more impressive , or at least that he 'd trade that roll in for a maul . But no , he 's just bigger.Storywise , this game does n't have much to offer . Nine levels or so take you through both the original Lion King and the direct to video sequel . Clips from the movie , looking a bit high on pixels in their translation , attempt to bridge the segments , but unless you 've already seen both movies , it wo n't make much sense . The shortened plot of the two films omits everything from Mufasa 's death to the first half of the sequel which , it seems , is actually about Simba repeatedly rescuing his adult daughter and having a final showdown with Zira.The graphics department does n't offer much either . In polygon form , the characters look chunky and uninteresting . None of them are animated too well , making the game seem even more dated . The music and sound effects are all right with a few pretty good choral pieces . But someone forgot to compose a final battle score , so Simba fights Zira to an uninspired `` doo dee dee doo '' . Only Timon and Pumbaa seem to retain their original voices ; everyone else has been redubbed with varying degrees of sucess.Playing through the game allows you to discover mini-games and eventually a puzzle game -LRB- the type where a picture is broken up into squares that you slide around to complete the image -RRB- . The mini-games consist of a matching game with young Kiara -LRB- who looks a lot llike young Simba who looks a lot like young Nala -RRB- , a bug catching game , Rafiki fighting off hyenas , and a whack-a-mole game with Timon and Pumbaa . Some of these are kind of fun , but the controls are still so unresponsive that the enjoyment is diminished . The puzzle game is about what you 'd expect.I played through the easy mode of this game in a few hours . After that , I felt no need to pick it up again . Kids and adults who really love TLK might like this game . But adults are better off saving up for an eventually DVD release of the film and kids will probably have more fun just watching the movies .
 I was expecting this game to be more than it was . The graphics were excellent , as were the movie clips which helped to build story line . Now I 'll get to what this game lacked . Levels were short , and left no room for `` exploration '' . Simba 's attacks do not increase as he gets older . It seems slash , maul , etc. were removed . My guess is for violence reasons . Pounce , roll , and roar are his only attacks , which proves to be awkward later in the game . This game is aimed highly at a younger age group . I finished the game in a little over an hour ; it was hardly a challenge for me . I am a die hard Lion King fan , and regardless of the disappointment , I 'm glad they finally decided to release a 3D formatted game based on TLK . As I said before , this one 's for the younger gamers , they should enjoy it .
 This game is horrid . The controls are bad the moves are bad the sound is bad . If you walk over to a clif say , to jump to the other side , you get to the edge and simba jumps off . Poor simba ! Anyway with all the bad stuff this game also lacks any chalange whatsoever . this is junk . Even a 4 yearold got bored with it . and I am 12
 Simba 's Mighty Flop . I have the GameBoy version , and believe me it is not much . Only 10 levels , 4 bonus games that I do n't even like , and annoying music . All you do is run around , get stars , jump on enemies , and that 's it . The only attacks you get are scratch , roar , and jump . The way you get through level 1 is to jump on Zawzhu , the little bird . Definately disappointing .
 This game has horrible graphics the skaters are to small to see , and it has bad game play . You are better off buying it for Dreamcast , Gameboy advance , Playstation and PS2 . It is a great game on every system except gameboy color .
 Just when you thought that the first Hawk game on the GBC was the worst hand-held skate game on the market , Activison releases Hawk 2 ... ouch.Once again the phrase of the day is `` poor play control '' . Combine bad controls with the fact that you ca n't even tell what your skater is doing and you have Tony Hawk 2 on GBC . I 'm not sure why Activision continues to make skate games on the current Game Boy system , b/c these 2 are some of the worst games I have ever played in my life .
 Pick one of the skaters and go skate in a street or vert place . Does n't sound too good . Well , it is n't . The graphics are horrible -LRB- for obvious reasons , its GB color ! -RRB- and tricks are limited . 4 verts , 3 streets . Just dont get this game .
 After playing the first Hawk title on the GBC , I thought that Activision would learn a few lessons and actually get their act together for a handheld version.Well , this game is almost as bad as the first one for Gameboy Color . The graphics are slightly better , and the intro screens look pretty good . Other than that , the game is just horrible . The skaters will grind no matter what , so that quality gets old in about 3 minutes . Did I mention play control ? In reality there is n't much to talk about in this dept b/c there is no play control . This game sucks !
 This game has an extensive bunch of moves , maneuvers , special items , secrets and it has a huge amount of Spiderman memorabilia in it . This is a very detailed Spiderman game because it is a whole 3D world , you as Spiderman or one of his six playable alter egos can swing from building to building , hang upside-down , create a web shield , web the band guys or create web boxing gloves . Everyone is included , like Venom , Carnage , the Scorpion , Rhino , and a 50 ft Mysterio . You must beat them each in a unique way , rather than just beating them up . There are twenty-five levels , however , the big downfall is that you can beat the game from beginning to end in only two or three hours , which makes it like a movie . To add playability to the game you can pick up secret outfits , characters , 3D profiles on bad guys and even comicbook covers documenting the history of the comic .
 This game is OK , but there is one big problem with it . My friend brought his to my house the other day and I began playing it . And in , at the most , 2 hours , I beat it ! No memory pak needed . There are only like 5 or 6 bosses in the game and the rest is just mindless slinging from one thing to another killing all the baddies . There are so many mini little puzzle type things that are just too easy and useless . He brought it over again last night and I beat it again -- on hard difficulty . This game was a great idea , and the graphics and sound are great ... but c'mon guys , you coulda done better than that .
 I bought this game because it had Superman on the front . Big mistake . The graphics are horrible and far too simple for the N64 . The gameplay is awkward and hard to control . But the worst part of this game is the story . It took about 2 seconds to think up and the game spends just as much time on the storyline . The whole point is boring - flying through endless hoops and other monotonous unexciting tasks . This game is horrible . Buy Spiderman instead - at least you wont want to throw Spiderman out of the window .
 Activision has a dubious track record for making great and near excellent Spider-Man games and making poor and lacking X-Men games . Why this is is anyone 's guess , and X-Men
 The moment I got this game and started to play it , I knew right then that they did n't do the best they could to make this a successful game.First of all
 This game is BAD . No kidding , no mincing words . The graphics are annoying when there is a fight sequence and all you do is wander around collecting coins -LRB- hello ... have n't we moved beyond that by now ? -RRB- What a waste of time . Do n't even consider buying this lame game .
 I played this game years ago . My brother and I played through it together and at best this disc is a waste of space . Occasionally the graphics were impressive for their time , but nothing about the game really made any sense . If you have any respect for the intelligence of your children , or respect for yourself , I would advise against having anything to do with this game .
 I actually rented this game because it sounded interesting and original , and when I popped in into the old playstation , I was expecting just that . Boy , was I wrong . This game is so boring . You never do anything except jump around avoiding pitfalls and collecting coins -LRB- groan -RRB- . Oh , once in awhile there will be a battle , you 'll know when they 're coming because all of a sudden you morph into some animal depending on which character you chose it the beginning . Battles are lame and boring . Every single enemy can be easily defeated using the old hit and run method . There does n't seem to be any point to this game and if that is n't bad enough , wait until you hear the voice talent -LRB- or should I say lack of talent -RRB- . So CHEESY ! I 'm sorry I even wasted the money on a rental . DONT BUY THIS LAME GAME UNLESS YOU ARE SIX YEARS OLD OR TOTALLY DESPARATE !
 when I heard that there was going to be a animorph game I was really excited.but to my disapointment the game sorta ... it was to easy and you barely saw tobias in the game and you never got to fight visser three just that big monster thing.the game was ok but I would n't really want to buy it
 It 's `` bad '' plain and simple . When I got into a fight , the screen who shake , and I would n't see what was going on . It does n't fllow along with the rules of the book . Like the way morphing looks . And the characters are always human , when in the book do they let their enemies see them as humans ? -LRB- This is before the yeerks find out their kids . -RRB- Four of of six playable characters . I am sickened ... Bad graphics . Marco has a `` Rino '' for a morph ! C'mon ! I 'm so sickened , DO NOT BUY !!!!
 This game is n't very good.The graphics are n't good , the animorphs are n't fast enough , and it 's just plain boring.If you want a good game , check out Crash Team Racing .
 I love the movie , but this game is very hard to play . The controls are weird and awkward . You ca n't jump and hit at the same time . You play as Fred Flintstone , and I have no idea what the plot is . You go around and hit frogs and other cavemen with clubs and a bowling ball . I would n't recommend THE FLINTSTONES VIDEO GAME !!!
 be careful buying products classified as `` used '' because they might infact be unusable . I wasnt able to view the site after I paid for the game and found out but I do read descriptions very carefully and did not see any indication that the game was unplayable . Shipping was fast but customer service was laughable at times . I accept most of the blame but want others to be careful so they do not make the same mistake i did .
 pokemon gold is ok . i dont recomend it becuse i got bored with it after 10 weeks so unless you are the most serious gamer in the world dont expect a very good game .
 Pok&eacute;Mon is nothing more than a decent RPG . Nothing speicial . I am NOT a Pok&eacute;Hater ! I am a Pok&eacute;WAKER . Someone that wakes ppl up from that stupid trance called Pok&eacute;Mon and into the world of a MUCH better RPG ... Final Fantasys I-IX -LRB- 1-9 -RRB- . I have VII -LRB- 7 -RRB- and , trust me , it 's 30x longer than PokeMon and at least 10x harder than PokeMon . Compared to FF7 , PokeMon is a PokePushover . It 's WAY easy . So go peel yourself away from PokeFlop and power up ` dat PSX . Out .
 This is the worst game I have ever seen . I cant believe a great company like Amazon could stoop so low as to put this on thier sight .
 the save battery is dead . total BS . games in great shape other than that . just annoyed how little effort put into testing
 The game is so fun but it would not save I suggest -LRB- only if you own a ds -RRB- to get heart gold for ds same game better graphicshttp : / / www.amazon.com/Pokemon-HeartGold-Version-Nintendo-DS/dp/B0038MVFYC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1338427430&sr;=8-1
 I 'm sure this is a great game for older kids , but unless your 5 year old can read , try something else . There are a lot of written instructions on screen and the only way the little ones -LRB- 4 , 5 , 6 year olds -RRB- can play is if you intend to sit side by side and play with him . -LRB- Not entirely a bad idea either . -RRB- But if you 're looking for a game the little ones can play by themselves , look elsewhere .
 DONT BUY PRODUCT UNLESS FREE SAVE DOESNT WORK I WANT MY MONEY BACK ! hORRIBLE DEAL GET ANY OTHER GAME NOT WORTH IT!GBHGR HTHH HYTHYYHT Y T YYHHYH HH
 I bought this game for my hubby and when we received this game it was great , but would not save . I was told I would get a new one , I did , my money back ; I have not . And extra money returned for the inconvenience ; I have not . So I 'm posting this to warn everyone else
 In principle , this could be a pretty fun game . You get to control C&C ; units , get upgrades , destroy enemies . In practice , it 's got some major flaws :1 . Need a lot of players - The game does n't get to be that fun until you get a critical mass of players . Too few and you 'll spend a lot of time just getting to people .2 . Unbalanced units - Some units are just plain better than others , at least in deathmatch mode -LRB- capture the flag helps unit variety some , but not incredibly -RRB- . There are more than a few units that are just plain suicidal to use in almost any context .3 . Not many players - Even years ago when this came out , it never really got that popular . There 's very little point in being able to have 50 players in a match if there are only 50 players in the whole world playing the game at once . Unless you 're all great communicators , I guess?Finally , to my knowledge no servers still exist to host this game in multiplayer . The single player is just about useless , so unless you are just a die hard C&C ; collector I ca n't imagine anybody recommending this game . Pity , but c'est la vie .
 Yeah , if theres one thing that i find extremely boring , it 's commanding only one unit , pointing where i want him to go and who to attack , using absolutely no skill or strategy whatsoever , and collecting retarded pick-ups only to find out that some gaywad with a T-Rex comes along to stomp on my mammoth tank . WHAT A GAYASS WASTE OF TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game is not worth your money people , seriously , but everything else in the Command and Conquer line is more than worth it .
 I looked up this game on Amazon . It said it was for MAC . When I got the game it would n't load on my computer so I contacted customer service at ASPYR . They told me it would n't work on the new MACs . Nothing was said in the description about not working on the MAC OSX . Very misleading . I would n't recommend any game from ASPYR .
 I FEEL CHEATED . THIS TOMB RAIDER TLR SAYS MAC ON THE WEBSITE BUT IT IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MAC OS X ON AN INTEL MAC . IN FACT I ALSO BOUGHT TOMB RAIDER CHRONICLES TOO AND FOUND IT HAD A GOOFY SHADOW VERSION OF A GREY LARA AGAINST A WHITE BACK GROUND WITH NO DETAIL OR WRITING VISIBLE . I KNOW AMAZON WANTS TO UNLOAD THEIR GAMES , BUT PLEASE GIVE A FULL DESCRIPTOR SO THE UNWITTING CAN TELL THE DIFFERENCE .
 The expansion pack items are n't as good as the downloads from several of the popular , trustworthy sites available . But its nice if you 're not into downloading custom content .
 This is the second time I have been ordered software and I get the notice when trying to install that is no longer supported . If it had been marked as `` For older mac operating systems '' or `` exactly which operating system it worked on , I would not have purchases . This seller will not be getting anything more than one start from me .
 The problem with this game is that is has too many damn issues with different systems . Some people ca n't get it to work because integrated graphics controllers and chips do not run this game . Others have an operating system that the game is not compatible with . In my case neither was the issue.I have a Windows XP Home Edition , Pentium -LRB- R -RRB- 4 , 2.40 GHz , 1024mb DDR2 RAM , and an ATI Radeon x1300 256Mb Graphics Card , which at least meets or exceeds the games specifications . Yet , the game still does n't run right . I get great frame rates and everything installed just fine , but when I move my mouse around while in the game unit animations slow down and the entire game becomes a bit sluggish , from the musketeers reloading , units running , to the incoming resources . When my mouse is not in motion , the game runs great and all the units move fluidly , even during huge battles with a lot of units of the screen . The in-game cursor also flickers when it is being moved , yet the cursor stays smooth and controllable , unlike other games where when the frame rate drops the mouse becomes difficult to handle.I could n't understand what was wrong , so I contacted the CDV -LRB- the game company -RRB- Support Staff . They did n't help much at all ; I could have their job and probably do it better . They basically told me that my issue is one they have NEVER seen before with any of the games in the series and threw out a few weak suggestions such as updating my DirectX version and Audio Drivers , or trying a regular wheel mouse instead of my Logitech Optical LX3 . I know my mouse is n't the problem because it works just fine in every other game I own , and it 's not a performance issue because I can play the Cossacks 2 demo -LRB- A game made by the same company -RRB- just fine with 0 slowdown even though the system requirements are significantly higher than that of American Conquest . Yet , I ca n't play the Cossacks 1 Demo -LRB- which uses the exact same engine as American Conquest Anthology -RRB- without having the same problem.So I tried everything they suggested and more several times . Updated my Audio Drivers , updated my Video Card Drivers , upgraded my OS to Windows Service Pack 3 , updated my DirectX to the latest version , updated my mouse driver , tried using a regular wheel mouse , tried changing the cursor scheme , toggled the Mouse Acceleration and Hardware Acceleration options , toggled my video card options , tried disabling mouse pointer shadows , tried toggling page size file options , ran a full de-fragmentation of my computer files , ran a full system cleanup , ran a full virus scan several times , began running the game in the lowest resolution , sent the Support Site my DxDiag files , plugged my mouse into a different USB port , and absolutely nothing worked.As of today the CDV Support Site has told me they ca n't help me and that I should try taking my computer somewhere to get looked at as they believe it is an incompatibility issue . They were very slow in responding to me in the first place-only posting a 5 word response once per day - and now they ca n't even help me out with a mouse flickering/slowdown problem ? Thanks for nothing.I know my review may seem very biased since it gets a low rating because it did n't work properly on my computer , but I can only give my honest review of my experience with this game and I 'm not about to give it a good rating for not working correctly on a system it should be perfectly compatible with . I would recommend getting this game if you believe it will WORK and are prepared for the extreme frustration of having the colors not render properly , or the installation being stuck at 99.9 % for days , or having the game screen go blank when you click , or having the sound not work , or having error messages appear when you try to run the game , or having the save files become corrupted out of the blue , or having to rename the program files to get them to work , or not having the game be able to install at all , or ANY of the wide range of problems people have with this Venus Flytrap of a game , all after paying for it and waiting days for it to arrive.I 'm probably going to have to uninstall the game and throw it in a pile somewhere to collect dust . I have a thread in a American Conquest forum in my last desperate attempt to get help but it 's looking hopeless . Maybe one day I 'll be able to have enough money and buy a computer the game will work on , but until then this game was just another frustrating disappointment for me .
 Could not get this to install on either of my Core 2 Duo systems . Just locked up the system .
 I installed this game with no problems , but it does not play on my BRAND NEW LAPTOP -LRB- Intel Core2Duo 2.2 GZ processor , Nvidia Geforce 8600GT video card , 2GB RAM , 120GB hard drive -RRB- . I am playing Doom 3 with no problems , so the problem must be with this game rather than my computer . It keeps closing on me with an . exe error . Not worth the $ $ I paid for it , that is for sure . I will steer cleer of games I have never heard of from now on.Overall = Disappointing
 The game used to be good but now you can hardly ever get to log in , the game as been down for 4 days now , and the support never answer any of your questions you send them , the amount of players that have dropped out in recent times tell you the state of the game and the developers have never progressed with the game , yet after all this its still addictive but with all the problems the developers are having with it at the moment i wouldnt be suprised if the plug is pulled on the game ...
 I am not very versed when it comes to play stations -LRB- games in general -RRB- so I ordered the grand theft auto classic collection for playstation 2 thinking that is all i needed , now the game is asking me to insert play station 2 disk when i put it in . When I look on the packaging it says i need to use it with the original grand theft auto . I really do not know what to do .
 GTA installs but will not work . The error message had me contact SecuROM Support to fix the . exe file . I have had 6 + email exchanges with SecuROM with several exchanges of exe file analysis and new . exe files . It still does not work !!!
 Played for about 1 minute and quit . Only overhead view for each game . Not very appealing after playing later versions of GTA . But I bought the 3 game set to see what the original games were like . Now I know , and am surprised there was much interest in these old versions , even back when they were new .
 No where on the box does this say that it is a demo version , but it is . It 's the same demo you can download for free , and legally , from many sites , including the Painkiller website . Do n't waste your money on this .
 We purchased this item thinking it was `` Special '' but in fact it is a demo . Though no where on the box or in the information does it indicate that it is a demo . We were ripped off .
 Bought this thinking it was the entire game . It basically just jumps around with no connection between one level and the next . It 's still fun , but I 'd recommend not wasting your money on this and buy the regular version or a version that includes one or more of the expansion packs .
 WAS NOT EVEN FULL GAME . &#34; SPECIAL EDITION &#34; MEANS HALF THE LEVELS . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT EVER EVER EVER EVER .
 I am winning eleven player since 1996 !!! Ten years playing all the games it is the WORST of all . KONAMI slightly improved the gameplay BUT the referee system SUCKS . And you will notice it while you play the game especially at six stars . The game becomes unnatural especially when you have a small team against a big better team . I do n't know why they have done this but I think it is the worst game of all . I will wait for number 6 ...
 I purchased this with my DS light , it is all in the garbage now -- The screen protectors , the tape that is on them will not come off , I tried water , a razor rubbing alcohal and goof off , -LRB- the last wrecked em -RRB- . The headphones are cheap and get tangled easy , that is when they dont retract into thmselves when using them.I am afraid to use the car charger -- dont want to break my ds .
 I purchased a Nintendo and then thought I was getting the starter kit for it but it was for the lite Nintendo so we do not have a starter kit for the regular Nintendo and have no use for the lite starter kit . My daughter tossed the packaging for it so I can not return it !!
 A Boy and His Blob
 This game is very frustrating I used to play it on the original sega genesis and It was not very fun . My brother almost beat this game however if you want to play this game the mega sonic collection plus has this game it 's still frustrating .
 I think there is potential in the PS3 , but as things stand the product is far from finished or usable . It is in a glorified pre-beta state and it got unleashed on the market months -LRB- or possibly even a year -RRB- before it was ready.The PS3 is trying to be many things , but does n't do any of them well at the moment . Here is a breakdown :1 . Prev-gen console
 Already sending mine back in wont play any movies . So I stood in line for 8 hours just to send it right back in for a few weeks ... It better not take more than 3 weeks but knowing sony who knows
 while the graphics are good and hd output is detailed , in no way do the shipping games take advantage of the expensive technology in this console . They probably wo n't for another year or so . It also does not play many of the older PS games as Sony had originally promised . It is way overpriced for technology that does not increase the gameplay and fun.Then the console itself is a hunk of swooping black glossy plastic and placing it in your living room make you look like a dork with questionable taste.If you want a truly innovative approach to games get the Wii . Or for the same price as this doorstopper get the Wii and a Xbox360 , so you can both have family-friendly innovation and cutting edge games for adults .
 I purchased a Sony PS3 to play video games . Now , every time I turn the PS3 on Sony is fixing their mistakes and wasting GAME PLAYERS time with constant updates . I do not want to spend my time downloading updates just because Sony did not properly setup their machines when they first shipped them . I have now had to spend 4 hours updating items that should never have been a problem in the first place . There have been 3 time wasting updates within 4 weeks.Software and hardware manufactures have become so lazy that they are willing to jeopardize their good name by WASTING OUR TIME constantly updating their `` broken '' software . This is a mental illness now shared by a large percentage of the electronics industry . In Windows Vista , updates are constantly being forced on the consumer due to LAZY PROGRAMMERS in the corporate rush to sell more goods . I did not purchase a game machine to update the hardware every time I turn on the machine . A notice to all lazy companies , WE ARE NOT YOUR BETA TESTING GROUNDS !!! If you can not properly setup your hardware and software then do not sell your products . Customers have purchased these game machines to enjoy them , to play games , to have a fun with a group of friends . How can I have friends over to enjoy an evening of games when as soon as I turn on the machine the first thiNg it does is WHINE AT ME TO DOWNLOAD A POINTLESS UPDATE . Now a group of us can all sit around for 2 hours waiting for your company to update my machine . This is a GAME MACHINE !!!!!! It is for playing games . To all electronics manufacturers
 now you have to upgrade your tv too ... i wished sony made this know first . . no scaler chip so no updates ! lol
 Hi , I purchased the PS3 two weeks after the release from local retailer . We have two problems with ours . # 1 . The HDMI port on the PS3 is defective . Nothing from this port at all so we had to search for the alternate HD cables . For the money , Sony should have given the cables with the set . # 2 . The unit runs very hot . We 've heard that you can fry it by running it a long time . We have it elevated and well vented so we 'll wait and see . After the holidays ours is going back.We have Madden 07 and now that we have the HD set up , it looks and plays great . My kids are very happy with the wireless controllers .
 At present 20GB PS3 should be regarded as a low-cost next gen optical disk player rather than a game system , as it is clear that there are more BD movie titles than PS3 game titles . PS3 has a fantastic capability to play all optical disk formats except DVD-RAM , DVD-Audio , and HD-DVD . It can also play BD-RE and BD-R including a dual layer BD with 50GB capacity . It can even play SACD . I need to add that PS3 lacks 1080p upconversion feature that most of upcoming new BD players will have . Otherwise , the noise from the cooler fan is somewhat disturbing especially in a quiet scene . It is just like watching a DVD movie on a high-end PC for gamers in a quiet room.On the contrary , as a game console , PS3 still needs to solve problems such as 1 -RRB- lack of vibration feature of a controller , 2 -RRB- imcompatibility of some PS2 titles , and 3 -RRB- inability to share saved data between PS2 and PS3 . Until we see enough 1080p game software titles for PS3 and positive progresses in the problems , PS3 will be regarded as an inexpensive BD player with gaming capability.For anyone that would like to have both BD and HDDVD capability to avoid the platform issue , PS3 may not be a good choice , as a BD-HDDVD dual player will be avialable soon and it will initially cost around $ 1200 , which is less than buying two players separately.Net-net , I think PS3 is an inexpensive BD player and a good product for heavy gamers and early BD adoptors . That said , Sony seems to be planning to introduce a more inexpensive next version PS3 soon to solve some of the issues .
 Let me preface by saying , that I have spent enough time with my Playstation 3 to make this claim . My brother and I went in on it together and stood in line on release to get a 20GB system . -LRB- By the way , the difference in 20GB & 60GB is almost non-existant ... do n't be fooled THEY ARE THE SAME SYSTEM !!! -RRB- Anyhow , we bought the Resistance
 Three new consoles . Three deformed dwarves trying to win a beauty contest . Which pig shall we kiss?For your consideration
 i spent a few hours on a friend 's ps3 before deciding whether or not to keep mine or sell it . suffice to say i 'm selling . while the ps3 is n't bad at anything , it is n't better than the 360 . there are no ps3 games yet that can match gears of war , plus my oblivion -LRB- greatest rpg ever -RRB- for the 360 is over 200 hrs . and i do n't feel like switching just to . the six-stick thing is nothing more than a gimmick , they added it late to try and mimic nintendo 's advances in controller technology . blu-ray , blah who needs it . i do n't plan on switching to hd-dvd or blu-ray , i 've got a billion dvds and i do n't need picture in picture dvd commentary or whatever junk the bigger space is supposed to offer . i figured i 'd see some real muscle from the ps3 . but i ca n't say -LRB- through 6 games -RRB- i 've seen anything that ca n't be done on the 360 just as well . AND for $ 200 bucks cheaper . with that kind of difference you 're better off getting a wii and a 360 for the price of one ps3 . plus stuffing in a blu-ray means they are manufacturing them the true sony way -LRB- for the last ten years -RRB-
 We bought this because we wanted a Blu-ray DVD player and since this is $ 500 -LRB- as opposed to $ 900 for a Blu-ray player -RRB- , and plays the Blu-ray , we went for it.We 've bought 3 PS3 games that did n't work wothout additional accessories ... Long story short -- go buy another $ 300 bucks in cables , wires and cords to get it to work right ... then the games are $ 60 bucks a pop ... we would of been better off spending the cash on the Blu-ray DVD player in the first place !
 Remember the GI Joe Aircraft carrier from the 1980 's ? Well the PS3 is the 2000 's version . . over priced and huge in size . Not much going on here other than a cheap next gen DVD player that may at this point become the Beta tape version of its generation.Save your money , buy an Xbox360 or Wii . Buy both and save money over buying 1 PS3 .
 PS3 is not worth it . Nothing but sports and XBox 360 ports . Get a 360 now and wait for the PS3 bugs to be fixed .
 I ordered this product , and the order was cancelled . Not exactly what I would consider acceptable customer service .
 This thing is sooooooooooooo expensive ! The controllers do n't have the rumble feature ! Sure , it has nice graphics and all , but the animation is choppy!Get the Wii instead of this ! The Wii is way cheaper than this and the remote has a built-in motion sensor . And you can download any Nintendo game from the NES to N64 ! Please do n't buy this ! This is VERY expensive and costs lots of money ! The Wii is much more fun and much , much cheaper than this ! Believe me !
 The big 3 should be sued for not making a sufficient supply available before release
 why buy a -LSB- ... -RSB- from sony when you can buy a WII ! its a new system right ? sony must be a idot tsame old controler , same old sit in front of the T.v. and press buttons !!!! The grapics are cool . but the SYSTEM ! #### !
 At least Nintendo keeps it simple , just play video games . THis machine is aweful , many stores now can not find buyers for this aweful machine , no more demand . Watch out buyers . We you have too many features it is too much to handle for the human mind . No wonder Nintendo is all out til March .
 Great system but released way too early even with its delayed release from spring.Problem # 1Being designed for high definition gaming and movies , it does not include an HDMI cableProblem # 2With its black glossy finish , the system is a fingerprint magnetProblem # 3With the limited number of games released for the system , game developers did n't use the extra time to polish up the graphics for these games . For a more expensive system that should have better graphics than the XBOX 360 , the current PS3 games have the same or less superior graphics . You 'll have to wait for a couple more months for other games to be released and another 6-12 months for game developers to take advantage of the system 's hardware to produce the next generation graphics.Problem # 4Sony says the system is completely backwards compatible with PS2 and PS1 games . They 're wrong and wo n't admit to this flaw with their system . When attempting to play certain PS2 games on the system , it 'll result in extremely horrible and low quality picture being displayed . There are documented complaints about this problem but sony have denied it and have blamed the problem on the televisions.I could go on and on but bottom line , the playstation 3 system would 've gone to the top of the gaming world if Sony was a little bit patient in its release.But to be a little nice to Sony , here are some great highlights about the system : Pro # 1
 Sony should have waited . End of Story . Here 's why.I originally intended on keeping my PS3 to play , but within 24 hours of getting one , I had completely changed my mind and opted to sell it . I purchased one game with the console , Resistance
 We are a family that plays games and enjoys them . The kids have theirs , my wife has hers and I have mine . We have a 360 and a ps2 and just returned -LRB- that 's right ... returned -RRB- our PS3 with a 20gb hard drive . I was very excited to get it and hooked it up with hdmi and network cables as soon as I got home and watched Ricky Bobby that night on blu-ray . The system froze twice while watching the movie and it would only display in 1080i or 480p -LRB- my tv looks best in 720p and the ps3 would not display this -RRB- . We went to the online store and downloaded motorstorm and resistance as well as lemmings to try out . They all took an incredibly long time and the store was very slow to load even though we are connected via DSL.Resistance was good but did not look as good as Gears of War on the 360 . MotorStorm was fun but is not out yet and Lemmings was just interesting . A not-so-impressive opening lineup . I realized that I was waiting mainly for Lair to come out.The system is cool ... I really wanted to like it but the cons out-weigh the pros at this point . We downloaded update version 1.31 but that made no difference.The Pros
 Paid a full $ 349 for one from Amazon Warehouse Deals that was shown as `` Like New '' . It was anything but . Yes , it had the box . But it was dusty , the top had the usual GameStop-used-PS3 amount of scratches that hinted it belonged to a kid , and the black finish was gone in irregular patches that looked like stickers had baked onto the surface , then been pulled off . It was in horrible condition.It was returned the same day . In the condition it was in , I expect it 'd have YLOD ` ed out of the box , so I did n't even try . I can do better with one $ 100 cheaper , it 'd probably be in better shape .
 My very responsible 10 year old only used his controller 5 times , for about 1 hour each time , and the analog stick broke . You would be better off buying a plain factory made controller and adding stickers to it . This controller is made very cheap . Buyers beware !!!!
 Nobody will ever pay this much for those resident evil games . i own every single resident evil game to date and i know that no one out there will pay this much . ur just ripping people off . specially when ur Resident evil 3 is missing the booklet . and ur resident evil 1 is a greatest hit edition . i have the original with booklets for all of mine . and people can find those anywhere and buy all for and only spend less than 60 bucks .
 I was misled into believing that the rudder control was a twist on the yoke , like the more top end joysticks , instead it 's a dial on the front of the joystick , which I do n't like . I end up using auto rudder on the my flight games , instead of coordinating my own flight .
 for the price of this you cant expect much . There are not to my knowledge any good pinball games for the computer at amazon although at brothersoft.com you may find The Tomb an 10 dollar game that looks well worth the money .
 Personally I thought that this game could have been a lot better . The only thing that I thought was cool was the videos . You ca n't even tell the guys to move . Plus the video that they show at the begining of the game is just a tinny little square , most of the time it just gets messed up . If I were you I would get Sid Meier 's Civil War Collection .
 Bought this for my son 's friends to use when they got together to play his xbox . Since it was n't the main controller , it did not get that much use or abuse , but it still failed after a short time . Would n't buy it again .
 Very disappointed in product . Ordered two xDream Pro Controllers and both failed within one month of purchase with moderate use . In both cases the right trigger meachanism broke . Would not buy again . Fortunately Amazon honored their 30 day return policy . Thank you Amazon . Forget you xDream .
 Turok 2 is so BORING - sprawling sparse levels barely populated by the occasional annoying bad guy - the sniper weapons are a poorly executed add on , and the multiplayer option is one of the WORST i have ever played . I cant emphasize enough how dull this game is . ... its more fun playing it with the power turned OFF!The graphics are actually very nice . Textured skins and lovely scenery . Would do well as a landscape gardening game.Nice weapon sounds . Terrible music . What is it with Acclaim and terrible music ?
 clumsy interface and a game sequence with opportunity fire of course it doesnt work nice sound and pretty graphics despicable computer opponent like 15 years ago computer does move straight forward some people sue microsoft maybe they should think about talonsoft
 This game is overrated by the few who play it . If you want a more fun game check out the panzer campaigns or the moderncampaigns by hps simluations.The Operational Art of War has a terrible interface , terrible game play , even worse support.If you have XP dont waste your time or money . Incompatible .
 For wargamers that have the time and energy to spend on this game I suppose it would be ok . Personally I found it to be more frustrating than anything else . I was looking for something with a feel like Close Combat or Robert E. Lee
 The controller looks awesome , and if all you wish it to be is an ornament , it will serve you well . However , for those of us who like to play with our controllers , this is below par . The buttons are shoddy , and the game rarely realizes you 've hit anything . The joysticks are also crappy . Buy something else if you want a usable controller .
 While this game may be fun for small children -LRB- it 's verycartoonish -RRB- it is incredibly boring for anyone over 7 . You just sitaround waiting for things to be built , the game is rather confusing with very little documentation , and it 's just nowhere near as good as other games in this genre . I HIGHLY recommend Caesar III or Pharaoh if you want a fun , challenging , and well historically-researched game END
 Even though the graphics for this version were far smoother than the N64 and PS1 versions of Attitude , a simple graphic upgrade just does n't cut it . After playing the COMPLETE disappointment that was Royal Rumble , I was hoping that Attitude would be at least a semi-decent improvement over the original Attitudes . But regardless , after playing Smackdown ! and WWF Wrestlemania 2000 , games that represented wrestling to its fullest on the consoles , Attitude shows that the era of the slow , clunky , overly complicated wrestling game is thankfully over -LRB- unless you have the misfortune of playing Acclaim 's ECW games . -RRB- The controls are slightly less awkward than flying a space shuttle . The graphics , though smooth , are very flat , and with a system like the Dreamcast , there 's just no excuse for that . The sound is nice , although the speech is somewhat annoying , and most of the theme songs are two years old -LRB- though I still like the Rock 's old theme . -RRB- Not only that , but half of these guys either are n't around anymore , but have changed so much in two years that it 's comical to see them represented here . Acclaim is n't as guilty of putting out garbage as THQ , since Acclaim lost their WWF contract and had to stop making WWF games after Attitude , but Attitude is nothing more than an attempt to sell a wrestling game to people who bought Dreamcast and ca n't find any good ones -LRB- the best , Fire Pro , is only available in Japan . Grr . -RRB- I would only recommend this as a option for the wrestling fanatic who has nothnig but a Dreamcast . Otherwise , any of THQ 's PS1 and N64 WWF games utterly destroy this one . But of course , they 're much newer , so it 's not COMPLETELY Acclaim 's fault . But for my money , that does n't matter . Rent once and forget .
 This game is bad . The graphics are dated and use none of the Dreamcast 's muscle . There is lots of clipping , sharp cuts , and the wrestlers tend to pass through the scenry and each other . Even this could be forgiven if the game was playable , but the controls are stiff and unresponsive . The wrestlers look like they are fighting underwater . Take my advise and buy Soul Calibur .
 WWF Attitude has the worst hit detection I 've seen in a long while . It 's also incredibly difficult to do any sort of move besides the grapple and turn the opponents elbow move . I played with a friend for about 20 minutes , and all we were able to do was stand in the middle of the ring trying to twist each others elbows off . This ones a real stinker .
 This game is the worst game I have ever played . I thoght itwould be a cool game . The moves are too hard to do the game is toohard and worthless . I would give it negative 5 statrs if I could . NWO/WCW REVENGE is the best wrestling game . This game is a waste of money .
 This game was released way to early in my opinion . This is the PSX version with better sound . Acclaim lost it 's WWF license on Nov 15th and had to get this game out by then to score the $ $ $ . It shows . The introductions are cool but most moves require a 3 joystick + 2 button combo . C'mon ! This is n't Mortal Kombat , it 's wrestling . I wish this was more like the WCW/NWO Revenge for the N64 .
 This is the most horribly game I 've seen ! Dreamcast is capable of great graphics and this game has the WORST graphics I 've seen . The opening sequence is great and gives you great hopes . But once the game starts , you 're in for a letdown . All of the graphics are cheezy . This is a very disappointing game . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm a big WWF fan , and also a Dreamcast owner . When I popped this into my DC , my only reaction was `` Dammit , this sucks ! '' Before I even get into the graphics -LRB- yuck -RRB- , let me first state that the roster of wrestlers is only accurate as of November 1998 . Absent are Y2J , Dudleys , Big Show , Rikishi , and Tazz ; present are Goldust and Dr. Death - Enough said . To explain the graphics is a tough one - just picture the PlayStation version with anti-aliased effects and rope texture . Other changes are limited to slightly better sound and a marginally enhanced resolution setting . The control and collison detection are also still terrible . I see no reason anyone would want to pick up this game , as it 's a rushed port with an outdated roster and graphics that did n't even do the PSX justice . Even if you 're a DC owner in need of a WWF game , do n't get it - wait for THQ 's forthcoming WWF offering .
 This game is probably the biggest disappointment I 've ever had with a video game . The game is exactly like the PSX version which was also horrible . The moves are very difficult to get off . You ca n't sit around with friends who have n't played it and have them enjoy it because its that difficult . Finishing moves are impossible . The graphics for the Dreamcast level are subpar . I 'm glad thq is doing the next WWF game . Hopefully they will make one for Dreamcast because this one does n't cut it . I traded mine in for 20 bucks a week after i bought . Pass on this one .
 Horrible game . The roster is so old it looks like a WCW game . The gameplay is impossible , all you do is stand there kicking and punching . The only thing I liked was the intro when they do the entire Raw Is War theme song ; But I can watch that on Monday night . Do n't even waste your money with this game . If you have PSX or N64 , pickup Smackdown and Wrestlemania 2000 , they shame this game .
 When I got this game , I was hoping it was going to be great . I open it . . pop the cd in ... cool opening video ... then we get to the game ... IT IS Terrible ! The graphics are BAD its just not worthy of sitting with the other dreamcast games . . ! Its just sad ... I dont recomend this to ANYONE ... Its too late for me to get my money back ... but dont waste yours ! My friends over to play it also agreed ... so its more than one opinion in this review ...
 The hit detection is awful , the graphics would be mediocre even if they were on playstaion , and the controls are impossible . It takes like a ten button combo to pull off the simplist moves.The only thing that saves the game from being one star is that the create-a-wrestler option is fun . I found myself making wrestlers and not even wanting to use them . This game is bad . bad , bad , bad .
 What were these people thinking ? This game is very slow and dull . Even playing with a friend this game has nothing to offer , probably even less than playing it by yourself . Special moves are almost imposible to start , and without them you 're left with kicking each other to a pulp.The graphics look like they were not changed at all from the Nintendo and Sony versions . Graphics are NOT up to Dreamcasts 128bit standards.This could have been a great game . It should have been completely reworked for the Dreamcast to better use the speed and graphics capabilities . They really missed the mark on this one.To Make this short and sweet ... This game sucks , do n't get it .
 This game is nothing like the magazine reviews . Yes - there is a puzzle in each room to solve . But there is nothing else to explore . You simply solve puzzle after puzzle . There is no other story line . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT . You 'd be better off with Myst , Shivers , or some of the Lucas Arts games .
 After having just finished an awesome computer game , I began searching for another captivating and challenging conquest at a reasonable price . I searched online and made a few choices , and because of the online reviews , as well as the product description for Jewels 2 , it was amongst my choices . I was severely disappointed with the game from the onset of puzzle 1 . The description on the box and website reviews were TOTALLY misleading . The game has NO SUBSTANCE ! There is NO plot , no mystery , no intrigue , nothing to explore or find ... NOTHING , but puzzle after BORING puzzle . The puzzles alone would have been ALOT more tolerable , and perhaps even interesting , if the player knew that they were going to get further , or at least SOMEWHERE , by solving them ! The graphics were ok , but not much better than that , and many places onscreen were too dark or barely visible . The package boasts of a `` built in Hint Book '' and for the life of me , I couldnt decipher the hints or solutions in the book any more than I could stand the monotony of this game . I am truly dissapointed in Dreamcatcher Int . for the release of this less than enjoyable piece of work . I hope they strive for much more next time .
 The graphics were good but the puzzles were almost the same as in Jewel . It was not very challenging .
 A cheap Myst/Riven knock-off . A sketchy plot line , with puzzles that become VERY hard with the minimal clues provided -LRB- even the `` solution manual '' is n't all that helpful . The first scenes -LRB- Egypt -RRB- were great ... The subsequent scenes lacked depth and imagination . And worst of all , the ending was inconsistant with the storyline and left me feeling unfulfilled . The grahpics in the `` Earth '' environments and objects were richly detailed , but the `` alien '' forms were almost cartoonish , again emphasizing the lack of imagination . Also player interface was n't as well thought out as it could have been , or has been in other similar games . For example , trying to navagate a labyrinth is difficult , but trying to do so without any in-game mapping , or any discernable `` landmarks '' to use as points of refrence make for a lot of wasted time . Overall , I would say that if you are desperate for a new game , that you can get cheap , then go ahead and get this one . Search the web for the . PDF file that contains the solution manual . But if you 're expecting this to be something that you can , and will , play repeatedly , you 'll be disappointed . Probably not even really good for little kids as there is a small amount of potentially unsuitable material , -LRB- stated and implied violence , deranged madman on the loose , bombs capable of destroying the planet , etc. -RRB- as well as the villian 's manical laugh that follows you through the end-game sequence and into the credits .
 The game starts out with you being whisked back in time to Ancient Egypt where you start to piece together a story about other travellers who have been there before , taking Egyptian artifcats . Something had gone wrong with their expedition and now everybody has disappeared . You see a few Egyptian ghosts and watch video journals of some of the other travellers , but other than that , you 're completely alone in this game . The plot was n't bad , but it did n't help to drive the game . It was too hard for me to figure out what tasks I was supposed to accomplish to move on to the next part of the game.The graphics were excellent . If I were going to buy a game based strictly on the graphics , this would be it . But when I 'm playing a game I hardly ever pay attention to the graphics unless they 're particularly bad , so this did n't make too much of a difference for me.The puzzles were disappointing . Most of them were easy enough to solve in less than five minutes , which I did n't like because I prefer challenging puzzles . The one puzzle that was the exception had over 100 different acceptable solutions but the game would only accept one of those solutions . I had to go to an online walkthrough for the solution at that point ; I got tired of solving the same puzzle again and again.The length of the game was also disappointing to me . This game only took me about 15 hours to finish , and I 'm by no means an experienced gamer . For the price I was paying , I had hoped to be playing the game for longer than that.This game will probably only be fun to brand new gamers who do n't know what to expect or to people who really get excited about graphics . I would n't pay -LSB- much -RSB- for it , though . I did n't see anything in the game that would be inappropriate for kids .
 I love adventure , role-playing games , and since this one was on sale I figured I 'd try it . I 've played some of Dreamcatcher 's games before -LRB- Timescape , Egypt 1154 BC , Sacred Amulet , Riddle of the Sphinx -RRB- , and though not blown away by any of them , they were , for the most part , worth a few hours of playing time , perhaps even a little replayability . I expected the same from Beyond Time.Well , throughout life we learn that it is often bad to assume.I was perplexed the moment I started playing . First , I did n't realize there was an intro until I read about it in a walkthrough . You have to wait a few minutes at the main menu for it to pop up . As it turns out , it has absolutely NOTHING to do with the concept of the story . Anyway , I found myself at some ancient Egyptian ruins , only to be zapped back into time and confronted by Egyptian deities with perfect American accents . You do n't even interact with any of them , they talk to you . And that 's a major pitfall of this game
 What stinx about this game is everything , the storyline involves the missing artifacts from some museum and how it can ` distroy the fabric of space and time ' that is the dumbest , junior high idea for a story I have ever heard ! Just because a statue is missing from a museum is no reason to go galavanting about in time risking life and limb , that 's as dumb as ` Time Squad ' . Now for the graphix , they do n't run well on modern machines , they are grainy and you must switch to a low resolution and they still do n't look as good as on an older machine . -LRB- Like Chrystal Key -RRB- Music was dull , except for the track in the Egyptian Great Library . -LRB- no mention of Hypatia , by the way , an important person in Egyptology . -RRB- Acting , if you could call it that sounded like they were in a hurry to get thier paychecks and get home , in otherwords , it was n't acting at all , it was a bunch of guys 'n' gals readin cue cards.However , for only 10 bux , I give it an extra star . Just because it is an older game is no reason to give it four or five stars , however , especially since most games made last year -LRB- Dracula , Myst Exile , ect . -RRB- Were much much better . I assume this game was made in 2001 , it says so on the case .
 I really tried hard to find SOMETHING to like about this game , but unfortunately there is nothing within it that would allow me to . For starters , the game description on the package is very misleading as it makes the buyer/player think that this game is an adventure with areas to explore and mysteries to uncover . Sadly , there is nothing of the sort . The game consists of puzzles and nothing more.The puzzles are BORING and not very well thought out , and the so-called `` hint book '' does not provide any discernable solutions to many of them . The graphics depicting the surrounding landscape and building structures are tolerable , however there are many areas of the game where the shadows and borders were too dark or barely visible and changing the settings on my monitor did nothing to rectify the problem . I actually had to bring back the game in its package 2 times for an even exchange because disks 1 & 2 proved to have severe errors within them which made loading , installing and playing impossible to begin with . That was my first problem with this game and it just got worse as I played on . I am truly disappointed with this game in its entirety especially since I feel that I was mislead into buying it . Dreamcatcher Int . has done ALOT of very good work on past games , so I hope that they will be able to learn from the mistakes in this game and improve their future endeavors.Happy Gaming Everyone !
 I bought the game Fly . It took a very long time to learn how to play and even longer to install it . It 's quiet good after all that , if you read the whole User Manual which is 288 pages of small sized letters and complicated notes you have to remember or at least remember the page number . If you do n't the only way to move is if the gust speeds are high . Then your flipped over ! Otherwhise , this game is a bomb . I do n't recomend it . Now the graphics are good , but they 're installed seperatly . It 's okay to get , if you have .5 GB to spare . Same thing with the maps .
 I expected a lot more from this game based upon the hype and box graphics . The graphics were OK , but performance was poor , the UI was clunky and it did n't seem to do a good job of modeling the physics of flight . -LRB- I was running on a 500 mHz G4 , so I do n't think it was a CPU power problem -RRB- . Falcon 4.0 is much better -LRB- although very complicated to learn -RRB-
 This game has excellent graphics on a Good end AGP . As mentioned in previous reviews , there is a bug in the name selection . The length is also fixed . You ca n't even enter `` SCHUMACHER '' . You 'll have to enter it as `` SHUMAKER '' in order to fit it in . More importantly , this game does n't give you full control over the front wheels . It tends to keep you on track which is not a good sign for a simulation fan .
 This game is deadly dull . It is mostly a stealth game that requires you to SLOWLY and quietly scope out your surroundings and note the locations of all of your enemies . Then you wait for them to walk by you and pounce on them from behind . The cut scene animation of your characters violently killing your enemy is the most graphic of any video game . They are cool to look at , but after you 've seen the same one a couple of times they get boring . Another problem is that the cool from-behind killing sequences are only available with a few weapons , not all of them , so shooting someone in the back of the head with a pistol is less damaging than a plastic bag . It 's also a really hard game . The developer 's made the mistake of not allowing you to save at any point , just at designated save locations . There are only 2 or 3 or these per level , and since the game is so difficult and slow paced , you end up playing the same 20-minutes of game over and over again . Your character can not duck , crawl , or jump , so you are basically limited to hiding in corners . The game is really gory and creepy , but not scary in a stuff-jumps-out-at-you kind of way .
 The character you play is James Earl Cash , a man that was suppose to die on a electric chair , he escapes so every gang and group is everyone in the city is trying to find him.This game is fun when you first play it and then later on around the fourteenth level this game is way too difficult.This game has so many things wrong with how it plays , at least the violent stealth kills are cool , but besides that the game is lacking overall.In this game you mostly hide in the shadows and wait until they turn around and kill them with wire , plastic bag or shoot them in the head.The problem with this game is that when the character does not have a weapon he can not fight without losing a lot of health or everyone finding where you are at.Later on when you go against the swat you have to restart over and over because they outnumber you in better weapons and people.When their is five enemies with machine guns against you that is unbalanced.Another problem is the radar , their could be an enemy standing right next to you and the radar will not show it and then you get seen.The game is about stealth kills in the beginning , but later on the stealth is replaced most of the time with guns , which is not fun when you are outnumbered.The health items are hidden and hard to find so you are likely have to start over it find where it is at , saving is not any better and you can not save unless you get really far into the level before you get the save point tape item.Manhunt is not a fun game to play and it was n't for the extreme difficultly this game would be better.This game fequently uses the hit and run tactic most of the time because the fighting is useless and you are outnumbered with enemies with better weapons.This game overall is fun until you get to last five levels than it 's too fustrating.Pros
 You hold down your left mouse button and watch a circle change color.Different colors equal different cutscenes . ie
 I played 8 levels and this game is a combination of all that sucks about computer gameplay ... 1 . ALL STEALTH and NO PLAY is totally BORING . 2 . Preset game save is total BS when you finish 1/2 of a tough level and lose to some stupid logistical nightmare of getting around a wall while being shot at and of course dying easy . 3 . I like to watch real time game play when I attack someone . . not a video outtake !! I tore it off my hard drive and plan to give this game to someone I hate.IT IS NO FUN ... DONT BUY IT .
 You take splinter cell , you take away the engaging story line , you take away complex level design , you take away character versatility , you take away advanced graphics , you take away objective variety , you got manhunt.Zip , zap , zoop .
 This game consists of you walking down a street and killing gangstas . Your character ca n't duck , jump or anything else that you 'd expect . The only way to survive is to sneak around corners ; it 's so slow paced that it will take you at least 40 minutes to get past a level.But what I really hate is the darkness . I had to close all my windows , turn off all the lights , crank up the brightness to the max , and only then I could barealy make up the character 's white shirt . I was guessing where the enemies would be since I could n't see anything during the whole game.Avoid .
 The batteries -LRB- 4xAAA -RRB- that come with this charger are only 750mAh . You ca n't even find rechargeable batteries with that low capacity.Since this charger works off the Wii 's USB -LRB- or even on a PC -RRB- port , in order for this charger to work -LRB- recharge batteries in remote -RRB- , your Wii must be powered ON all the time which translates in to `` shortening '' your Wii 's life span .
 I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT VERY QUICKLY BUT I ONLY RECEIVED 1 POWER PACK AND THERE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE 2 .
 Do NOT buy this Nintendo 64 controller if you are looking for the original , well shaped , gray controller . Although the picture shows a normal controller , the one they sent to me was made by a third party -LRB- not by Nintendo -RRB- and does not feel the same or handle the same - in fact , it feels less comfortable and ergonomic , and handles with less precision . Also , I emailed the company about it and received no response . So , do not pay money for this controller if you are looking for something that you will actually want to use for a N64 system .
 I am not at all satisfied with this product , i would probably send it back , only the trouble time and effort wouldnt be worth it , im just going to get another one at a local store . but the product i wanted to buy , is pictured in the item description , its an n64 controller made by nintendo . what i failed to realized was that i was actually purchasing a cheap 3rd party controller . not at all what i wanted , not only do the controlllers not work nearly as well , but they break much more easily . the purchase was a complete waste of time and money
 But for proof , just look under the picture of the `` Nintendo 64 controller '' and you 'll see a third party controller . Shame on them for not being honest with the buyers!It must really suck if it 's that cheap . Just buy one here for about 17 bucks ; they 're worth it !
 I bought 2 controllers and never recieved either of them . do n't trust these guys i told them i did n't receved them and they did do anything about it .
 Dreamcatcher did it again . Yes , that 's right , they 've taken a potentially interesting subject , put up nice graphics , recorded great sounds and voices , yet still managed to make the game bad . This game is like a horror novel set in the middle of 101 Dalmations.No offense to these guys because they still manage to make us poor gamers have a crack at the new games because all their games go for 19.99 and so forth.The setting is really cool for this game , but the characters look really stupid , worse than something Disney could come up with . The combat system is weak also . Swing that cane , doctor . One hit and the madman , or whatever that polygon monster was , is down.Another thing is although I prefer 3rd person views , this one makes me sick . It scrolls too fast and you really ca n't tell where the camera angle will be with every little move of your , yes , that 's right , JOYSTICK !!!!!!! Who the hell would release a an adventure game in PC platform in 2001 that is intended to be used with joystick interface?Dreamcatcher no doubt.But , it was a nice try . Stick to Traitor 's Gate or the Atari 2600 . Two Stars .
 I usually love games and especially mystery games like the particular one . Unfortunately , I found it rather boring and tiring .
 dreamcatcher is getting really bad games out not so much they are bad by the type of game etc , but by how much updating you have to do to play it . in the last 2 games i have bought , post mortem and jekyll and hyde . post mortem crashes at the same point of the game ... and i have been working on that for a week and i still do n't know what is causing it . with this game , the keyboard did n't work , and the visuals are blurry . i did get that fixed , but the game really sucks ... the controls are to hard to remember and they are jerky . Do n't buy the game , i do n't think it worth it ... graphics are awful , ca n't see anything to well . i see why the added adventure company to the list , cause it is an adventure just to get the game to play .
 I bought this game without playing the first Arthur 's Knights and assumed because it 's brand spanking new and advertised as XP compatable , that it 'd be fun to sit down and kill some brain cell over . The brain cells killed were from frustration over the choppy movement , bad voice-overs and no real tutorial on how to interact with the characters and scenary . I , ... , was tired of the ride , find , ride back just to find out one small thing was n't done back where I just left , go back , look for what I missed , return to the person who sent me , just to have the game crash and I had to return to my last save . I found that the game WILL let you save over a past save , so there are more than 10 saves available . -LRB- only 10 slots available -RRB- But ... this does n't make up for the last 2 hours of running around which I just lost and have to do again . To top it off , I send an e-mail to the Adventurecompanygames site asking for assistance and I get no reply for a week . Not a good way to run a business . It appears this game is only eye candy with some exceptional graphics but I had more fun with simgolf .
 If you 're expecting AK2 to be supreme over its predecessor , think again . This game is identical to the first AK , from its locations to its characters . I found this game to be just a series of inventory puzzles ; get on your horse , get off your horse , go collect item , get on your horse , go to different location , get off your horse , use item . Mapping system is ANNOYING ! -LRB- a jump feature would have been surperb -RRB- and the voice over acting is generally over done . The game is designed in Direct Draw , which hates most modern 3D accelerated video cards . Loves to crash without warning . Also , for some bizarre reason , you are limited to only TEN save game slots per player . Why ten ? I have no idea !! So this makes the game difficult to replay . Bug in the reloading process that makes progressive games a pain to load . To top it all off , the game is much too long for how it is paced . I felt sick of riding my horse all over creation , aimlessly looking for a certain rock . My advice , unless you loved the first game , avoid this one !
 XP Users beware ! Even though `` Beyond Atlantis 2 '' is XP compatibleaccording to the product box , it does not seem to work with XP.The game crashes to the desktop at the first cut scene . The error can be reproduced every time the game is run therefore making it unplayable.I am very disappointed as the graphics of the introductionary video are truely beautiful and breathtaking.After contacting techsupport at the Dreamcatcher website and following all their suggestion and troubleshooting , the game is still crashing.While surfing the Dreamcatcher support forum , I learned that many users with XP have this exact same issue and that Dreamcatcher does not appear concerned enough about it , to write a patch even though it affects so many customers.My computer is less than two month old , pentium 4 , 2.5 Ghzwith all the latest drivers and newest DirectX version.Myst Exile and all my other games run flawlessy by the way .
 Okay I bought this game and I have some pros and a really big con . The pros are that the graphics are very good . The 360 degree pan feature is awesome and the puzzles and music are great . Now for the really big con . It will absolutely not work with Windows XP . I can not get past the sarcophagus scene in the beginning . I have tried everything . Cleaning my registry , reinstalling , uninstalling , not installing direct X , using a saved game , lowering the acceleration rate of my sound and graphics , nothing works . It is a shame too because the graphics are really good .
 Beyond Atlantis -LRB- AKA Atlantis II -RRB- was a slightly flawed gem . -LRB- Pun intended for those who have played it . -RRB- Interesting , beautiful , difficult , reasonably well-plotted , internally logical , and fun . The only part THIS installment of the series got right was `` beautiful . `` I will say that the graphics in this game are wondrous . From the Arabian Nights courtyard to the Pink Floyd-esque `` Membrane '' -LRB- which seemingly represents the heroine 's brain ... or maybe Jung 's collective unconcious ... or maybe God as visualized by dolphins -RRB- the rendering is absolutely gorgeous.But graphics alone do not make a good game . There is no logic to BA2 ... neither externally nor internally . The `` plot '' has you discovering an artifact that can imbue you with a superhuman wisdom by transporting you to a series of different realms and times and letting you experience those places through the eyes of one of its inhabitants . This scheme fails on a variety of levels . Sometimes , you appear in these realms as yourself , while in others , you are a completely unrecognizable character . There is no logic to WHY these worlds are chosen , nor to what you are supposed to `` learn '' in each . In fact , given that you are supposedly striving to achieve some sort of enlightenment that you can then pass on to the rest of humanity , it seems odd that the focus of the `` Scheherazade '' world is to lie , steal and seduce women . Eventually the sequence of realms seems completely arbitrary . It is similar to Ray Bradbury 's `` The Illustrated Man : '' a series of unconnected short stories woven together by a loose and incomprehensible over-story . Except Bradbury wrote GOOD short stories . The chapters of BA2 are weak and silly , each and every one . Even the few good puzzles -LRB- and there are a couple -RRB- are mired down in a morass of confusion and pretentiousness.Beyond Atlantis was a quality game ... one that made you think , feel , and examine your character 's motives . -LRB- Plus , the `` White Horse '' cutscene in BA may be the single best cutscene in any adventure game ever . -RRB- It is an injustice to THAT game that this one shares the same title . Avoid this game at all costs unless you are desperate for some eye candy .
 Received game yesterday . Went into loop when disc 1 inserted.Could only stop by powering down . Tried disabling autoinsertion notification on CD drive and running setup.exe.System -LRB- Win98SE -RRB- said `` setup.exe not a valid win32 app . `` Tried naked boot of win98 -LRB- run msconfig and eliminate runningautoexec.bat , config.sys and all the startup group items -RRB- . Still says `` setup.exe not a valid win32 app . `` Noted that the date on this setup.exe is 10/2/98 while thedate on the earlier Beyond Atlantis is 1/13/99 . Why use anolder setup.exe ? Dreamcatcher customer service no helpand no call back .
 After the brilliance of Beyond Atlantis -LRB- Atlantis 2 -RRB- , I fought hard to get a copy of BA2 ... . Whoa , what a disappointment ! From the wooden voice over delivery of the principal -LRB- I am an Acting and Voice coach so have a little experience here -RRB- to the uninspired plot , worlds , and game in general . Additionally , the game ran very roughly on my computers -LRB- new one , well within the min . req -RRB- and failed to keep my interest . Did finish it , though -- in only a few hours . If you must play this game , wait until it hits your local electronics discount store in the $ 4.99 bin .
 Copy of e-mail sent to dreamcatcher tech support 11/23/01Not responded to as 11/29/01Received game nearly two weeks ago and could not install because :1 . With CD insertion notification on , the drive selects for over three minutes , then stops and nothing happens .2 . With insertion notification off , browse for G/setup . exe dies in a loop , CTL-ALT-DEL gets blue screen with fatal error OD at 0246:014747 FB , enter key gets second blue screen with fatal error 0D at 08C3 :0147268 B , second enter key returns to system .3 . After a naked boot of Win98 -LRB- run msconfig with no autoexec.bat , config.sys or startup up group items -RRB- and browsing for G/setup . exe get message
 I agree with others who had install problems . I also could not get the first CD to be recognised or install the game on my machine . I luckily have two computers and tried the install on the other -LRB- Windows ME instead of Windows 98SE -RRB- and it worked.Then I had to try and figure out the stupid puzzles . I did not find them intuitive at all . Some were easy , others made no sense . I agree that the graphics were stunning , but I play games to PLAY , not look at pretty pictures . If you want to rate that way , 5 stars for looks , 1 star for substance .
 I really liked this game - great graphics and storyline - sort of ties in with Beyond Atlantis 1 . But the game is short - Beyond Atlantis 1 took MUCH longer , and I loved that about it . This game is great , but I could n't believe it ended so fast . Needed to be longer - definitely .
 I love Dreamcatcher Interactive games . Beyond Atlantis is my favorite pc game of all time so I was really excited when I finally had enough money to buy this game . Sadly I ca n't get it to work . It crashes every time I try to talk to someone.I have found that many people are having the same issues . The company had released patches to help with these issues but I ca n't even download them because they have been bought out and there is no longer any technical support . Unless you have a really old operating system do n't even try it .
 Check Your Review ofFrom Dusk 'Till Dawnby Dreamcatcher InteractiveHere is your review the way it will appear : -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- = Not even heavy enough to use to prop open a door -LRB- useless -RRB- Reviewer
 I found the graphics primitive and character movement way too slow.I have a medium to high-end gaming machine and Idid n't bother to complete the first level . Graphics might be OK for you , but I think they shipped this game way too early .
 you may like it if you can get it to even play . i got the opening to start then it crashed each time . so i wasted good money on this one . not a keeper in any sence of the word
 This is the worst game I have EVER been silly enough to buy . Buggy , senseless , and more laughable than scary . I ca n't believe that so many good games are scrapped whilst this one made it to a -LRB- obviously premature -RRB- launch . This game spoils the memory of a great film . Worst still , there are unlikely to be more games made based on Dusk Till Dawn because this is so horrible : -LRB-
 Just let me say this game has nothing to do with the movie . But that 's not my gripe . Actually the story sounds like fun , you are a prisoner who is incarcerated on a huge ship that has been turned into a top security prison fast tracked for a death penalty . One night the security system goes haywire , opening the jail cells . You can escape , but first you have to mow down the rest of the prisoners , and staff , who have been turned into vampires.OK I 'm trying to avoid describing the game play itself . Here it is - You are playing a game that is graphically worse than games made in the mid 90 's -LRB- half life , for example , leaves it in the dust -RRB- You are playing third person -LRB- if first person even works , you will soon find it impossible -RRB- Your mouse is ultra sensitive . Move it left , and the game sways left rapidly and impossibly over-steps the mark -LRB- anyone who has actually `` played '' this game will know what I mean -RRB- You ca n't jump or crouch . You will find yourself `` stepping through '' the vampires -LRB- and walls , and pretty much anything else for that matter -RRB- instead of fighting them.The level detail is nonexistent . A grey room is a square grey room . So much sameness that you are always lost . Backwards looks the same as forwards . There is no detail.Characters all look the same . The lack of character detail is laughable.Despite their being no detail , the game is often choppy.So the graphics are horrible , and the controls are horrible . What of the sound ? Well , it 's just the same monotonous rubbish , sounds like someone screeching their fingernails down a blackboard when you open the game , then you forget about it -LRB- mercifully -RRB- because the music is set so low.In-game sounds are awful.You wince at the dialogue , where it makes sense -LRB- bad translation ?? -RRB- it is just plain stupid . Like `` Lend me a hand , oh you do n't have one '' to a guy who 's lost his arm . That sort of stupid . Other comments just do n't make sense.There are no movies at the end or start to set a mood . You are just plunged right into the ... err ... `` action `` Hardly any guns , and they just plainly do n't work correctly.Why do you play games ? For the challenge of finishing ? There is no kudos in saying that you have finished `` Dusk till Dawn '' No incentive at all . That story-line just is n't there . It 's boring , and trite . Game play is bad . Music is bad . What story there is bad.Don ' t believe me ? Well that 's just my opinion . By all means , give it a go . For my money , that 's the last Dreamcatcher game I buy .
 The previous review by Joshua tells it all , although I thought the mini-series was good . I got this game as a christmas present and I sincerely wish my brother could get his money back . Not that the graphics were anything spectacular , but when are game companies going to realize that if there is no playability , then all the pretty graphics and cutscenes do not matter . Also , the storyline is choppy . You jump from one scene where Paul and his mother are running from the sandworm -LRB- and yes , Paul is running toward you so you ca n't see where you are going -RRB- and the next scene you are the Maudeep and Paul 's mother has already become reverend and given birth to his sister . The overall rating and I think that is terribly decieptful . If you have any doubt , do not buy this game .
 I could not wait to get it off my computer . Arrow and other keyboard commands . If it was mouse , you could at least control the character better . I emailed Dreamcaster and even though I did not buy it from them , they agreed to exchange it for another of their games . -LRB- I got a mouse control game -RRB-
 Firstly can I say that I played this game on PS2 for some reason they do n't have that version of it here on Amazon.com . Still regardless of the format this game is so astoundingly bad that it still deserves a savaging . Even on a Playstation Controller the controls for this game are still awkward and clumsy . You chop and change camera with a confusing speed , which is especially annoying , when you attempting to sneak up on some one shoot them from a distance . Paul also has an annoying habit of getting stuck to walls when he is being shot . Normally you can walk up to a wall and put your back to it to sneak past guards and staff but you need to actually pull yourself away from a wall in order to respond to a guards attack.The gameplay is also the complete pants . It skips or fast forwards through large chunks of the Dune story and used so much of the jargon of the books without clear explanation that you would have to be a serious devotee of the books to follow the plot . Hell this is even worse than David Lynch 's Dune movie ! Important details like the codes you need to open locked doors are hidden in the smallest most hard to see places that you waste literally hours looking for them . Also for a 3rd person shooter / RPG the lack of ammo is an absolute joke . For example in the second level there are seven guards to kill , each guard takes 3 shots to kill provided you are a good shot and you only have 15 bullets!You are a complete sucker if you buy this game . Trade it now before it ruins your life . If you are even contemplating renting it do n't . Read the book -LRB- again -RRB- or hire the David Lynch movie of the TV mini series .
 OK , this must be by far the winner in two catagories
 Wow . When I saw the cover for this game , I thought to myself `` Finally ! Somebody has made a 3D Dune game ! '' Then I put the game in my computer and nearly broke down crying because it was SOOOOOO bad . I mean , this game is beyond bad . First
 This game was one of the biggest dissappointments I 've ever had in a game . Dreamcatcher has made some great games , but maybe action games just are n't their forte . This game has terrible controls , you have to use the directional keys for movement and ca n't use w , a , s , d , so if you are right handed , like most people , it is realy awkward . Every action like opening doors or changing weapons is terrible . If an enemy actually sees you there really is n't much you can do but stand there while they shoot you to death . The voice work was ok , and the look of the game was n't that bad , but all the other mistakes far outweigh any positives . I have a decent graphics card and it still took me quite a while just to get the game to work . A sad release of what should have been such a great game . I know it looks like fun but really do n't bother with this one .
 Story adaption is awful , gameplay is terrible , and user interface is very frustrating , to put it mildly . It appears they didnt do a lot of testing before releasing this opus barfo to the public .
 Horrible only begins to describe this game . Putrid tripe put out to make a buck . Could they make the controls more confusing . If I were an octopus , maybe I would have arms enough to control the keyboard , mouse , and -LRB- I swear -RRB- telepathic controls . Did I mention that the game is horrible .
 When will the gaming world understand that if a book can not be made into a movie , then it has no business trying to turn a mini-series that tried to unsuccessfuly capture the essence of Dune into a video game.You begin the game listening to a short prologue that seems to borrow from the David Lynch version of Dune . Then you are thrust into a scene where Paul and his mother are running from the sand worm . This would be fun and an interesting progression only for the fact that the angle that you are forced to view the level is in front of Paul . He is looking at you , actually . There is a huge sand worm coming from behind you and the task that you have to perform is running on patches of sand that will not cause you to sink down . The problem is you can not see in front of you . You have to constantly guess where the safe sand is . It is nothing but trial and error , and you will be eaten by the sand worm several times.That is the first level . It only gets worse from there . The graphics are par at best , nothing compared to the excellent graphics that are displayed in the recent Return to Castle Wolfenstein , and the upcoming Unreal 2 . The AI needs some tweaking
 1 star is 1 too many for this disgrace . I bought it hoping for a glimmer of the brilliance in Herbert 's novels , but no such luck . Not only did the graphics , storyline , controls , and gameplay fall flat on their face , the game also froze before I ever made it out of the first level . Do not buy this game .
 The graphic is awful , every character you talk to sonds like to have a rod right up in the @ $ $ , ther 's no savegame but when you are in the sietch -LRB- the Fremen base -RRB- , the movement keys are the arrows of the keyboard AND you must use the mouse , a right-handed has a little difficult doing so ... there 's no difficult setting , it 's fixed on impossible , enemies go down with 3-4 shots of the gun , but in the whole level there are n't spare shots fo HALF OF THEM , the targeting system does n't think corners or boulders can stop your bullets to reach the target , so you 'll waste lots of them for nothing , the kriss is utterly useless , you can use it only for sneak attacks to get the water for the enemies , in a direct attack Paul will do amazing , random moves that do n't graze a sheet of paper , much less a Harkonnen soldier , if you are walking with the back on a wall and someone finds you , tou 'll be shot down before you can get away from the wall , the camera changings will make you crush on a wall or stumble on an enemy you did n't see till the last moment . Do n't buy this game , it 's a waste of money and an insult to both Herbert 's masterpiece and your intelligence .
 My son and I keep trying to pair it with the ps3 but it does n't work . I wish I could say that I am electronicly challenged , but Im not . I set up all the electronic in our home . It just does n't work .
 So , there I was , thinking I knew Logitech created quality devices . I have had many computer peripherals that were produced by Logitech , and they have all been sound , quality products . So , I decided to get this wireless headset . Let me tell you , that was an awful decision . For something that was made specifically for the PS3 , this thing sucks . I followed the instructions to the T in syncing the headset to the PS3 . So why do I have to constantly re-syng it ? Also , once it is synced , the headset constantly cycles on and off , creating a clicking noise . Even when I sit it on a desk and have no other background noise , it constantly shows up that it is receiving voice input . As a side-effect , it sometimes cancels out my PS3 controller , so I ca n't do anything until I restart the system . Now , to get to the comfort side of things . Whoever designed the wrap-around head piece is an idiot . It is not adjustable , so unless you have the same head as the designer , then it wo n't fit you properly . Maybe I just got a bad egg , but I will never suggest this headset to anyone I know . I have been a gamer for a long time , and I must say , I have n't been this disappointed in a peripheral for years . If you are set on having a wireless headset , then get one that is made for cell-phones , like a Motorola brand .
 I read the reviews here , and thought I had found the perfect headset . I liked it for about a day . It 's uncomfortable , cheap feeling , the boom mic does not have enough angle adjustment for when you have the headset around you neck and multifunction button does not like to recognize that you want to mute the mic.After a week , I got frustrated enough with this thing and destroyed it . -LSB- ... -RSB- Save your money , ignore the Logitch fanboys .
 No , really , it 's not a bad game.But it 's really nothing great . It has its moments , if you 're just looking to kill some time or if you 're really into strong bloody violence -LRB- I know I am -RRB- . Very good graphics , and the character designs are -LRB- mostly -RRB- great . Animations and so forth are also examplory.Low Points
 you need to be a super nerd or cheater to beat this gamethis is one of the hardest games ive ever playedi would take this game back if i could !!! the thing that totaly sucks about this game is the fighting , camrea settings , items , movie clips you cant skip , and cant save when ever you wantthe hardest games ive ever played were rayman 2 and this game -LRB- Galleon -RRB- the only cool things are the acrobaticsthe scenery and things you can grab onto is very pickypionters to if you want a few especial good tips1 be very carful when jumping if you jump to far you lose a ton of health and it sucks cause your healing mushrooms are very limited i ran out in like the 2nd island2 !!!! read the tips in the pause menu !!! 3 when your fighting if you have a sword and like to do the running y atack i learned that you hurt your self when doing it all Y move are extremly easy to hurt your self4the sweet powerd up combo ones wrath of the dragon hurts you to !!! 5 hand to hand is the best fightin method6 pistols are hard to get ready befor a hit so if you want to use one pull it out once you here the duh duh duh duh duh duh music P.S. that music tels you if you have enimies7 the running jump kick A X is the most effective attack unless fighting big bosses8boses take for ever so be carful they will usally attack and then be sort of stunned9go to -LSB- ... -RSB- 10enemys die in water and in lava , bladeds ect . ect . use your acrobatic abiltys to avid them11 your team people can die
 I purchased this product hoping to run it on my PC which runs on the Vista Home Basic operating system . Other buyers should be aware that it wo n't run on this system . Neither will it run on my office PC which uses Windows XP Professional . I think the inability to run on XP could possibly be solved by someone with computer savvy , but it 's a definite no-go on Vista .
 The game does not work properly in Windows 7 , you will get to a certain point and the game will crash . I have tested this on several different machines . I also tried installing the game on my VMWare XP Pro system . The game has nasty DRM that detects VMWare and will not allow the game to run.The game should include this warning . `` Warning , we enjoy victimizing our customers , and spoiling our chances for repeat business ; For this reason our lousy software comes with DRM . `` I gave these people my hard earned money . Because they ASSUME people will steal their product , now I am being PUNISHED . I am punished by the fact that I have given them my money , and now I have nothing to show for it but a worthless piece of plastic.Thank you for reading my review ! If you enjoyed it , be sure to rate it as helpful .
 WHY do I bother ? I wonder if the CD version of the game is as ridden with bugs as THIS game was . It really IS kind of neat but somehow , either Amazon ONLY accepts games for downloads that are bug-ridden OR , they redo it that way in their download shop.The game is horribly buggy and hard . I went straight for the CHEATS ... but they only prolonged the agony . I 'm probably @ 1/2 through with it and I JUST want it OFF MY PC!AVOID THIS and ANY DOWNLOADABLE GAMES from AMAZON !
 At first glance , this Sega Classics Collection appears to be a great buy for it 's price . The packaging states that classic Sega games from yesteryear such as Golden Axe , Alien Syndrome , Space Harrier , Outrun , Columns , Fantasy Zone , Virtua Racing , Monaco GP , Tant R , and Bonanza Bros are here , but these games hardly resemble the classic favorites from Sega 's heydays . Maybe that 's because the games are supposedly `` remastered '' with different graphics , sound , and music ; and none of it is for the better at all . The graphics on all of the games look like polygonal messes , the music is atrocious , there 's way too many load screens , and plenty of more gripes that are too many to mention here . Space Harrier is n't challenging here , Golden Axe is annoying with some just plain bad hit detection , and the racing games are almost uncontrolable . If you have fond memories of the aforementioned games , avoid this at all costs , and others who may be looking to pick this up , be warned
 These games are REMAKES of arcade games . The remakes are WORSE than the original , especially Golden Axe ! The only decent game is Space Harrier and Out Run.Overall DO N'T buy this game . I recommend Capcom Classics Collection , Midway Arcade Treasures 1 , then Namco 50th Anniversary Collection.Dear SEGA
 i was hoping for a classics compilation.when i didnt see zaxxon , super zaxxon or pengo , i was already dissapointed.i bought the game anyways.will someone please tell sega to put the above mentioned games in a future disc .
 I wo n't go into the rules of chess , so if you do n't know how to play it , then by me saying this does follow the rules of chess well and is programmed decently enough to pass as a standard chess game wo n't mean much to you . However , what was supposed to make this version a little different , was not just the fact that it 's an animated version of the board game -LRB- as in your pieces actually walk and move and what not -RRB- but when you do take your oppositions piece or vice verse , it cuts to a battle scene outside of a castle between the two pieces -LRB- eg
 I thought this game would be something great to get my kids so they would have something different to play . It was even better that it came for the Xbox . I was very disappointed though . The graphics were terrible . I understand it was made for a sega but if they say and sell it for an Xbox then it should play just as well for an Xbox !
 Thought this would be a fun - always been a fan of Sonic and my 6 year old loves him . This `` collection '' doesnt even allow you to play all the games listed . The graphis are awful compared to Crash Bandicoot , Star Wars and Cars for the same system . Maybe because it was meant for Sega ? I dont know - but dont waste your money .
 this game does not play on xbox 360 , dont buy unless you intend to play on orig . xbox . there is no update on xbox live . to bad ilove this game .
 The SEGA Superstars game is a defective product . I purchased the game disc from Best Buy and tried it in my Playstation 2 console , but my game console can not read the disc . I am not even sure if I can return the open package to SEGA or Best Buy , but surely I do not recommend others to purchase this game . It is a waste of money.I also saw another kid who was complaining at Best Buy that his mother also bought the same defective product , and the family regreted buying the product.SEGA should make sure the their product is manufactured properly and make sure that it is compatible with the console they want to play it with , in this case , the Playstation 2 .
 I ordered this game excited to play it . I bought it along with five other games , and this one came last . unfortunately , they instead sent me `` Eyetoy Play '' . And even with this game , the case and the CD were all cracked . I was looking forward to playing Sega Superstars , so I am very dissatisfied .
 the disc stopped working what waste of money that was the saddest part is it was n't even scratched so its fun for a while then your PS2 is saying it ca n't read the disc do n't believe me email me unijtheg@yahoo.com
 I was expecting a fun filled adventure but it was tedious and plain . I got bored with it after one day.I thought it would be a good game for my girlfriend and I to play together but it was disappointing.It might be good for little kids though .
 Just like my review of the other codemaster game Tocca Race 3 , I 'm wondering what people are using and what settings , because nothing seems to get this game to simulate any normal car movements or steering . Both games by codemaster has no value on my computer with my wheel even though my system is much higher then the stated requirements.You 'd be taking a risk buying this game not knowing if it will work or not and many write ups stated they also could n't get a normal steering or handling out of this game making it worthless to them as well.This had worse handling and issues setting steering then the game ` Driver ' so you can imagine .
 I have owned pretty much all the versions of this game up through the Warlord Edition w/expansion packs , this one is the worst . Let me explain - I loved all the total war games and Shogun was the first . The original had glitches , archers shooting their own troops , enemy reinforcements appearing behind your lines or just about any crazy place were the two biggest offenses in my humble opinion . This game has those and more . Gold edition has the the newer units of the later versions , naginata cavalry , Geisha assassins , looting of captured provinces , so it is n't the first version , but it appears to have all the glitches of the first version . The game in concept is one of my favorites of all time , the battles are a blast and yet if you are feeling less like it you can often simple play on the strategy map and let the computer figure the odds -LRB- hint
 I hate to say it but I bought this game thinking it would be fun a joy to play . But it flat out sucked . I mean in the beginning it was alright then later on it started to get boring and boring as I went along . Then some people do buy it for the creativity factors . But if you do buy this game buy a fresh memory card with it because for every monster you make it takes up I think it somewhere between 5-20 blocks -LRB- I traded it in for spider-man 2 and budokai 2 -RRB- . Do n't buy it unless you have extreme patience and a decent allowance .
 This game sucks so much . The little amount of voice acting is horrible.The graphics sucks too.The customozation is great . You run around playing sorta fun games and that 's it over and over again collecting new monster bodies to defeat black evil.Dragon , Hero , Dog , Hamster , Dinousaur and kid are the bodies . Are kid 's monsters . You also play a GBA card game which is good . Stay away from this game if you know what is good for you .
 Well , this game does have it 's good points , but those are cancelled out by the negative . Plainly said , it is low quality . Of course , the prospect of drawing your own monster is simply a great , creative idea ! But , the rest falls short . The mini-games I have to say are weak , as the rest.And did anyone else notice how the kid on the cover of the game is n't in the actual game ?!?! -LRB- or at least as far as I 've gone . I got bored easily . -RRB-
 Ok , let me start off by saying that this game is a very poorly developed game . The creators and publishers of this game should be very disappointed . Yippee , we made a piece of junk ! I hear the profits will be $ 10 because only stupid ol' blockbuster will buy the game ! That is what I probably would 've said after creating this heap of metal . When you create monsters , they all look the same and have the same color . Then you have BUY the colors at the shop . You can only have one blob at a time . The minigames are very EASY and you will beat it in one day , double the amount of time it took me .
 THIS GAME SOUNDS NICE , BUT IT IS N'T ! I got stuck on my second battle of a race ! It sounded so awesome when I rented it ! `` AMAZING ISLAND ! '' Catching , eh ? Just to suck people in to WASTE CASH ! Do n't listen to the other reviews ! It 's plain out horrible ! The plot is bad , and the only good thing is making ugly monsters !
 This is the dumbest game ever , no questions asked . I thought Sega would do a better job for a game like this ! Let me explain my experience : Well , first of all , I rented this game -LRB- good thing too -RRB- and I came home excited to play it because I 'm really into monsters , and creating and customizing stuff . Well so I played it and I hated it . That 's all there is to be said about `` Stupid , stupid , stupid Amazing Island !!!!! '' It 's a good thing I only rented it , because I almost wanted to buy it before I knew what it was like . :--LRB- DO N'T RENT OR BUY IT ! DO N'T PLAY IT , PERIOD !
 your playing a game you think its fun from the case you put it in and everything goes to hell
 Empire Earth does have great graphics and gameplay , however , in return , it has tons of wonderful problems ! Empire Earth `` promises '' things but does not fulfill them -LRB- like the night/day cycle in games-but it only works in SOME campaign games ONLY -RRB- . Furthermore , Empire Earth boasts about its several units in different ages and many buildings . But , the units and buildings are the same almost . It gets boring from time to time . Empire Earth is NOT flexible . You ca n't change the color of your civ in a single player game , you can only play random games , civs are weird-if you pick the French , they have a british accent -LRB- all civ have this accent -RRB- . Building styles are the same for all ; it does n't change . Tech Support does n't help . And , do n't bother to go visit the Empire Earth Website because they do n't update it . This game , I think , is a waste of money .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift , it did not work , upon sending several e-mails , after my husband tried everything they suggested , i ended up losing my money , since it had been opened and can not be returned . They suggested the problem was with my computer , absolutly not . i got ripped off .
 This kinda sucks because I got the game and eveytime I load it it saysError and then it says send or do n't send .
 I have played this game exactly four times . Three against the computer and one online . The computer AI cheats , literally - read the forums on this game - many people have investigated and determined that the computer builds up resources and advances much faster than the human player is allowed to . This amounts to a game where you build your civ for a while , then the computer troops come in and wipe you out before you 've even had a chance to accomplish anything . No fun.I decided to try the online play since playing vs. the computer was so unenjoyable . I found snotty ultra-skilled players that wiped me out in under five minutes - again no fun . These people were not even nice - I asked them for tips on how to play and they just sent back nasty messages.So - this game is a total bust . The gameplay is so unbalanced that the player can never get into it in any detail . You just start playing defensively right away and then lose.I regret buying this title .
 If you played and liked AOK , do n't buy this game . Here are a few points to think about :1 . Graphics are bad -LRB- every thing is small with no detail -RRB- even in 640x480 . The movement detail is terrible , you ca n't even tell the units from one another . Oh yeah , I know , the graphics would look much better if you have one of those new NV video cards at -LSB- amt -RSB- a piece -LRB- well , AOK does not need one -RRB- .2 . Action is bad , you ca n't tell if your archers for example are involved in a battle or just standing idle -LRB- hardly can see any flying arrows -RRB- . Same for almost all the other units . You ca n't even tell if you are winning or loosing a battle , all you hear is -LRB- whahhh , ouuuuha , eeeeh -RRB- then either all your troops are dead or all the enemy troops are .3 . Too slow -LRB- even on my 800MHZ CEL -RRB- Do n't see how you will ever play this online -LRB- what ? wait 10 minutes to take turns ? -RRB- . AOK plays fine on my 400MHZ CEL and thats while hosting a game -RRB- .4 . Not fun , you wo n't play this game more that once or twice . Buy it you will find out why .5 . The product is probably a result of dis-agreement on the future of AOK which led Mr. Goodman to leave and start this project to implement his own ideas . Good thing ES was mature enough to stop this type of thinking from leaking into AOK or next releases .6 . I am not a Microsoft or ES fan , I actually used to get excited when new software was released for other OS brands such as OS/2 hoping for the fall of Windows , but I have to admit that AOK is definitely the winner by far .
 I was pretty disappointed . I 'd played all the other Age of Kings game etc and was hoping for something new . It 's just the same thing over again , still fun to play , but I 've had enough of it .
 Do not bother buying this game . The system requirements listed above are incorrect . I have bought the game , can not run it -LRB- even though I meet the minimum system requirements -RRB- and I encountered rude answers on the Sierra -LRB- the manufacturer 's -RRB- website . It seems from the comments on the Sierra website that many people are having major problems with this game . Wait 'till the bugs are worked out , unless you like paying -LSB- price -RSB- to be a beta tester .
 My first impression after playing it is , it 's lame . The action is very slow . Everything on the screen it too small . Who really cares how good the graphics are if they are too small to see . The voices that repeat continuously when you move a citizen , boat or soldier , really gets annoying fast . I play a lot of AOE and I was really disappointed with Empire Earth ...
 Look - I like Real Time Strategy games as much as the next guy . I loved StarCraft , Dune II , Command and Conquer , and their ilk . I loved Age of Empires . So when Sierra -LRB- a company I have followed since Ken and Roberta opened shop in the 80 's -RRB- announced a MASSIVE RTS with all the whistles and bells - I started drooling in anticipation . The letdown was enormous!I have a P4 1.6 GHz computer with a 64 Meg Video Card and a 128 M 3D card with 1 Gig of RAM . ANYTHING should run smoothly - regardless of the number of units or art style . Normally games tend to lag online - it 's just a fact of life - you deal with it . BUT TO LAG ON A COMPUTER ABOVE AND BEYOND THE REQUIREMENTS , IN SINGLE PLAYER MODE , IS ABSURD ! The art is repugnant , the sprites are rediculous , the gameplay is so incredibly dense , slow and hard , I regret ever having given my money for this tripe !
 Bought the game twice , returned twice . Too many bugs , crashes too often . It was fun while you can play , but they should have really tested before release .
 Too slow interface with too much time consumptionthe game took 6 hours to finish a random map game with no funI just played out of curiosityBut this is almost similer to the age of empire with less originalityJust adding 14 epoch does not give much funthere is not so much difference between the prehistoric and nano ageDespite the advertisementactually there is no civilization at allI think AOE 2 is much better than this game
 right off tha bat the game would not work.it finally worked . and after couple of days the game still suks .
 I was unable to play this game after installing it . Once installed , I launched the game , then selected -LRB- single player -RRB- campaign from the main menu . My firewall popped up with a message saying Empire Earth was attempting to connect to the internet . The game then locked up . I have a dial-up connection that was not connected at the time . Repeated attempts to run the game caused the game to locked up again at the same point -LRB- with no error messages , even with internet connection working -RRB- . If this game needs to have an ongoing internet connection while playing -LRB- single player -RRB- , it should list that as a requirement so customers do n't waste their money on a product like this.If you want to play a good RTS , play either Rise of Nations -LRB- historical RTS -RRB- or Universe at War -LRB- futuristic RTS -RRB- instead of this game .
 Ok I know theres 50 reviews up here with 4 or 5 stars already , that always makes me curious when the game hasnt even come out yet . Yesterday I downloaded the demo with my DSL and after an hour or so of anticipation I was able to play . The demmo consited of a 4 tutorials and 2 senerios . I have to admit at first I was pumped for this game I thought it would be a cross between a new type civiliztion game and age of kings . Unfortunatly from the demo it 's not as good as either of those two . Frankly I am suprised that a company would try to pass of something that is obviously an Age of Empires type game a year or so after AOE has been out and not have it be at least as good as AOK . Now I am not an age of kings fanatic but I just dont see how this offers much more . You may get more building types and some speacialty stuff and get to go through many ages , but the graphics are worse in the sence that to see all of whats going on everything is so small and frankly unit graphics just dont meet AOK standards . Also units move relativly fast and they are not as ballanced as AOE units for instance your 10 shortsword men will be cut down by 10 javeliners in a heartbeat without doing the slightest dammage to the javeleners . There is a whole unit type combat system that forces you to fight certain units with only other types if you dont wished to be completely slaughtered , it 's a somewhat reasonable system in theory but in practice it 's entirely to black and white . You also have heroes , but they are rather bland to me . combat takes an imence amount of micromanaging which wouldnt be bad if there were not a huge number of fastly moving units all over the place . Also AI is not nearly as good as AOK.Sadly this game isnt up to my expectations , I will be buying Civ 3 most likely and I am downloading the Star wars battle grounds demo which uses the ensemble engine with star wars universe . Also there is age of mythology coming out next year.overall its an ok game but if you dont have Age of Empires your money would be better spent there .
 Take my advice
 There are too many bugs . Yes , the game looks really great , but the game keeps locking up , even after installing all the patches . I tried , but could n't get Sierra to do anything about it . If I could have tried it before I bought it , I never would have .
 How can you review products that you have n't tried ?
 This game have good graphic but fail badly in game play.For example
 Perhaps I 'm just not enough of `` hard core '' gamer , but I foudn this game too difficult to be enjoyable . While I enjoyed building and advancing my civilization , there 's just no way to avoid doing battle and play a simply economic game . So , about the time I get a wonder built or a couple started the AI kicks in and stomps the bejeezus out of me . I 've had the game for a year - even bought the strategy guide - and I 've yet to play complete a scenario succesfully , and this is while playing on the easiest setting . Perhaps I 'm more used to simulation/city-building games than RTS games , but it seems to me that for the game to be enjoyable the average use ought to have at least a reasonable chance at success.Technically , graphically , it 's a great game . No complaints there , but the level of difficulty makes me unlikely to want to continue playing .
 I ca n't comment on the quality of the game because I was never able to run it . I have a very common configuration -LRB- Dell PII-450mhz with 128 velocity video adapter -RRB- running XP . This game is not compatible with this system . I have been attempting to contact their technical support for weeks but have received no response . I only recently learned that my particular video adapter -LRB- very common -RRB- is not compatible with this game in XP . It is amazing that they would have not worked this out prior to release . If you buy this game , I hope you do n't have any technical problems because you will not receive adequate technical support .
 I was expecting game play similiar to that of Age of Empires as Empire Earth packaging states `` from Rick Goodman , Lead Designer of Age of Empires '' . I was quite disappointed in game play and interface . While I thoroughly enjoyed Age of Empires II , I found Empire Earth to be overly complicated . In addition to numerous military pieces , each also had several variables . And remember , that military piece will be antiqued in just a few minutes then you have to learn new ones ! Also , trying to keep track of which type of warrior could beat whom is frustrating . It 's far worse than the simple scissors , paper , rock . Did you notice the price drop from $ 49.99 to $ 19.99 ? And this game just came out .
 I purchased this game , loaded it and tried to run it only to findthat the copy guard on the CD is so strong that when I try to start the game it rejects the CD . Sierra technical support finallly admited that they went overboard this time with their copy guard protection and some CD ROM drives will not work with the CD in the game . I have one of those drives -LRB- 72x Kenwood -RRB- . Contacting Kenwood did no good as they refuse to `` Crutch '' Sierra 's problems.This is a true example of the term
 Empire Earth has been heralded as the true successor to Age of Empires , and perhaps it could have been . The game fails on two levels.The first failure is the combat system . The military units represent quite literally an enhanced game of rock , paper and scissors . In this case , shock weapons trump pierce , pierce weapons trump ranged , ranged weapons trump shock ... rock - paper - scissors . This is pretty silly.The second failure is the difficulty level . There is no novice or beginer level from which to learn this game . It begins slamming you from the outset with pretty advanced computer AI that individually manages the combat units on the rock-paper-scissors scale while you manage by unit groups and the AI builds up its civilization far faster than the beginning player could hope to.In short , this game is a stunning disappointment for the average gamer . Avoid .
 I was not pleased . I ordered software that I could not load . After going on the companies web site , I learned that this game was full of problems . I was very concerned that it would cause a hard drive crash after seeing the warning signs.Before you even think of buying , go to the Sierra Studios web site to learn about all the hoops you may have to jump through before you can even begin to play .
 I would like to say how much I love this game . However , I am unable to do so due to the arrogant nature of the customer disservice and the irresponsible attitudes of Sierra and its programmers.If you use a firewall , even one other than Zonealarm , you will be unable to run this game without first DISABLING your firewall , or giving the game indiscriminate access to your internet connection . I mean you MUST do this for SOLO play.I can understand that you need to allow a program to access the internet in order to have a multiplayer game over the internet , but given the number of titles that support and encourage multiplayer over the internet -LRB- both those of this and other genres -RRB- that do NOT have this bug , it is my recommendation that you play some of those other splendid titles and allow this one to fade away into the ignominous fate that should await all examples of bad programming , regardless of what former luster their publisher may have had.I have contacted Sierra concerning this bug , and their official stance is to ignore it , claiming that EE does not attempt to access the internet unless multiplayer is selected , it merely makes certain system calls that cause firewalls to THINK they are accessing the internet , even though the game crashes when you allow your firewall to block access to the internet.They consider this a user problem . I consider it an invasion of my privacy and a security risk . The necessary steps to secure my computer -LRB- disable DSL connection and firewall -RRB- and have solo play are an offensive and unacceptable intrusion , and Sierra 's attitude towards this bug is intolerable so I encourage you not to tolerate it . As I pointed out to Sierra , there are lots of other games of this type without these problems , play them instead , and be sure to let Sierra know why .
 this product was the worst and should n't be purchased if you do n't want to throw 20 dollars down the drain . HORRIBLY DONE . sierra should have been disposed of and a better company like the creators of Medeival total war should make another game . SO THINK AGAIN IF YOU PLAN TO BUY IT . it is boring and nothing is realistic especially the graphics , for example the people are larger than the house . so do n't buy this ... for your own sake !
 This is the worst game ... I got it because of all the cool units and graphics . I even went online looked at reviews online and alla were great . So I bought it I made a scenario for it . At first I just thought it was slow just because I put too many units on the game . Wrong I started a regular game but the same thing happened . Also it take about 10 minutes for the game to save . Also I am not lying when I say this I told one of my cybers to attack an enemy unit but it took 5 minutes for it to respond . For those of you who want a game similiar to empire earth I 'd go with Total Annihilation . It 's an old one for Windows 95 but I personally think that it 's better . It 's even got more defence units such as torpedo launchers and missle turrets which Empire Earth does n't have . So for those of you who want to buy Empire Earth think again .
 The game wo n't run for more than 30 minutes with three of the four modern PCs I 've installed it on . The game was released long before it was ready for public consumption .
 Let me preface this by saying I 'm a die hard AOE/AOK player ... I wish/hope Ensemble Studios will put out the follow up to AOK , perhaps title it Age of Revolution to span up until the 20th century . This Age of Mythology they are working on looks like a lot of nonsense ! Back to Empire Earth ... I was initially attracted to the idea of being able to play the whole span of Human development from the start to the present in one game . I figured I should play the demo to see what the game is all about . Boy , was I dissapointed . The graphics are not as smooth as AOK and in fact , it looks a lot like a AOK wannabe , but without the fun . I 've watched my husband play Starcraft enough to recognize some of those elements in there as well , so perhaps the developers thought they could mesh the two together to get something greater . It just does not feel right to me . The demos are scripted , no leeway to have you put the villies to work to see what their capabilities are or to work with the tech tree . The demo involving the 2 WW1 German pilots was a rip off , I thought I was going to be able to fly the planes , the ` scenario starts ' when the plane has crashed!The EE demo was not convincing enough for me to buy the game -LRB- when released -RRB- and fool around with ... they have less than one month to release and I ca n't see how they are going to make any major changes from the demo . So in the meantime , I 'll stick with my AOK the Conquerors version , thanks very much .
 Oh brother , not another AoE , C&C , StarCraft clone . In fact , it sounds like they just took all of those games and put them into one long one . Hey guys , Wake up ! These RTS games are all exactly the same ! How many times can you gather the same three or four resources , upgrade your units and fight repetitive battles over and over before you realize that its not really a `` strategy '' game anymore ? Have some originality and try a real historical simulation strategy game like Europa Universalis .
 BOTTOM LINE
 Just do n't buy this one . You will have more fun watching your money sitting in a savings account . And for goodness sakes , do n't let your kid waste his/her money & YOUR time!Seriously , this stupid game has wasted more of my family 's time than any other software product we have ever purchased . It runs like molasses on a top-of-the-line processor , with a top-notch video card , tons of memory , lots of disk space . From scanning reviews , I 'd guess you might possibly manage to get it working if you happen to have the exact same system as some of the early testers ... probably means some out-of-date version of Windows . But do n't count on it.There are so many recommendations in the handbook for speeding up the program , that it 's obvious they knew on release that this would be a problem . Half of the recommendations basically involve turning off and/or crippling the promised attractive features of the game . To release a program like this which does NOT reliably run on any machine meeting recommended or better system specifications -LRB- and you are out of luck if your system only reaches the `` minimum '' specs -RRB- is totally unprofessional .
 this game has bad graphics ! the helmets are square for cryin out loud ! when you attack , the AI has excellent defences , and can always rout you . i had 300 or so tanks and infantry , and was attacking a settlement close to MY city , but was routed by a combination of AT guns , mortar fire , and helis . and that was with air support ! if u dont want to attack , but want to wait for them to attack , youll be waiting for a long time ! they almost never attack ! and wen they do , its only a single unit or something ! the ships , there ok , but i dont like how even in the modern age , the Bismark -LRB- a battleship -RRB- is still afloat . everyone knows that it was sunk during WW2 ! dont buy this game unless u hav a slow computer or just want a long game !
 'Em pire Earth ' is n't the EASIEST game to learn . It actually has a high learning curve . And it does n't look that GREAT . But there 's something about it . All these different epochs you can play in . It is worth checking out now if you can find it in a bargain bin .
 This game was too ambitious . By including so many ages , it spread itself to thin to greatly capture the essense of any particular age . The economy design is a stripped down version of Age of Empires , and it remains the same throughout every age . This game will be fun for kids , but the build build , build , attack , attack , attack game has gotten really old with me.My rating may be biased because I prefer turn based strategy games . I just found this game to be kinda boring .
 Sorry , very dissapointed . No strategy just a race . Interesting concept but already covered by AOE . One thing I 'll give this game is incredible graphics but if you are looking for mind chalenging , strategic planing and military execution this is not it . Just build up as much resources , advance as fast as you can and send your military into your opponents center to rampage . That 's about it . I wish someone would come up with a real military combat strategy battlefield experience . Shogun Total war comes close . If they could use the same engine in the context of Roman empire that would be great.Buy Empire Earth after price goes down . Not worth -LRB- ... -RRB- it . This game is mildly amusing . You could say it 's AOE part next .
 First let me start out by saying that no matter how many bugs there are , this game is amazing , and I still play it . If you 're looking for a great game concept , and many fun hours of play , you 've found the right game . However , if you 're not expecting to pay the price for that `` perfect '' game , do n't get Empire Earth ... I run a Win2k computer , and there are more bugs in this game than in any software I 've ever seen . Constant crashes to the desktop are annoying to say the least ... but when those crashes leave your system unable to open and executables , and you have to restart , it 's downright frustrating . I think one of the better bugs , because of this , is the in-game bug that crashes the game and restarts the computer ... at least you do n't have to restart it yourself ! On the first install , I updated the game completely , still had the problems , and then , with my GeForce2 Pro video card , could n't open the game ... it would freeze upon startup and throw me back to the desktop . As said , great game , but the coding and the time spent by Sierra to make it compatable with the newer operating systems is abysmal . I suggest saving your money . If you really want to be `` entertained '' for hours and hours with great gameplay , after rebooting your computer once or twice every hour , this is your game , but it 's certainly not mine .
 EE is a classic example of an over-engineered game . A couple of reasons :1 -RRB- While some people might like the appeal of the massive time line it encompasses , it just seems cheezy to me to have jet fighers facing off against cavalry .2 -RRB- The AI is devious . That would be a good thing if you had all the time in the world , but actually hunting down a single unit to win the game is annoying . Also , when you are playing against two or more AI players , once you attack one the other -LRB- s -RRB- comes in and hammers you . The manual discusses this explicitly and warns of the impending consequences , but it still does n't make any sense . It is almost like you are playing all the AI players at once from the very first nanosecond of the game . Some players may find this a challenge , but I feel cheated . At least in other games the AI players take time to realize that you are progressing too quickly and then band together . EE 's approach is unrealistic and nonhuman .3 -RRB- Units . Three words to describe - rocks , scissors , paper . Yawn . It makes sense , but EE emphasized this to the point of absurd across the timeline -LRB- other reviewers joke about bowmen taking out a tank or somesuch folly - it really is n't funny if the tank is your unit . -RRB- And the controls are fickle and not terribly intuitive . For instance , I never figured out how to effectively use the modern artillery cannon ,4 -RRB- Graphics and gameplay . -LRB- Warning - conspiracy theory alert . -RRB- I have this theory that whenever a computer game is about to be improved upon from a graphics perspective the game studio and its programmers rally around a new graphics technology that differentiates their appproach from the past product . It simply must be better because it is NEWER . Well , IMO the graphics are annoying and lack certain elements to give you the geewhiz 3D that you do n't even need . This slows down everyone 's PC -LRB- read all the reviews -RRB- and does n't make a difference towards gameplay . In some respects , it may hamper the gameplay.In summary this game was frustrating and annoying after about three weeks . I still find myself playing AOEII more than any other game on the market . And that really is the major point , once the novelty wears off , what game do you want to own . Not this one , IMHO .
 Well the game play would make for a great RTS game , ` cept the damm thing crashes to desktop , or even worse does a complete crash -LRB- yeah restarts the machine ! -RRB- on a regular basis . Ran through all the learning game fine , but it does n't seem to like random games ... UGH ! No new patches since Nov of 2001 so do n't hold your breath for more fixes ... My machine is a Dell Demension PIV which is less that a year old running W2k!Good luck and pass on this poorly tested and supported product.OH I forgot to mention it uses secureROM a terrible security product that forced me to update my mother board drivers before the damm game would work !
 This game is a very good game but very hard to play and takes up 400 mb on your computer also is very slow . If you want a better game but still almost the same theme for a cheaper price just buy age of empiers 2 and it expantion pack . It is a lot better than this game .
 I was so excited when i got this game . . I loaded it up asap . I started playing . It was very dissapointing . I loved Age of Empires 2 and expansion , and thought EE would be very good . But as i said EE is very dissapionting . Aoe2 gives me much more excitment than EE . Personally , im thinking bout uninstalling EE , so take this into thinking , Empire Earth isnt very good as you may think it is .
 This game is not compatible with Windows XP . I tried playing it on an H/P Pavilion that 's less than 6 weeks old loaded with Windows XP . The game installs ok , then when you hit the play option , immediately crashes and generates an error report . I 've e-mailed Sierra twice but no response . If anyone knows of a fix , let me know as I really want to give this another shot . Yes , I did download the latest Windows updates and no , they had no effect . If you have XP , save your money on this game til they get the problem fixed , assuming they do ! I 've had a lot of success and enjoyment with Sierra products but this is a major let down
 This game promised a lot , but failed miserably . It has ok graphics , but the gameplay is slow and on some computers there 's a time delay . If you like ages of empires then you 'll like this , but otherwise spend your money on Civ 3 or Europa Universalis .
 This has to be the worst video game purchase I have ever made.I really regret the -LSB- money -RSB- plus tax that I spent on this.I m surprised so many people like this game.Let me tell you why to me this game is a complete failure.They are trying to mix all the game genres into one , hoping that that would make it the best game ever.First , they try to imitate Age of Empires -LRB- even in the Title ! -RRB- which as we know is quite popular as an RTS . But you only get the worst aspects about AOE
 On a 500 MHz PIII w / 256 Mb mempory and the latest drivers from the OEM , this game was simply too slow to be playable , even with all their suggestions for best performance . Mouse movements were incredibly jerky and imprecise . In some cases the mouse had nearly 1 full second delay !!! In addition the game essentially ignores all the hit , attack , speed , range , etc. combat factors in favor of a ridiculous rock/paper/scissors system . No matter how well trained and researched a unit is or how big an advantage it has in combat factors , it has no chance against a unit of the wrong type . A single swordsman can easily take out two elephant archers despite having only 1/6 the hit points , 1/4 the attack factors , and no range . One would expect the archers to take him out before he got close enough to do any damage at all!The graphics are great for buildings and scenery , but they are awful for anything that moves . Land units are so small on the default zoom that you have to click them to find out what they are . To visually recognize the unit type for the r/p/s system you must zoom in to just a few units.Standing orders -LRB- Guard , Hold -RRB- are often ignored as units rush off to attack the enemy as soon as it is in sight . For some reason the default targeting matches your units against those where they are at a disadvantage in the r/p/s system instead of attacking the units where they would have an advantage.In addition the formation controls do not allow mixed units to hold a specific formation -LRB- e.g. , archers in the rear -RRB- when moving on the enemy . The units move based upon speed , so any initial formation is quickly shredded . So your fast units routinely outrun their cover and end up attacking a superior force by themselves . And they engage the wrong unit types when they do , just to make it truly suicidal . Fortunately the AI is not too bright so if you can set up a standing formation in the enemy 's path , they will obligingly walk right into it.Your Warrior Hero is usually unresponsive when you need him to boost morale . For some reason he decides to not move at all just before a battle . You select and right click on a location and he just sits where he is . You kind of feel like putting your foot through the screen.Bottom line
 While this is indeed a good game , it is too highly addictive . If you are looking to find a game in which you mindlessly play for hundreds of hours , this is it . I was totally into this game so much so i did one of the stupidest things one could do , bought items for a game on ebay.Another very annoying portion of the game is the online . While free is a very compelling insentive , there are drawbacks . Constantly not being able to join games that you are making , constant lines to make games , and above all , the hacks . the hacks make the game unbalanced and irrating in fighting.I HAVE PLAYED FOR AT LEAST A YEAR AND HACKS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN PRESENT , MANY OD THE SAME HACKS . -LRB- hella days since the last update -RRB- I COULD HAVE GOT A JOB AND ACTUALLY MADE HELLA BANK IN THE TIME I HAVE PLAYED IN THIS GAME.IF U DO WANT TO BUY JUST LOOK BACK EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE AND ASK YOURSELF , WHY DO I PLAY ?
 ... this lousy game STILL runs slow ... unless u have the super computers used at space shuttles dont bother geting this game ... ALSO , THERE IS A BUG IN THE GAME WHERE PEOPLE CAN STEAL UR PLAYER ON BATTLE.NET
 I used to play D2 : LOD . A lot . I mean all the time . There was n't anyhting wrong with playing this game so much , it was free and it was fun . After a while , though , it just go SO BORING . The same levels and stuff , over and over and over again . Sure , you can makea new character . Big deal . You 're still not doing anyhitng new and interesting with the game . You 're just seeing the same sights in a new suit . I recently purchased Everquest and even though there 's a monthly payment , I truly beleive that it 's worth it .
 This expansion simply isnt worth the bother . Sure its fun for about a day or two but if i wanted to have fun for a day id buy a bottle of vodka , its a lot cheaper . And the thing is with vodka , by the time you decide its not worth it , you wouldve got out of it what you bought it for - not suddenley realizing that it lacks originality , depth and wastes your time when you could be off doing more meaningful things -LRB- like drinking vodka -RRB- . There are some major problems with this expansion pack-1 -RSB- Wow ! Cool ! 2 new characters ! Sick ! Only after you shell out yr precious -LRB- money -RRB- -LRB- enough for 2 bottles of vodka -RRB- you realize that the druid is simply a mix of the necro the soceress and the barb made to look all fancy -LRB- ooh ! look ! im a wolf ! meow ! -RRB- and improves gameplay by zilch and the assassin , whilst basically the most original part of the pack was about as exciting to play as an empty bottle of vodka . Boy i had so much fun ! yeah ! -LSB- snore -RSB- If you want this for the new characters , dont bother . Theyre nothing new and nothing great -LRB- and the druids overpowered anyway -RRB- . Go play an amazon or necro in standard d2 .2 -RRB- Wow ! Cool ! A whole new act ! Ice ! Mad ! it doesnt even look like ice ! More like the dark templar world from starcraft ! Mad!And the environments all look the same ! and the NPCs are boring as ! The quests are so much fun too ! kill this-kill that-find this-find that ! Not repetitive at all ! The only way you can tell what level youre playing is by checking up on the nearest waypoint ! -LRB- in other words - its a bore -RRB- There is some good but - the little ` extra ' levels stylized like the river of flame . theyre cool . and theres no level called ` vodka brewery ' 3 -RRB- The new items . Blizzard i think has a special formula for items `` ooh ! lots of people want an itme like that ! well put in the xpack ! and one like that ! and one like that too ! ooh ! cool ! `` All bonus items are gimmicky and designed to attract buyers.A the real -LRB- ... -RRB- thing is they unbalance the game to the point where dying is as rare as planetary alignment . and with mana health and rejuvenation potions they couldve at least added a vodka one instead4 -RRB- Now this is what really pissed me of - the monsters . Now there are several problems with these things too.a -RSB- There are virtually now ranged attack monsters in the entire act . Even half the existing succubus are melee creatures . And most creatures with ranged attacks suck anyway -LRB- overseers ? -RRB- b -RSB- The monsters were highly unimaginative . A kid with a bottle of vodka could think up much better monsters . They pale compared to teh rest of d2c -RSB- the bosses are kinda screwed . Baal is cool , but hes too easy . His ranged attacks hurt but for the most powerful of the greater evils hes much easier than the others - even mephisto . He may seem hard at first , u have to work out a way to kill him , but even that aint hard . And why does the sub-boss Nihlathak have a greater mlvl than the end boss ? And Minions of Destruction ? They -LRB- 're bad -RRB- too - and theyre harder than the end boss , or anything else for that matter.d -RSB- `` enhanced AI '' Need i say more?Mind you , there are some cool creatures . Minotaurs are not so imaginative but they do liven up gameplay comsiderably . Defilers are imaginative but -LRB- bad -RRB- , the Ancients were an idea but theyre too easy . But the one monster which really makes act v come to life is the frozen horror - undeniably cool . If yr gon na buy the xpack for one reason , this is it.e -RSB- the storyline . a kid with a box of crayons could do better.Overall , all the hype surrounding this was just that - hype . This pales to other great rpg xpacks like hellfire and throne of bhaal . It is fun though for a while but it simply doesnt really do much for diablo 2 . This expansion is much like a bottle of vodka - u can finish it off in about an hour .
 I just did n't like it ... more clicking ... oh yay ... do n't waste your money on this junk , but since your probably wo n't listen anyways ... whatever .
 If u but this game go to Mewgood.com to get a editor . !
 If u but this game go to Mewgood.com to get a editor . !
 I had a lot of fun with this game until they `` updated `` it to make sure you die alot and have to spend all the money you do n't lose when die to buy healing potions I am selling my game and getting something else to play .
 The best game ever
 So , it 's coming ... I must Admit I 've been waiting for the expansion pack with a lot of anxiosness . I understand Blizzard have made a fine job in making this game . The thing that really bothers me is that -LRB- again -RRB- for playing under WINDOWS 2000 , I _ WILL _ need Administrator rights . I believe this to be a flaw in Diablo 2 , and I 'm dissapointed Blizzard are n't doing anything to correct it . You see , the thing is , that while gaming on Battle.net , one is online constantly.And in case of a bug -LRB- or a hacker interference -RRB- the whole system will go down , if someone is logged as an Administrator . And I 'm not sure if i 'm willing to risk my computer 's stability for a pleasant gaming experience.Are you ?
 if it was an option given i would have given this game zero stars ! This was the stupidest game ever made ! Maybe it was better back then , but now its just stupid.The graphics stink , and If your a Christian , let me tell u this is a very insulting game . I suggest it only if u have a comp that came from 1995 . I bet no one does . So all u plz do n't buy this . if u want a good game , get dungeon siege : Legends of Aranna -LRB- releases November 11 , 2003 -RRB- , Dungeon Siege 2 -LRB- sometime in May 2005 -RRB- , or Never Winter Nights , Shadows of Undrentide -LRB- already out -RRB- . If u plan On getting Shadows of Undrentide , get Never Winter Nights first . Undrentide is an expansion pack and wont work without Never Winter Nights.Whatever you do , do n't get Diablo 2 or its expansion . It 's not much now to anyone and it 's crap . Just do n't buy it . no one 's even online for it . Well , not many people , that is . If u guys get Dungeon Siege
 I loved Diablo 2 classic , but I wished I never bought this , it totally ruined it for me . After seeing all the cool items for LOD , I had to have it . Come on , the Windforce at 500 damage , who could n't resist it ? Well , after playing this game for half a year , I 'm done with it . The price , at $ 30 , for just an expansion is WAY too pricey . And what expansion ? Two `` new '' characters and ONE extra act . The druid and assassin are just another version of the necromancer and the amazon . When you play this , be warned , you 'll encounter a lot of hackers online . They 'll steal your accounts and whatnot . No , it has n't happened to me , but it has happened to several people I know . Talking about hacking , there 's a lot of `` duped '' items might I add . And LOD takes the fun away from the game because now , you 'll see `` newbs '' at lvl 80 + ! I mean , I can make a character and have him at lvl 99 in 2 days ! And it looks like everyone bought items from ebay , because more then half of the amazon 's in LOD have the windforce . In classic diablo 2 , everything was more balanced out , people had a chance , but with LOD , if you 're not a sorceress or an amazon , you 're out of luck . You wo n't stand a chance . There 's no variety in this game once you get LOD . I suggest you save your money for a new game . Unless you desperately want to see idiots run around with items they bought from ebay , people hacking others for items -LRB- pathetic -RRB- , the same game with literally nothing new and wasting money , then go ahead and get it , otherwise , look somewhere else .
 PLEASE NOTE that blizzard has effectively removed Gambling for Unique items in this expansion set . Which for most of us was the source of most entertainment in the game.As for the rest of the expansion pack
 I personally think these reviews are worthless I mean how can u know if ur going to like a game or not by looking at other peoples writing i would rent it or play at a friend 's house , but if u want a review here it is . I got this game as a gift from my mom and dad . There are 7 great character classes , Amazon , Necromancer , Sorceress , Paladin , Barbarian , Assassian , and the Druid . They each have unique skills , each character has 3 different skill types , most have some no other characters have , but i think the necromancer and druid have the same type of skills but like summoning but have very different spells like the druids elemantal is different than the necromancers poison and bone . and they also summon different creatures the necromancer summons skeletons , skeleton mages , golems , Fire , iron , blood , and clay golems to be precise . So if u read all those 1 star reviews that say the necromancer and druid are the same , are wrong . I personnaly think the game has a great story line if u take the time to listen to vilagers , the new act really finishs the story line . And it 's not just one more act there are more monsters and the quests are great . And u can play the game a long time if u want to , and see what all the charecaters are like by beating the game with another character and the game is long because of all three modes , Normal , Nightmare , and Hell mode . A really good quality is u can customize ur characters stats and skills.I could give a bunch of tips of how to sort your stats and skills , but that would take too long but , ill tell u one thing be patient.Now for multiPlayer to start off this is the best multi player computer game ive ever played . And u ca n't `` hack '' other peoples characters it 's not really hacking it 's editting i dont know why they call it hacking . the only way that u get ur character deleted is if ur stupid enough to tell them ur password and account name . And the multi player is also great because u can get and item uve been looking for for a long time by trading stuff . And the fact that u can go questing with other player as a party is great ! and it 's also fun to duel people , its a fir system because u dont have to duel and u can only duel if ur past lvl 9 so all those lvl 1-8 lvl playes dont have to be worried . I think that the graphics are so-so buti ca n't really find that many glitches with the game , but this is computer were talking about not PS2 or GC or Xbox . If they make a Diablo 3 im sure they will fix the graphics so they 're the best they can get . I think if u edit a characteru should do a lot of duelin on Battle.Net , because the 1 player get to easy when u edit . but ive found the single player is great if u donr edit , sure its a little hard starting out , but what game is fun if u can beat the game in 1 hour?I admit the game is a little slow but almost all games ar if they 're this big , i mean u can play on B.Net and sigle player with a game so long what can u expect ? for it to load in 3 seconds?Tips For dealing out ur stats wait instead of just throwing them up there look if u have an item that u need more of a specific stat on or for skills see what the monstors are like ahead in the game if they immune fire and something u might put a point on cold or somethig like that . and look at what would help your character in the future and how it will affect u. for a Amazon u might want to put some extra points on dexterity but dont put to many or else ull have no life or mana.for necormancers , Sorceresses , and druids u need alot of mana , well al chars do but those 3 need it the most . Barbarian u need strangth and health barbarians dont require as much mana as other characters do . Paladin and Assassian dont really require more than another stat that u have so id make em have qual stats if u ask me thats what i think works best . For Paladin and Assassian use ur skills to ur advantage like use the Assassain 's charge up and the Paladins auras . There are new items in the game to the newest edition is that each character has items that only they can use like the Paladin has special sheilds and the Assassain has claw weapons , The Amazon has bows and Javelins , The Druid has helms so does the Barbarian , the necromancer has skull things the Sorceress has orbs and globes . Each item does skills to the character type who can use it . So online if u are a Druid and have a Barbarian helm u can trade it to a Barbarian for a Druid helm.Thanks for listening to my review hope it helps but i still think u should play it at a friends house first .
 Diablo 2 was bad enough . Mindless point-and-clicking in a dull and repetive environment -- that was essentially all D2 was.Then Blizzard decided to cash-in on zombified Diablo 2 players by releasing this . Sure , it adds a new act and 2 new classes . But how long is that going to keep you entertained ? Once you beat act 5 a few times , it becomes boring.The bottom line is
 I am sooo un happy with these two games easily to say i think they -LSB- are n't good -RSB- ! graphics -LSB- are n't good -RSB- and ok wow we get a lot of armour and weapons ... . that look the same ! ... . it looks like the same graphics as the first game !!
 I personally think these reviews are worthless I mean how can u know if ur going to like a game or not by looking at other peoples writing i would rent it or play at a friend 's house , but if u want a review here it is . I got this game as a gift from my mom and dad . There are 7 great character classes , Amazon , Necromancer , Sorceress , Paladin , Barbarian , Assassian , and the Druid . They each have unique skills , each character has 3 different skill types , most have some no other characters have , but i think the necromancer and druid have the same type of skills but like summoning but have very different spells like the druids elemantal is different than the necromancers poison and bone . and they also summon different creatures the necromancer summons skeletons , skeleton mages , golems , Fire , iron , blood , and clay golems to be precise . So if u read all those 1 star reviews that say the necromancer and druid are the same , are wrong . I personnaly think the game has a great story line if u take the time to listen to vilagers , the new act really finishs the story line . And it 's not just one more act there are more monsters and the quests are great . And u can play the game a long time if u want to , and see what all the charecaters are like by beating the game with another character and the game is long because of all three modes , Normal , Nightmare , and Hell mode . A really good quality is u can customize ur characters stats and skills.I could give a bunch of tips of how to sort your stats and skills , but that would take too long but , ill tell u one thing be patient.Now for multiPlayer to start off this is the best multi player computer game ive ever played . And u ca n't `` hack '' other peoples characters it 's not really hacking it 's editting i dont know why they call it hacking . the only way that u get ur character deleted is if ur stupid enough to tell them ur password and account name . And the multi player is also great because u can get and item uve been looking for for a long time by trading stuff . And the fact that u can go questing with other player as a party is great ! and it 's also fun to duel people , its a fir system because u dont have to duel and u can only duel if ur past lvl 9 so all those lvl 1-8 lvl playes dont have to be worried . I think that the graphics are so-so buti ca n't really find that many glitches with the game , but this is computer were talking about not PS2 or GC or Xbox . If they make a Diablo 3 im sure they will fix the graphics so they 're the best they can get . I think if u edit a characteru should do a lot of duelin on Battle.Net , because the 1 player get to easy when u edit . but ive found the single player is great if u donr edit , sure its a little hard starting out , but what game is fun if u can beat the game in 1 hour?I admit the game is a little slow but almost all games ar if they 're this big , i mean u can play on B.Net and sigle player with a game so long what can u expect ? for it to load in 3 seconds?Tips For dealing out ur stats wait instead of just throwing them up there look if u have an item that u need more of a specific stat on or for skills see what the monstors are like ahead in the game if they immune fire and something u might put a point on cold or somethig like that . and look at what would help your character in the future and how it will affect u. for a Amazon u might want to put some extra points on dexterity but dont put to many or else ull have no life or mana.for necormancers , Sorceresses , and druids u need alot of mana , well al chars do but those 3 need it the most . Barbarian u need strangth and health barbarians dont require as much mana as other characters do . Paladin and Assassian dont really require more than another stat that u have so id make em have qual stats if u ask me thats what i think works best . For Paladin and Assassian use ur skills to ur advantage like use the Assassain 's charge up and the Paladins auras . There are new items in the game to the newest edition is that each character has items that only they can use like the Paladin has special sheilds and the Assassain has claw weapons , The Amazon has bows and Javelins , The Druid has helms so does the Barbarian , the necromancer has skull things the Sorceress has orbs and globes . Each item does skills to the character type who can use it . So online if u are a Druid and have a Barbarian helm u can trade it to a Barbarian for a Druid helm.Thanks for listening to my review hope it helps but i still think u should play it at a friends house first .
 bought it , played it for about 40 hours of game time , went back to classic . LOD is just too equipment driven , you can build a high level char , but if his equipment is not godly , he 's no better than the NPCs . I do like the new resolution , but it seems a lot of money to be able to play classic at 1024X728 .
 Let me get somthing strait . This game has a place in my heart.Thats right i love it.I cant get enough.Its one of those games i think were you either love it or hate it . If ure patient enough ull learn everything ther is to know.Like wat an occy , soj , buriza , and stuff are.I cant stop.If u do play , play it on Bnet . It enhances everything by 1000X . Ive read reviews on DAok , EQ , ahsrons call , thos kinda games and all of them seem to get old when all there is to do is level . Well ill let you in on a little secret . D2 has a special `` cow level '' were you kill cows and get tons of experience -LRB- xp -RRB- . I mean like Ive heard of this kid that 3 level 80s in 1 day.Of course he is a game tester and stuff but still . Theres so many items to get and so many things to do.The fun never ends , seriosly.This is the only leveling kind of game that ive heard of that doesnt get old . The expansion pak is also like a 1000X better enhancment . Once uve mastered this one , move on to become the most feared player in the galexy.If you have enough patience , the right perspective , and a few hints there and there this game will blow you away.The gameplay , story and free online servises , make it the ultimet in gaming experience . So do ure self a favore , but this game today and play it , play it forever.ps
 Like many here , I had a great time playing d2 . Perhaps like not so many here , I had a miserable time getting LOD to run . The box says that the game is playable in XP , but I can not get the characters to run smoothly , and it 's not the hardware -LRB- 1ghz Ath. ; geForce2 GTS ; 256K RAM -RRB- . D2 seems to run fine in XP , but both the cinematics and the game for LOD do n't work . Blizzard 's technical support on this issue is underwhelming . For the five seconds that the game worked before it froze , though , it looked like it might have had some potential .
 You get ONE more level , as opposed to the four without the expansion , and two new character classes . Unless you like playing new characters in 80 % of the same old , 20 % new , arenas , it 's really just a little more of the same stuff . I 'm sure they could have added this expansion onto Diablo II with no problem , but then they would n't have gotten the extra $ . You really have to be into this game to think the expansion is worth it . I like the game , but not that much .
 Diablo 2 is the best game when you start it up and the story is good up till about 1/2 way through the 1ST Act . It declines in quality very rapdily beyond the start of the 1ST because everything is the exact same old routine , just different wallpaper and different moving graphics to click on . . With Diablo 2 LOD you still can NOT interact with the environment in ANY way - > the code for barricades would use a monster FLAG such as this
 I think the Diablo II Expanion killed diablo , all anyone does is have a friend or pay someone else to rush them -LRB- beat all the bosses for them -RRB- then lvl up doing the not so secret , secret cow lvl . Very , very few people actually take the time to play through the entire game.Thanks
 Like many other reviews , I found this game to have a `` wow '' factor for the first few hours , but it was n't very long before I noticed that every area you explore is exactly the same . No matter what level you are , its the same wilderness , same caves , same crypts , etc. . The scenery barely changes , and the monsters are exactly the same , just change colors for higher levels . The quests are all the same , either `` kill person X '' or `` retrieve item X. '' I can not stress enough how much repetition is in this game , and it got very boring , very fast.Even for a hack and slash arcade style game , it is lacking . Combat consists only of walking up to a monster and clicking your mouse until its dead . Occasionally you will have to hit one of your number keys to drink a heal or mana potion , but thats basically it.Don ' t expect anything new in this game . It has no depth or adventure , its really just an updated version of the old arcade game `` Gauntlet . '' If you have never played any graphic adventure games or the original Diablo , you may enjoy this for a while . But veteran game players , especially those who have played any of the Baldur 's Gate series games , or any MMORPG players who have played Everquest , Ultima Online , or Asheron 's Call will very likely find this game incredibly boring and shallow . Its only value is as an action , hack and slash style game for a first time game player.Multiplayer is not much better , as the quests and areas to explore are exactly the same as the single player game , you just get to play with friends . There are extremely large patchs to download if you plan on playing over a network . This game can not even come close to competing with MMORPG 's . In summary , this game was mostly hype . The great reviews it received are likely from people who just got the game and have only played for a few hours before reviewing it . The game 's success is likely from first time players and those with no experience with MMORPG 's or other graphic or RPG games . If you are new to these type games , I could recommend it for your first game experience , otherwise , you might want to take a pass .
 My son was given this game as a present and though he is only 12 we did n't expect it to have any more effect on him than the usual Nintendo , Playstation , PC games he has played before.Nothing could have been further from the truth . He lost interest in everything
 the program will not load on my 933 mhz 128 MB rram DELL computer the computer crashes at the patch site -LRB- BLIZZARD -RRB- !!! It crashes While I 'm Trying to load it . And I Brought 2 of them !!!
 I was really excited when I heard MPA was bing released for gameboy ! I love the PC version - it 's the only Pinball sim I play now days . The Gameboy version ... well , seems like an unfinished product . The only table worth playing is Spirit of ' 76 ... which is a saving grace since it just so happens to be my favorite table on the PC version . I no longer play the gameboy version of MPA ... just sits in it 's box until I decide to get rid of it . I 'll stick to Kirby 's Pinball or Pokemon Pinball .
 Do n't buy it . It is horible . It does n't work right
 This is not the 5 '' monitor show in the picture . It is a much smaller 4 '' monitor . I was very unimpressed with the picture quality . My GBA has much better picture quality ! Numbers and words are nearly unreadable . There was also finger prints on the LCD behind the clear lens . The A/V inputs are a neat feature but I do n't even want to use them as the picture is so bad . I 'd recommend to stay away . This one 's going back !!
 I loved playing Feel the Magic when I got it and love the look to it . So lets see , colorfull , neat , exciting , creative and most of all ... frusterating ! As I played on , the game got more and more difficult into levels that surpass anything worthwhile . I mean , this game takes hours to beat a single , 5 minute game . dont waste your time like i did , just chill out and wait for the good title ... 'till then ... owning mario 64 as ur only game is better than blowing 30 bucks on this . but i still like it ... i just ca n't stant it ! lol .
 I heard all the hype on this game from several different game stores and other sources so i thought id buy it and try it out . Bad Choice . This has got to be the dumbest game ever released . It is highly over rated and very short . After about 10 minutes of playing it I was ready to break out an atari and play pong . Thats about how much fun it is . I wont be surprised to find it in a clearance section of wal mart very soon .
 Not only do I hate the animation style and the fact that it 's nothing but a bunch of mini-games put together but when you fail at whatever task and have to start again it takes too long.Yes , the animation looks good from a technical point of view but all people appear in silhouette . I do n't feel any connection to the so-called ` story ' because I am basically playing with what appears to be shop window mannequins . And the music is annoying as hell too.The focus of this game seems to concentrate far too much on how to incorporate the features of the Nintendo DS into the gameplay rather than making the gameplay any good , or bearable . Sega and Sonic Team should be ashamed for making a game this bland and bad . They should have spent the time and money on something much better .
 This game is the worst . U cant eeven see the peoples face . Y dont u spend ur money on something better . Something like maybe A GOOD GAME like Super Mario 64 DS , Madden 2005 , The Urbzz , Sims in the city , and/or Warioware touched . I have a review for each so be sure 2 look at it . This game is the worst i have ever played . Dont get this game it has a harible story , harible graphics , and very very harible formAt .
 hi my name Freddy Belldowa i have played this game it is not really that fun . i saved up for it for about two years and i finally got and it really disappointed me . i would rather watch some old lady walk up the down escalator for a couple of hours instead of play this game.if i could meet the person who made it i would spit on them . By the way i love barnie bye . Well if you were stupid enough to buy this game and you liked it you must be really really really rrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllly a man . Bye bye everyone .
 This game is actually pretty horrible . The graphics are not very detailed and all the game really entails is sitting in a stationary position shooting at Japanese aircraft . The game has absolutely no depth and the average person I became bored with it rather quickly .
 If you are after a solid challenging game , then this is not for you . However , if you want something simple to waste time , then this game is ok.It is old style shooter where new things keep poping up and they get harder to hit as time moves on.Get the current patches ! The graphics improve . However , there is still a system crash bug after the 20th level . There are also a couple bugs where there is a `` magic portal '' in the sky the planes use to reappear behind you . Annoying ... Again , if you are an advanced game player you probably will not like this game .
 Defend the fleet is a TERRIBLE game . For the first thirty minutes , its pretty cool , shooting down all the airplanes . But then , as you get farther and farther in the levels , they are the same as the first one , and you cant even save a game . The GRAPHICS are TERRIBLE , and it is not realistic at all . I do not recommend this game at all , and i hope no one wastes their money on this game like i did .
 THIS GAME IS AN EMBARASSMENT TO THE US ARMED FORCES AND ANY FORMER MEMBER . ALL YOU DO IN THIS GAME IS SHOOT AT ENDLESS AMOUTS OF ZEROS AND KATES UNTIL THE COMMANDER TELLS YOU YOUR MISSION IS COMPLETE . THEN THAT IS REPEATED ABOUT 20 TIMES . ALL THE SHIPS SEEM TO SINK EXCEPT YOURS , WHICH REMAINS SPOTLESS AND UNTOUCHED . IT SAYS YOU ARE SENT TO DIFFERENT AREAS , BUT THEY ARE ALL THE SAME NETHERLESS , BUT JUST WITH EVEN MORE ZEROS THAT DONT EVEN EXPLODE WHEN BLOWN UP . THEY ` MAGICALLY ' DISSAPEAR INTO THIN AIR . IM JUST A TEENAGER , BUT I EVEN KNOW THAT THIS PIECE OF JUNK ISNT WORTH THE PACKAGING OR THE TITLE OF A COMPUTER GAME ITSELF . I PITY THE PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS BECAUSE IF THIS IS WHAT GAMES ARE GON NA BE LIKE FROM THIS COMPANY , THEY ARE IN DEEP DOO-DOO ...
 My 14 year old son and I loaded Pearl Harbor with much anticipation last night as we were eager to see this much talked about game . Boy - what a dissapointment !!! My son played for about 20 minutes before he said
 The Premise of this game is decent , a quick easy action title like Beachhead 2000 & B-17 Gunner also made by Wizardworks / Infogrames . But if you have a 3dfx card in your system like most of you still do , since 3dfx has been dead only for a couple months , the graphics are ugly and extremely pixelated . Basically the game does n't look like it does on the box . Infogrames tech support told me after E-mailing them to either return the game or invest in a Nvidia GeForce card , a 3dfx patch is not in the future for DTFPH . Now honestly , who is with any sense is going to spend $ 150 on a video card for a $ 20 game that will get old and extremely repetitive like Beachhead 2000 in a month !!! ...
 when you first play this game , it 's a little bit fun . but when you play it a little more than a bit , it gets very dull and boring . the graphics are poor and i dont really like the object of the game
 Another tired Wizard Works piece of crap . You 've heard of diploma mills before right ? Well , this company is in the game mill business . They believe quantity -LRB- the more cheap games they put out the better their chances at profit -RRB- is better than quality . After playing the Deer Hunter games I should have known better , but I too was drawn in by the title . Everyone else that disliked this dog pretty much summed up the bad elements . So I 'll just add that you might as well spend the ... and go see the movie ` Pearl Harbor ' with your buddies/girlfriend/wife / whatever . Great flick , horrible game .
 Buyer Beware ! The only thing impressive about this game is the box it came in . Graphics are poor . Instruction booklet is poor . You have to realize that this is not a simulation game but an arcade style game . Therefore the main theme of the game is ok in that respect . Thats it however . Jerky graphics . When a plane is shot down it disappears into thin air . No explosions , fire or spiraling into the see . Better DOS games have been made . This is a very poor effort by the manufacture . Profits first customers second .
 Graphics PoorGameplay VERY PoorDOES NOT SUPPORT VOODOO 3 !! ...
 This game reeks of stuff that is boring . I really dont like the grphics and the game it self gets extremly boring . If you want a real game get b-17 flying fortress it has the same stuff but twice as much and you can pilot the plane and take 10 different crew positions for the same price !
 This Game I thought was pretty bad . The controlling of the guns is stupid and the graphics are pretty bad too . I would not recommend this to anybody .
 This game reeks of stuff that is boring . I really dont like the grphics and the game it self gets extremly boring . If you want a real game get b-17 flying fortress it has the same stuff but twice as much and you can pilot the plane and take 10 different crew positions for the same price !
 The lack of depth in this game is astonishing . It would have taken very little programing to make this stinker O.K. No target range , no practice runs , not even a map to see where you 're are headed . Twenty-five missions was a very magic number during the air war over Germany , here , Twenty-five is just another number . After Deer hunter 4 I had high hopes ... Oh , well ...
 This is a bad game . There is NO variety ; you go up against the same fighters every time after the 10th mission . All the targets look almost the same from 4 miles high and when the bombs go off all you see is the same target with a little smoke on it .
 On the first day of first hours while playing this game , I got bored . Yes , this game is fun , but after awhile , this is no longer fun . I mean graphics are so aweful that when you shoot down a fighter , they fall as though there 're a paper or something . I think the sound was ok . But still ... not fun ...
 ... then you 'll like this game . I installed it , played it once , uninstalled it . I like combat flight sims of all types , and figured this was a gunner sim . Wrong . No comparison to gunning in B-17 2 , for instance . The targets just cycle back and forth by your guns for you to shoot at . If you 're inexperienced at sims , and/or new to gunning , give it a shot if that 's worth -LSB- price -RSB- to you . If you 're used to reality-type sims , you 're probably going to be turned off by this game . Great for kids , though , probably .
 Yes folks its yet another entry in the ValuSoft pain parade of uber crappy games.This one is a racing game -LRB- I think ... -RRB- . Its supposed to be some kind of ` street racer ' but instead is absolutely terrible . The physics -LRB- calling them that is an insult to programmers everywhere -RRB- drive like there 's an anvil in your passenger seat , the graphics are bad enough to make your eyes attempt to escape from your skull , the gameplay is exremely boring -LRB- and intensely stupid -RRB- . In short , its bad . Really bad.If you want an excellent ` street racer ' type game , then I heartily recommend the Need For Speed
 I have very mixed reactions to VAMPIRE . The graphics are fabulous , the game is loads of fun , and I 'd love to show my support of the product . However -LRB- and this is a BIG however -RRB- , I warn Macusers to beware of this product . After playing the game , my computer completely went haywire . For some reason , VAMPIRE completely destroyed my internal hard disk drive on my G3 laptop . The damage was so total that I had to take the computer to a repair shop . After doing a complete systems check and a difficult repair of the hard drive , the repairman agreed with me that the culprit was the game . Even now , my drive is not 100 % -- it shows some signs of collateral damage . Mac owners beware !
 I have a bronze keyboard Powerbook G3 , and could not even get this game to install on my computer . I have all the necessary ROM and hard disk memory etc , but the install process kept on hanging . So if you have this system , then I would think twice about buying this game , given the problems listed by the gentleman below , who lost his hard disk as a result of this game .
 This game sounds fun , of course it sounds fun to build a cruise ship , but this is not fun . I was bored with it long before the night was over . One problem is that it can seem like a total waste of time because you have to watch the map and if you run into a disaster , your ship will sink and you have to start all over . You can also not change your route after you have choosen it , you have to just go around in circles.This does not measure up to roller coaster tycoon or the Sims at all . There is not much to do with it .
 I do n't mean to be negative , but this game truly is n't worth your time . I have loaded it on two different computers , one on which it freezes before even getting past the first screen , the other on which I can play for a maximum of five minutes before it freezes the computer up entirely . I read some negative reviews , but I thought ` hey , they 're just being negative ' but not I. I 've gone in with a very positive attitude , only to be very disappointed . It might be a fine game , if you can get it to work . As for me , I say do n't waste your money or your time . It 's a good idea , but terribly done .
 After I started the game Everything was In BLACK AND WHITE ! also it would not let me move around anywhere besides that screen .
 Hi , I bought this game and when in Instant Action Mode I started out with the smallest ship . I now have over 300,000 in cash and no way to upgrade my ship . All my decks are packed ! I ca n't possibly place anything else . Basically there is no where left for me to go except to start a new game with a bigger ship . Totally stupid , there should be a way to upgrade your ship in Instant Action mode . I do n't suggest buying this game for that reason .
 Yet another budget tycoon game . But since this is my favourite genre I went out and bought it.The game has a nice -LRB- though simplistic -RRB- interface that would have left a good impression - if I was 8 years old . Besides its interface simplicity , the graphics work out fine as long as you keep in mind that we are talking about a budget tycoon game.The gameplay starts out as fun
 Now , do n't get me wrong ; the game has a great concept and will appeal to all cruise - vacation lovers immensely , which I , myself am . While the game did APPEAL to me and I desperetley wanted to take it for a spin , I quickly found it to be perhaps the most boring and pointless thing I spent my hard earned money on.To start , the game offers you absoloutely no control over what the rooms look like . Unlike classic sims , such as Hotel Tycoon or The Sims , which give you every option to customize your rooms to your liking and make your dream come true , Cruise Ship Tycoon sadly does n't . You simply pick the type of room you want , select one of the bleak , unoriginal and limited styles of the type of room previously highlighted and place the room down in an availabe area . You have no jurisdiction over anything , and all cruise ships you create become repetitive and boring . This adds to the limited replay value.The game offers you three modes
 I just recently bought this game and i 'm ready to sale it already , except i would n't want to be reponsible for scamming anyone out of their money . The Game looks like it would be interesting to play but the graphics continually screw up and eventually -LRB- early in the Game -RRB- the game starts running real slow and i 'm working with 2.66 GHz . i really wish i would have researched this game first . Do n't waste you money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't buy this software ! It is not ready for sale or distribution . I have never had a problem loading or using any software like I had with this piece of garbage . Do the research online . Find other sites concerning this game . You 'll see so many problems ... just not worth it believe me !
 This game has no tutorial . Plus , at every sailing you are crashing into unavoidable rocks . THis was such a waste of money . I love all tycoon games but this is not up to par with the least of them . The box , looks good , but beware . It is a waste
 I ca n't get this game to run . It installed fine and then I keep getting error messages that the game has caused an error and will shut down . I have been to other sites and many people have this and other problems . What a waste of money !!!!
 I bought the game out of desperation . And if you are the same way , you might be interested in the game . It does fill a little bit of time , but only for a few days . It gets boring , and the graphics are not as good as I had hoped . The box shows better graphics than there really is , and I have a top of the line computer . Beginning gameplay is a bit confusing , and there is no tutorial , or if there is one . . you ca n't find it , to teach you what to do . I guess I was spoiled with The Sims . . Good luck with your game if you decide to buy !
 This is probably one of the worst sim games I have played . I ca n't seem to get into the action for more than 5 minutes or it will crash . But the game is so boring , maybe 5 minutes is all I could take anyway .
 To start I would like to say that I am not that big of a harry Potter fan . But I have been gamming for a very long time . This game at first is very complicated . I bought it expecting it to be high paced and hard hitting . To be quite honest the game is borring afrter an hour . The concept is too basic . Get the ball throw it through the hoop , attack the man with the ball throw it through the hoop . I mean it 's the same thing over and over and over . It 's really not hard at all . At the very end the Golden snitch comes out but all you have to do is stay in it 's lit up path and you 'll win.It could be found fun on the first day of having it but after that it could put you to sleep . The best part of the game are the special moves which are tricky combos but are done in cut scenes . There just is n't enough action or violence or speed . If youve read the books you know the game is supposed to be violent and thrilling . This game just makes it seem boring . I bought this game because i had read how awesome the Game Quiditch was supposed to be but the game is just way too repeditive and anticlimactic . Sorry thrill seekers this is not the game for you . Die hard Harry Potter fans give it a try.Controlls 6difficulty 1 -LRB- There is no skill needed just the patience to play the same thing over and over -RRB- fun 4graphics 7gameplay 5sound 3 -LRB- the anouncer is increadibly annoying -RRB-
 Being a Harry Potter fan , I was thrilled when I heard a Quidditch game was going to be made . However , the game proved weaker than I thought . In terms of game features , the Hogwarts section was in my mind flawless , but the World stage had a lot of problems . First off , only nine teams -LRB- one of which has to be unlocked -RRB- are featured . World Champion Ireland -LRB- see Goblet of Fire -RRB- is strangely absent . The actual World Cup is a ladder tournament -LRB- not so in the books , -RRB- takes way too long to complete , and is simple to win -LRB- Just score as many points as possible . -RRB- The gameplay is easy , even though your teamates seem to have no idea how to play the game as they move away from the quaffle when you throw it to them . With how much it takes to be able to finally ride the Firebolt , you 're already an expert at it . Every match plays the same and you easily get bored with the commentary , music , players , moves , goal celebrations , snitch catching , stadiums , teams , special moves , and of course , the two seconds per game you get to be the seeker , keeper , or a beater . The speed of the players is also monotonous . I think this game swings and misses , and the only reason my overall score is two stars is I 've been hoping for a Quidditch game . Note to EA
 One of the worst games on the Sega CD system and one of the few side scrolling action games that will make you puke for the system.All kidding aside , this game -LRB- s -RRB- is a real chore , and not for everyone . This is loaded with one-hit kills , and what-do-I-do-now moments . It gives you absolutely zero hints or clues as to what to do , ever , so I could n't imagine playing this without looking at a walkthrough . And even then , without a shred of doubt in my mind , you will die hundreds of times before you see an end - the controls are so touchy that they will get you killed at least half of the time.I can understand how this game can be appealing to a very small and select crowd - god-like patience is a must with this game , but I can easily imagine most people absolutely hating this game -LRB- especially modern day gamers -RRB- . If I can say one positive thing about the game , it 's that it looks nice . I would n't call it pretty , but it is impressive for tech that is almost 20 years old.If you want suggestions for Sega CD games with similar mechanics , but overall better gaming experiences , play `` Flashback '' instead , or even the original Prince of Persia . Those games are still fun today , and I would go as far to say that Flashback still looks pretty .
 Games are ok . The downside is that you must have the disc in to play . You can not load it then leave the disc behind . This is a pain when you want to load it on a laptop and then take the laptop on trips , you have to lug the disc around too .
 Total waste of money -- backgammon game not playable -- screen turns almost totally black when try to begin playing . i would return it but do not want the extra expense of shipping . Have since purchased a Kindle backgammon game for $ 1.99 and am totally satisfied with that .
 Yes , the graphics are pretty neatYes , its cool that you get to be all these different characters on their different paths through the game.I really really wanted to like this game but there are some serious flaws with the game.SINGLE PLAYER -LRB- 1 -RRB- The checkpoints throughout the levels are few and far between . You typically have to redo your last 15 mins over and over again only to get to the same part that you 've had trouble with . As much as I 've seen you 're lucky if you get more than 1 checkpoint per level . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The camera is on drugs . They want to really give you a sense that you 're really part of the lotr by giving you the very cool camera angles and movements . However some things that work in films do NOT work in video games . I kinda liked it at first , but started likingit less when I could n't a few enemies . -LRB- 3 -RRB- You can not skip the cinematics til you 've watched them at least once . I know this may seem petty but trust me , if you 're playing this game you 've most likely seen the movies and these cinematics are NOT short at all.MULTIPLAYER -LRB- same complaints as single player plus ... -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- Camera angles suck even more . Camera angles are slightly different in multiplayer to give you and your friend more space on the screen except that you ca n't see cause everything is further away in a lot of cases . -LRB- 2 -RRB- No checkpoints , only a limited number of respawnings . Its proven to have been extremely anticlimatic ... extremely . Again , NO checkpoints in multiplayer.I had a lot of hopes for this and there a lot of very cool things in this game if you 're a fan of LOTR but as for a game its more frustrating than any of my take-home exams this semester .
 I am a big fan of the two towers xbox game which had acceptable graphics acceptable cheats such as restore health and acceptable short cutscenes.This game has many faults here are some * The cutscenes are to long if I wanted to see that long of cutscenes i would just watch the movie . i bought the game to play not to spectate . * lack of cheats . . im not saying all of them but at least have the restore health cheat . what they have now is crappy to say the least you 'd think they could make just one standard code for all the characters and not a whole book full like for instance the combo code for gandalf is diffrent from the one for frodo , and they dont let you have invicibillity or stuff like that till after you 've beaten the game i mean why would you need cheats if not to beat the game , in mean why would u even bother replaying those frusterating levels . they are all summed up like this one
 This is one of the hardest games I 've ever played ! And I 've played a lot of similar games . I 'm surprised that EA did n't realize that this game would appeal to non-gamers and hard core gamers alike . This game is simply too hard for most people . Do n't buy this game , because you may find yourself frustrated by the third level . Rent it , DO N'T BUY !!!
 The Lord of thr Rings the Return of the King video game is a good game , but it has one problem ... . the checkpoints are to far appart ! Way to far apart ! It is really anoying because I spent about one hour playing the game . I was doing really good but then I had to face this cave troll , unfortunatly it had alot of armor so it was hard to kill . So then I died and I went all the way back to my last checkpoint , and quess what , I got that chectpoint about one hour before I died so it was like that entire hour never happened . So I sugest you never get this game . Of course you can use the game for nice firewood . Yeah thats it the game will make exillent firewood . If you want a good game I sugest Metal Arms , Halo , Halo 2 -LRB- when it comes out -RRB- , or PGR2 -LRB- Project Gothem Racing 2 -RRB- . Any of those games are fine , but do n't get The Return of the King video game unless you want good firewood .
 One question ? Is n't this the same game as the two towers . Besides the fact that there of course different missions and different characters , its practitally the same game as before.Pros : Good graphicsGood musicLots of charactersFun missionsCons : ITS THE SAME GAME AS TWO TOWERS.THE SAME POINT AS TWO TOWERS.PRACTICALLY THE SAME MOVES AS TWO TOWERS.SAME MUSIC AS TWO TOWERS . -LRB- I still like it though -RRB- THE LAST BOSS FIGHT WITH GOLEM SUCKS!Overall , this game ... is fun , but the the exact same as before .
 this game is so easy I beat it right when i got it.the graphics are ok but my Aragorn is level 11 and now he is useless i mean whats the point of buying an upgrade to someone that is level 11 . legolas is level 1 and when i beat a long level with him he got to level 4 . do not buy it you can rent it and on saturday or sunday you will beat the game.and also the last level the crack of doom you have to make gollum fall like over 10 times well do n't buy it thats all i have to say
 Game would be awesome ... If it worked but it does n't . I 've tried it in original Xbox and in three different Xbox 360 . These ppl sell bad games knowingly .
 me siento insatisfecho por la compra , pens&eacute; que el v&iacute;deo juego era para ebox 360 , y as&iacute; no lo fue , siento que perd&iacute; mi dinero al comprar el juego .
 My husband and I LOVED the Lord of the Rings movies , so we could n't wait to play the game . We wish we 'd never heard of it . Both of us find the game much too hard , to the point that the game is irritating , rather than fun . It 's neat to be able to be Gandalf or Aragorn or Frodo , but even when playing the most powerful characters , we have to play the same scenario over and over and over and , well , you get the idea . This game could have been awesome , but as it is , my husband and I wish we had n't bought it . -LRB- If you are 10 years old and have really fast little hands , this may not apply to you . :--RRB- -RRB-
 this game is good for the first 4 or 5 levels but then it strikes with very hard levels and it is not easy believe me it is not . this game should be rated m for toughness this is so hard this game i cant stand having it and not playing it . dont waist ure money . i have it and i dont even play it , it is like an empty case .
 If you like `` The Lord of the Rings '' book and movie-trilogy then you should n't play this game . `` The Lord of the Rings
 ok the two towers was soooooo much fun the two towers was not to hard and not to easy this game is way to HARD i cant get past the king of the dead this game sucks it is the worts game ever the reasen why i even gave this game a 2 is if this game were eayser i would love it for those gamers that love hardcore games buy it if not a lest rents it you mite like it soo buy the two towers : -RRB-
 this game no longer supports online play !!! find something else and do n't waste your hard-earned bucks !
 There are many good `` movie-moments '' that die-hard fans will enjoy but this game is far from perfect . Even the most talented gamers will find themelves staring at their TV screens as it displays `` you 've failed the mission '' after failing a mission for the 5th time wondering why they should even bother playing the game any more . The first 2 or 3 missions are realtively easy , you 'll probably only have to try them twice . As the game progresses it gets alot more challenging . In one of the missions you have to fight the king of the dead and then escape from his cave as it collapses on top of you . The boss fight is going to take several tries to figure out the technique . After you do manage to kill the king escaping from the cave is extremely tedious and annoying , giant rocks you cant even see kill you instantly even if you have full health . All the levels are annoying , tedious , and repetetive . The combat is extremely repetetive . The attack combos are hard to get right and even if you do they dont do much damage anyway . I would strongly suggest renting this game before buying it . Unless you are very patient and dont mind restarting levels over and over again then this game is not for you . Basically , this game is just fancy graphics with fancy backgrounds and explosions . The combat is the most important part of the game and it 's boring and repetetive.Keep the $ 50 and go watch the movie 10 times .
 I rented this game and thought it was simply awful . Characters are very hard to follow , with fighting scenes often seeming very cluttered . The challenges are tedious ... often seems like you 're doing the same thing with different characters for the whole game.Rent or buy the Two Towers game , which I think is much better .
 The Xbox version is sooo much better in all respects . Xbox forever !!!
 IF you like fighting in videogames you should check out this game . The fighting is spectacular . You just beat down those orcs with your arrows and swords , its a really fun time . The orcs are different and have different features . Also whats new from the Two Towers version is the you have more characters to play with , especially Gandalf . But , most of these characters exept for Gandalf are unlock until later in the game which is unfortunate . It does n't follow the movie like I thought it would . But , you can see clips from the Return of the King movie mixed in with the game . The reason i hate this game is because when your playing two player campaign you have to save on two different files and it gets mixed up all the time . The saving system is a joke . YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN WHEN YOU PLAY THE GAME . It 's horrible .
 This is the best lotr game yet it has lots of fun and exiting levels and ie is a game you can play with a friend like in co-op the levels are very good taking your characters through the game and when you finish you get rewarded with new and interesting people who arevery fun to play with if you like any of the lotr games i am almost certain youwill like this one go out and buy it .
 The `` Return of the King '' is an average beat-em-up at best . The only thing going for this game is the Lord of the Rings license . If not for the movie license this game would have vanished into the abyss that bad beat-em-ups call home . The problem with this game can be put simply
 This game is worse than its predecessor `` The Two Towers '' . Besides the addition of new playable characters , this game has n't grown the way a good sequel should . The battle system is identical to the two towers and the level design is just as straight forward as before . The in-game lighting is much improved but thats a minute detail compared to the serious graphics design flaw that the heads up displays are barely legible from any significant distance if you 're using a TV smaller than 25 '' . not everyone has a 50 '' plasma screen in their game room thank you very much . This combined with primitive CGI animations and the sheer fact that the game has no variety should be enough to make the game not worth buying . but seriously , all the levels are too similar , i can only imagine the chief designer saying , `` Gee , i think ill spice this level up by putting a kill counter in the corner of the screen '' i mean the game is just lame at times . only buy this game if you 're a hardcore lord of the rings fan and you can look past the technical flaws and have fun with it , simply because you get to jump around as frodo baggins !
 I put this game down after just a couple of hours.I like role playing , puzzle solving and exploration games ... this is not one of those .
 I enjoyed the gameplay , graphics etc. of this game . However it is unreasonably difficult . That plus the fact there are no save points within the levels makes it a thumbs down for me . I enjoy my PS2 but am not interested in making playing this -LRB- or any -RRB- game into a full time job . These guys who say they finished the game in a few days must me either professional gamers or have A LOT of free time .
 this game is way to hard if ure 13 and under . youll get to like the third level on every guy and then its like impossible . its bad because when u get to these levels ure -LSB- in trouble because -RSB- there are no codes , you have to beat the game to have codes .
 First of all , I must say I got the ASPYR version for mac computers . It 's ok but whenever too much is going on for the computer to handle , it pauses in 5 second incriments . Besdies that , it is a little delayed and it makes it harder to play . Besides that I really wish it was first person view not third . There are times when I can not even see my character at all , in the middle of a huge fight even ! What am I supposed to do then ? Probably if the game was in first person view , I 'd be able to beat it , even with all the other problems . One of the most annoying things is that in my book under the combo attacks , it either tells me a combonation of right-right-right click , or left-left-left click . Well guess what ASPYR ? Macs do n't have a right and left click on their mouse button , we only have one , what then ? Why could n't you just make a list of which attacks make up each combonation ? Maybe then I would be able to know what to do with bigger enemies , like the king of the dead for instance . This looks like a very enjoyable game , i will admit it is fun , but very frustrating . Now I have to go through google to find the combos that i need to know and hope that will be enough to help me overcome all the other problems . This is very very very frustrating to me .
 Theres not much to say about this game its a hackin slash which means run around and press A and wack everyone.which I fine stupid It takes no skill to be good at this game all you need is to now were The A butun is and press that like crazy.Another annoying part is your always haveing to protect someone or something Protect the Gate , Dont let the wall get overwhelmed save Eowyn and merry by running catapult to catapul and firing at the big mean elephant and lizard thing.Its so stupid the crumy objectives they have you doing.They should of made it like star wars battle front with a mini tirth map or plenar fields map or something like that.Not this now dont get me wrong Im a big Lord of the Rings fan its just all the games have sucked.Being a lord of the rings fan wont ensure the liking of this game.People with weak minds and loike pressing the A buttun would love this game though
 People who think that anything to do with the Lord of the Rings is good are twats . This is the crappest trilogy of books and films ever created . J.R.R Tolkien is an idiot to create such a pathetic set of books , and Peter Jackson is a fat wanker to create such a crap set of films . I urge anyone who feels strongly about the Lord of the Rings to e-mail me at jackd999@hotmail.com with their opinions . Up with crap , down with the Lord of the Ringsgollum
 Too Americanized . DDR 1 on xbox was very much in the Japanese style and desirable as such . 2 moved toward American style and 3 even more so . DDR originated in Japan and should n't try to be American . I played DDR 3 for a while , but I 've since put both it and DDR2 on backburner as I play 1 almost exclusively now . Heavy songs are not very hard on this version of DDR , thus they had to throw in an extra difficulty level of Oni . That brings the total number of levels up to 5 -- I believe there were originally 3
 This game could be decent , but the designers dumb everything down . From the cheesy bubble graphics that compose all of the backgrounds to the quest mode option , this whole game reeks of a sellout for the corny childrens appeal . Whereas Ultramix 1 featured a clear , concise menu system and an organized song selection process , Ultramix 3 has a select bar so huge that only the song or option being selected at the time can be seen . This makes it extremely difficult to find any of the songs or alter any of the options.A second aspect of this game that makes it inferior to Ultramix 1 is the song content . While Ultramix 1 featured techno dancing songs all the way through , Ultramix 3 goes for the crowd appeal by including old , semi-popular songs that are horrible for higher level players . Any young children or middle aged people that enjoy listening to the songs over the dancing may enjoy this , but for an experienced player the content proves surprisingly dull.Yet another aspect of the game that could deal with fixing is the timing system on the steps . Maybe it 's just the pad but the arrows seem to be a lot more time-precise on Ultramix 3 than in Ultramix 1 . The one redeeming factor in this game is the addition of Sakura and Bag , but this is hardly enough to justify creating an entirely new game and selling it.If at all possible , I recommend skipping this version entirely and buying Ultramix 1 with the song packs off of X-box live .
 I bought a Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 2 before and like it very much . Therefore , I decided to buy another one . This game turned out to be a huge disappointment . The music in this game must have come from two and/or three decades ago . If you want to dance on the latest music , this is not the one to buy .
 I do enjoy the Harry Potter Books and Movies but the games all of them espesially this one is just horrible . There is only one thing to do no variety . if that is what you want go ahead and spend your money there is nothing i can do but warn you not to it is just another wasted $ 30 bucks . This game is not something to spend your hard eaned money on i recommend Morrowind for the older ones it truly has to be the best game i have ever seen letting you or your child do almost anything ! you should check it out and it is reasonably priced !
 But unfortunately it does n't come for anything but Xbox anymore . It was a lot of fun to play , but since it wo n't work on my newer system , I had to return it .
 My daughter really wanted this game even though it is old -LRB- some nostagia involved -RRB- . Most XBox games have an update to make them compatible with XBox 360 , but this game does not . VERY DISAPPOINTING !
 So I ordered this game about a week ago . I got it in the mail last night and when I opened it up , the casing was DDR Extreme 2 . However when I opened up the case there was no DDR Extreme 2 . It was just DDR Extreme . I 'm quite pissed !
 it was ok game i really did not like all that much and i return it i would not buy that ever agin it waste time and money
 My wife bought me the wireless glasses for Christmas of this year . Suprise No. 1 , the company sent the wired version . We returned the wired version -LRB- shipping for the return came out of my pocket -RRB- and the wireless ones were soon received . The wireless version would not work properly with any game I had . The glasses would barely hold in the batteries and the Nvidia Stereo drivers would n't work well with them either . The company then told me that they do not offer refunds for any products purchased through Amazon . Summary , Bad business practices from E-Dimensional and a product that does not work as well as advertised leading me to the conclusion that the company and the product are both junk . If you still want to buy them , atleast get the wired version . They work better !
 The game just arrived and I got all excited , I had n't played this game in years . I finally get to install it and to my surprise I have to stop because my laptop warns me of a trojan horse and adware problems . I ca n't play the game so I just wasted my money ... I am very disapoint > _ <
 Well , this game is allright . It defiantly is n't as cool as Harry Potter or Nintendogs -LRB- Which I ca n't wait to get -RRB- or Mario but it is OK . But let me tell you one thing I LOVE THE LORD OF THE RINGS BOOKS AND THE MOVIES ! This game just did n't do it for me . The graphics are pretty cool but ... I get very frustrated after playing this for a while . One reason is there are little stones always in your way , and the simplest things such as walking onto a bridge are immpossible . Also , it seems very hard to beat a level . I play this game sometimes , but not that often , only when I am extremly bored . One cool thing about it though is that you can pick what character you want to be , Eowyn , Aragorn , Gandalf , Frodo , Legolas , Gimli etc. . So out of a ten , this game gets a 4 or 5 .
 This game has the absolute worst gameplay ever , third person gameplay can rarely be amazing , and here it just plain stinks . I ca n't tell you how many times the camera has lost track of my player , the physics actually make the movie seem real , the character movement is so limited I feel like my hands are tied , the graphics are nice , which is a plus , but next to a whole stack of minuses . My suggestion , wait for the movie and play the card games .
 This game is based on the sport Quidditch from the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling . The game overall is fairly poor . The few positive aspects are overshadowed by the garbage.Gameplay - The game features four difficulty levels , Comet 260 , Nimbus 2000 , Nimbus 2001 , and the Firebolt , all brooms from the books . Unless the setting is on Firebolt , the game is useless . You can play as any Hogwarts or international team each with its own special move . After completing listed tasks , the player will receive Quidditch cards which are similar to Chocolate Frog cards from the series . The controls are simple to master but you could sit on the controller and receive the same results unless , like I said , you are on Firebolt in which case you will have to concentrate hard on not losing horribly . The glamor of playing with your favorite team starts to fade as you realize you can make more scores then Brittany Spears at the Strip Club with any team . Redundancy is unavoidable.Multiplayer-The multiplayer element is one of the few high points of this game . Playing against a friend makes it from an easy win to a challenging battle . Of course to unlock teams and fields you must play through ares of single player so it really is n't worth the trouble.Graphics-The graphics in this game is another high point . The fields are beautiful and are the only thing that really changes from match to match . The characterslook just as fine in cut scenes -LRB- although Harry looks and talks like a five year old -RRB- . Series Relation - The actually time of these matches is around the third book judging by the players on the Hogwarts teams . The game is littered with characters from the books like Harry , Draco , Cho Chang , Cedric Diggory , and Victor Krum and features Lee Jordan and Ludo Bagman for the Hogwarts and International games perspectively . The actual games however , are far from what you might expect as explained in the books . You mainly play as a Chaser , the Beaters are computers who protect the Chaser from Bludgers when attacked by the other team . The Seeker is only used after a certain amount of moves have been accomplished and the Keeper is a computer who seems to always be farther from the Quarfel as any other player .
 This game has great graphics , I admit , but it gets boring really quickly . It 's too easy for words , and you just have to keep scoring goals , over and over again until it 's time for you to catch the Snitch . They could 've done better .
 This is a fun game but it certanly has magor problems . I like the quidditch better than any other game but truly it is just not fun . This game is one only fans should buy for the notoriety .
 The day JK Rowling invented Quidditch for the books , this game was begging to be created . I 'm absolutly getting it . I was ready to give up video games when I found out they were making a Quidditch game . This is the game I 've been waiting for . Yes , I 'm a Harry Potter nut , so the opportunity to play Quidditch was one I could not pass up . And unlike the other Harry Potter games , this one takes you beyond Hogwarts and into the Wizard world with it 's favorite sport . I knew it was time to invest in a good system for the game , so I 'm finally getting a PS2 . I mean how can anyone , especially a Harry Potter fan , pass up the opportunity to play this awesome sport ?
 This installment of the harry potter games is nothing short of completely bizzare . I have no idea how anybody could like it , although it is a perfect game for 2-3 year olds .
 many find this game extremely easy . Including me . its easy , and boring all u do is fly around on brooms . Is n't that fun?NO ! who 'd want to play a really boring game ? Not me . I suggest that you do n't buy this game .
 At first , being able to choose almost the entire Fellowship is pretty cool . The first 3 levels are wut Two Towers mainly was , challenging , but not hard . Once you beat Path to Isengard , Path of the Wizard -LRB- Gandalf 's levles -RRB- are brutal . The main factor to losing is the inability to run straight ahead . I 've had to try Top of the Wall over 5 times and still no success b/c You can only run when angled . Another poor factor to the game is u can only replay levels once u beat the last level -LRB- Crack of Doom -RRB- . If you do n't mind endless tries on levels and the awful secret characters -LRB- Merry in Rohan armor , Pippin in Gondor armor , and Faramir -RRB- . Note
 Grapics
 I will admit , I am slightly biased , because nothing about The Lord of the Rings appeals to me . However , I played through the first two games , and found them ejoyable and stunningly rendered.Yet this third installment offers absolutely nothing new . If you have played `` Fellowship '' and `` Towers , '' you will know what this game is , what it will look like , and how it will play . Nothing has changed . The graphics are beautiful , but we have seen that in the last two . If something happens twice , it ceases to be amazing.I tried not to let my bias affect my view . I could not , however , enjoy playing the same game for the third time .
 Review update 1/23/13So I had the Two Towers game for Gamecube back when it first came out in 2002 and I loved it , and played the ass out of it . But by the time this one came out , I had either lost interest or could n't be bothered to spend money on buying it.Where the previous game was smooth , streamlined , and somewhat tempered in its hacking n slashing so that hacking and slashing half a dozen opponents was overwhelming yet rewarding in a way that some hack n slashes do with half a hundred opponents in the same time . It had the original voice actors playing themselves , even unlockable interviews with them talking about it and their recording . It even had incentives to replay levels using each character over again.Nine years later , I returned to the games , and played this one.Everything about the previous game that was good seems to be completely and thoroughly wasted or rendered useless in this game.The graphics are somewhat improved for the characters , but the drab color scheme -LRB- a questionable decision given that this game covers more areas and different characters -RRB- and stunningly awful enemy designs mean that while you could easily discern Orcs from Goblins from Uruk-Hai , including the big orcs who were like Uruk-Hai , and the incredibly annoying Uruk-Hai with no shirt who would always knock you down with his one-handed sword , in this game you can almost never tell the difference -LRB- if there even is any -RRB- between the various types of Orc.Adding to the monotony of the color is perhaps the most mind-numbingly awful methods of ramping up gameplay difficulty from the previous game . Virtually every bad game design decision that could be implemented here was implemented ; - The camera positioning is hideous and you frequently end up being unable to see your own character for long periods of time , or running headlong against the side of the screen , only to be suddenly attacked at the last moment by a horde of enemies you were apparently charging straight into blindly.Some specific examples include the wall battle of Minas Tirith , a pretty blatant copy of the wall battle of Helms Deep from the previous game , only this time with you as Gandalf and with constant annoying little secondary objectives that give the enemy far too much time to swarm the wall , such as rushing to catapults to fire on enemy siege towers , despite them ALREADY HAVING TEAMS OF MEN AT THE CATAPULTS FULLY CAPABLE OF PULLING THE SWITCH TO FIRE . The camera angling is so terrible that you can never actually see the staircase you 're supposed to walk up to find the catapults . The game never even hints how you get to them , and it was literally only dumb luck that I found the camera shifted when I reached a certain blind spot , showing me these stairs.Another horrendous example comes when Aragorn , Legolas , and Gimli arrive on Pelennor Fields , and must go through a gauntlet of taking out Oliphaunts one at a time . Aside from the afore-mentioned face-palming stupidity exercise that this is , the game constantly goes to cut scene to show you the arrival of each and every single new Oliphaunt , as well as the Witch-King arriving , thus leaving your character frozen in place while random Uruks and Eastern Men swarm your position ; if you had virtually no health -LRB- and you almost certainly will -RRB- you pretty much instantly die as soon as the cutscene is done . And the way the cutscene is shot makes it difficult to tell which side of a massive canyon you should be on in order to shoot at the Oliphaunt . - Ridiculous difficulty levels involving health and damage . At the very least for this game , you can purchase combo and weapon upgrades that apply to ALL characters rather than you own , with a discount to offer incentive toward this while having a need to keep upping your best characters to meet future challenges . Despite this , difficulty is n't raised by having smarter opponents or tougher battles , but simply by lowering your health drastically and lowering your weapon damage drastically , then by doubling the amount of enemies thrown at you.Whereas the previous game 's health bar was well balanced with its green for good , yellow for mildly damaged , orange for seriously damaged , and red for near-death , and a good player almost always managing to keep yellow or better , no amount of skill will keep players from spending more than half the time in red health , bordering on dying . This would n't be so frustrating if not for the fact that the game seemingly does n't expect this , and thus has the health bar constantly FLASHING at the bottom of the screen when you 're in red.This is exacerbated by incredibly bad combos . Despite using some of the same button sequences as the previous game , combos here are poorly executed , with some of the most important ones being so slow in execution that they only work against an opponent one on one ; if there is a second opponent , he need only shove you roughly to completely break the combo and send you staggering back . This means combos are as likely to fail as they are to work properly , and even worse , do n't do enough damage to kill most of the time ; when there 's few , if any combos that allow for sweeping attacks or splash damage , knocking one opponent down for a second before moving on to another is just as much a waste of time as simply mashing A repeatedly , with the exact same results achieved.At the very least , you can block attacks with your attack instead of having to press B constantly -LRB- though this works best -RRB- . And even worse is being knocked down ; unlike the previous game , when you 're knocked down by ANYTHING -LRB- be it a gargantuan Orc champion , a troll , or a dog-sized spider -RRB- you stay down for 3 full seconds , unmoving , and take another 2-3 seconds just getting up . In the midst of fast-hack-n-slash gameplay , particularly in the Pelennor Fields where 6 seconds is long enough to miss your chance to kill the Oliphaunt and spook the Witch King away from Merry and Eowyn , this is deadly , not to mention a colossal waste of time with regards to action . I can not even imagine how this decision to make rising such a sluggish action was considered and implemented unless there 's a future upgrade to speed up rising time -LRB- though about 50 % of the way into the game , it 's not anywhere to be seen -RRB- . - Long-winded missions with multiple sub-objectives and poorly spaced out checkpoints.This section alone topples the entire game , in my opinion . It is absolutely gamebreaking and the true definition of `` an exercise in face-palming stupidity `` The Two Towers ' missions were typically lengthy , with frequent checkpoints and clear-cut objectives , like `` Kill 40 Uruk-Hai , run this way to protect Frodo , kill 10 Uruk-Hai , kill Uruk boss '' , it was mostly about rushing through maze-like levels , killing , doing stuff , killing , and boss fights.Here , they implement so many sections that in some cases bring the gameplay to a screeching halt so you can try and fail over and over to figure out their completely pointless little puzzle section , or try and fail over and over as they throw complicated objectives on top of being swarmed by hundreds of opponents.Some of the absolute worst examples include : Samwise in Shelob 's lair . There are little sections that serve absolutely no purpose except to waste time , in which Sam has to pick up a conveniently placed torch and throw it in the middle of a pile of little spiders in order to clear them from his path . Rather than just using it once or twice to teach us to use the Z button for interactions , they implement it as a primary level feature , and there 's literally one section where you have to do it three times in a row to reach a locked door , only to realize YOU HAVE TO DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN GOING BACK WHERE YOU STARTED in order to climb up past ANOTHER series of spiders and torches.The Big Three in the Ghost lair . More than once , you 're forced to button-mash the Z button to turn a wheel that lowers a bridge while ghostly archers shoot at you , balancing between deflecting their arrows and working on the bridge . Not only is this so easy that you could just stand there as half the arrows simply glitch past you due to piss-poor collision detection , but sometimes a cutscene showing the bridge lowering wastes several seconds.Other times , the game simply demands ridiculously over the top objectives and gives you literally nothing to work with . In these circumstances , even lowering the difficulty does nothing to change the impenetrable grind in some of these levels . The design is not one of any sort of challenge or skill or talent , but literally face-palming stupidity and repetition until you finally overcome the odds by sheer statistics . It 's the very action of the saying `` the definition of insanity is doing the exact same thing over and over and expecting different results '' . And unlike the previous game , your allies are completely and utterly useless ; they will never ever successfully kill more than one enemy in the time you 've taken out five or six or more and moved on . Sometimes they wo n't even attack , but just stand still in front of an enemy until that enemy decides to ignore them and attack you.Some of the worst offenders include the aforementioned level in the Ghost cave , where you inexplicably have to fight some ghosts . Random rocks will burst out of the ground , blocking your progress until you defeat a bunch of ghosts somehow . As well , if you get too close to the ghosts , they can pretty much insta-kill you , sending you right the hell back to the start of the level or the start of the checkpoint . There 's literally nothing you can do to avoid this but try again and do the exact same thing over again.Similarly , the aforementioned Pelennor Fields gauntlet of `` I have to do everything because everyone else is too effing stupid '' tasks , in which to start , you have to kill 60 east men , but not Orcs . I specifically say not Orcs , because they do n't count towards the 60 , and because there 's as many of them on the field as there are east men . Why east men only instead of Orcs , no effing idea why , since the overall objective means you could be fighting wild deer or gremlins or inanimate objects and the result as well as the task would be exactly the same ; killing these 60 eastermen does n't matter at all ; the respawn infinitesimally and after you finish this pointless objective , you move on to the real mission.And this `` warm up '' is n't even vital to the actual mission ; you could literally just run past the field and set up camp on the cliffs overlooking the canyon where the Oliphaunts spawn , but the combination of pointless objective and incredibly awful camera angling means you 're literally lost in the fray and have no idea where to even go once you 've finished the objective.And the sheer number of Orcs and East Men spawned and thrown at you in this phase makes it so difficult that it should be in some way relevant ; I 've died and had to restart so often in this spot , I could have finished entire levels of this same long-winded game in the amount of time I spent dealing with flimsy combos which left me wide open to attack by the 50,000 other enemies surrounding me , being knocked over long enough for another 50,000 to trample me , and spending so much time with red blinking health on the brink of death while mashing B to block 50,000 blades all attacking me that I could reach Perfect Mode two times over just from the blocks , and have no avenue open to even attack anyone ! ALL of those events -LRB- aside from the obvious number exaggeration -RRB- happened to me in this one effing level !!! And the punchline is ; this is n't the first time you 're put in such a situation . An earlier level has the exact same setup ; you randomly thrown into a random spot of battlefield with endless swarms of Orcs spawning on you , and half an hour spent blocking and killing them by the score , with no end in sight , and no mission objective in sight . Unlike the Pelennor Fields one where you at least saw it would end after killing 60 East Men , this level -LRB- forgot which -RRB- had NO such objective , and NO clue or insight into what you were supposed to be doing!IF you survived long enough , the mission would end up failing anyway because apparently you were supposed to go and rescue someone while fighting through the Orcs . This WOULD have made sense if the Orcs were actually IN BETWEEN YOU AND THE THING YOU 'RE SUPPOSED TO REACH . Instead , they 're literally on the EXACT OPPOSITE SIDE , so the way to complete this objective is not to fight your way through the Orcs , but to COMPLETELY IGNORE THEM AND RUN AWAY . And you only learn this AFTER being killed half a dozen times or having the mission abruptly fail with absolutely no explanation as to why.Back to the Pelennor Fields level , another layer of insanity/stupidity comes with the Witch King ; he randomly appears to fly over Eowyn and Merry and apparently do nothing . They take damage , but the Witch King neither attacks them nor shoots arrows or spears or magic at them . You 're supposed to shoot arrows at him to make him fly away . Not only does this occur while the Oliphaunts still come -LRB- and taking them down is a tedium all in itself -RRB- but if the Oliphaunts make it to Eowyn and Merry , you instantly fail the mission , and the amount of time it takes to move from different locations and fire off arrows means that there are some cases where it is genuinely not possible to win the mission , because you missed out by a second or less getting up after being knocked down , and either the Witch King or an Oliphaunt kills Merry and Eowyn.And making it even more catastrophically infuriating is that Orcs and East Men KEEP SPAWNING THIS WHOLE TIME and they KEEP rushing at you to attack you ! So sometimes you do n't even need to be just a bit too slow ; you could be distracted by them rushing you , wasting your time , while the Oliphaunt trudges closer , or the Witch King kills off Eowyn and Merry.And this literally happens to me every time
 This game SUCKS . The first four stages involve fighting the armies of the dead -LRB- e.g. ghosts -RRB- from a severely distant camera angle , and the lighting is so subtle and arbitrary that you can not tell when the ghosts are invincible and when you can hit them . You also can barely tell who is who during co-op mode because the camera is so far away . I loved the Two Towers game and beat it using all 3 characters , and I am unable to progress at all in this one , even in easy mode . I do not understand why the developers took such a dramatic turn in the gameplay here . It 's an incredible disappointment . If I wanted this kind of nonsense I could have just gone to Lucas -LRB- f -RRB- Arts .
 As another reviewer noted , this is NOT the XP/Vista version despite what the product description says . It 's the Win95/98 version - really old . I can still play it , but the game itself is so bad that I do n't want to . It 's clunky to get around in , and just really poorly designed . What a shame -- it seemed like a fun concept .
 I love playing Monopoly and I really looked forward to this version . The writeup says this can be used with Win XP/Vista . When I received the actual CD-ROM , it said Win 95/98 . No way can I use this with Vista . I had to return it .
 The product is faulty and I have contacted Beach Audio and they told me to contact Hasbro which I did and they have done nothing about it either . I am very upset .
 I love the songs on this disc . However , it is not really compatible with the PS3 . So sometimes , one of the two microphones do not work and shut off . When you reboot the PS3 , it still does n't work . So be wary of this .
 This Game was a complete and utter disapointment . First of all , there really ar n't many songs that are acturally good , but more than that , the microphone would simly refuse to go into the ps2 !!!!! It was constantly falling out , stopping the game and forcing us to hold the chip in for just a few seconds of pure singing . Also , for some reason , the disk crashed , deleting all memory from the game , forcing us to start over . Now we simply do not play it , and we regret the waste of money this piece of junk game and Mic turned out to be
 I bought this as a gift for my kids.The disc would n't play in the XBOX . It does n't appear to be dirty or scratched , it just does n't play.No other XBOX title we have -LRB- more than 20 -RRB- has this problem.Even though Konami 's warranty states that they will replace any defective item , they refused to do so in this case because it was bought online . There is no language in the warranty distinguishing between buying online or from a traditional retailer.PS
 This game is a remake of the original red and blue pokemon games . while the first 2 were really good because the concept of pokemon was new , these are just remakes of the first one . pointless if you ask me . why would nintendo make a game exactly the same as the first . Yeah , you can link up with ruby and saphire , but why ? It does n't help the pokedex , in ruby and saphire , but it also does n't help in fire red and leaf green . And why did they give it a different ad like , `` new concept captures the game better . '' and also a different title I mean , I can imagine something like `` POKEMON BLUE ADVANCE '' but giving it a totaly different title is dumb . I do n't think making this game has a point . if you want this game do n't get it . Get red or blue . The originals you ca n't find in stores but you can find it online
 Dear god nintendo is remaking red and blue -LRB- green in Japan -RRB- versions !! Fire Red and Leaf Green are just red/blue verisons with updated grpahics and sounds and a few new features like the wireless adaptor , Ruby and Sapphire pokemon , able to trade with sapphire and ruby , and these new islands . Basicly you can not go to Honnin or Jhoto it 's just Kento another thing thats pretty sad about these games nintendo can make wireless link cables yet they ca n't put the new wrolds in ? Red and Blue version where the best versions ever I 'm sticking with the originals
 Once again , Nintendo has found a way to blow a good opportunity . Do n't get me wrong . The games sound good , but there is one problem
 Pokemon ; is like so old ; and Nintendo is sitting on the ledge of their backs trying to revive a game and trading cards for little babies and toddlers . Even the whole Pok&eacute;mon fad are mostly consisted of 5 - 12 year-old Asians that ca n't do anything better than to play some Japanese crap.Get to play something like Mario , and also play the old arcade classics like Galaga , Donkey Kong , Xevious , Pole Position , more others and the legendary Ms. and Pac Man which are all classified as the most popular games of all time - thus which you call are REAL games and not like a game that involves baby cute monsters with annoying little Anime characters battling with their.Or , if you do n't prefer to play REAL games then you 'd rather spend playing sports and other stuff in the outside world . Oh ; when will this craze ever die ? So we can get back to our living needs?Pokemon must die .
 This game is so dumb ! Why do n't people let the world of Pokemon die ? These people are going to keep making dumb games like these if people do n't stop buying it .
 Havent the people that work for pokemon given up yet they need to give it up and get it through there head that pokemon is not cool they think just because they make 3waves of new pokemon that they will go back in business and they finally and wasnt pokemon made allready i know its kinda hard to keep track of theses stupid games but i know that there was already a pokemon red so why dont you pokemon fans go find something else to upses aboutand what is the differnce between pokemon green and pokemon fire anyways
 Ok , I saved up $ 40 , for no good reason . I was extremely excited about this game , the wireless adapter , the improved stuff , the islands , and all that jazz . Oh . My . Gosh . I was highly disappointed . The only good part is the wireless adapter and islands . Ruby and Sapphire was wa-a-a-a-a-a-y better . I miss my Treecko ... Anyway , it is basically like the first one , better graphics and the islands , and the wireless adapter . That 's all ? And did n't the Pokemon fad stop in 2002 ? I mean , really ! I want more improvements ! Honestly , a hit would be a sequel to Ruby and Sapphire . If your looking for this game to have cool improvements , this is not a buy.Pros
 I think the game would have been fun if I could have used it . It said even though it was for XBox it could be played on XBox 360 . It lied . It can not . I 've gone online and they have n't made a `` patch '' so it can be used on XBox 360 that I can find . So I have a game and no way to play it now .
 I was drunk when I bought this.I regret buying it . Time to move on in the video game world to DJ Hero and things of this sort-Or better yet , go to the karaoke bar in the Asian town near you !
 I thought oh good reviews must be a good game . I was wrong once you enter a room it has to load and it always loads . i do like the backrounds but this is a horible game . you fight and thats it pretty much through the whole game is the same thing.dont waste your money on this.this game is way too easy .
 My only just 8 year old son completed this game in approximately 45 minutes - all 10 levels . Watching the film was obviously a far better way to spend the money ...
 This game was a major downfall compared to the two titles for the N64 ! These graphics are incredibly bad!Also , these tasks are basic ! Only 2 tasks are actually hard ! Last , this game is just horrible compared to THPS2 ! If u want an extreme game , I say , get Matt Hoffman or Dave Mirra !
 Unfortunately , I was one of those idiots who bought Gamecube over PS2 . I bought SSB : M , Rogue Leader , THPS3 , Spy Hunter , and Cel Damage . Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 3 is my target now . This game is patheticly easy . Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 1 is harder than this trash . THPS3 has a horrible soundtrack too -LRB- THPS2 's is the best -RRB- . The game Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 2X for Xbox is much better . The graphics of this Tony Hawk are incredible though . The levels are quite detailed too . THPS1 had its way of not telling you all the specials and moves like this one does . This game has moves where you go underground . Wait a second ! How in the world do you skateboard underground ?!?!?!? I have one question for Neversoft ; Why do you still call it Tony Hawk 's ? Nobody even plays as Tony Hawk ! This is a waste of money unless you only care about the graphics . If you do n't have a N64 then get one and get THPS1 and you will know what I mean by the skill level difference .
 This game is great except for one thing . . the huge slowdown ... Unlocking new levels was really fun up until the new level had so much slowdown that I could n't get the hard-to-get goals . . sorry but when the frames per second goes from 60 down to 10 , I mess up and ca n't get anything ... Do n't get ported games , especially this one
 This game was ok but there is n't really anything new compared to the earlier ones . Except for that there is a skateboard shop and a bunch of new stuff but the gameplay is still the same . tony Hawk 4 is the best one though .
 this is the worst game of the tony hawk series . it is basically a skateboarding rpg because to find out your objectives you have to go talk to skaters . do n't buy it , its a waste of the bling bling .
 I hate this game ! It is boring and unrealistic ! Stay away from this game !
 I was expecting a lot more from the GameCube version of THPS 3 . It looks the same as PS2 , but the frame rate is worse . And in split screen mode , the frame rate is horrible . The levels are really small , although this was a problem with the PS2 version too . It feels like that kept them small so they could do a PS version of the game and use the same levels .
 THere are a lot of things y ps2 's version is better . Thhe framework for Gamecube is really slow and I did not like this edition of Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 . But do me a favor . Write something in that box I will put below.Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 has excellent _________ - thanksalan Y.
 You think making the game 3 times for each system would be enough , but gamecube has to try to make more $ .
 Watch out this is the short list of classical music composers . Well there were a few more than that I wish to search for when I invest in a software package . I would not want this one for any in depth information about the lives of thousands of classical music composers . Why bother with this when I , or a youngster , can use google .
 This Windows CD is described as being for Windows XP . It is a 1998 product for Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 . Unless you have an old machine , you will not be able to run this . Neither of my machines -LRB- Windows XP and Windows 7 -RRB- would install this software . The company was bought out and the product and support for it are no longer available .
 Critics loved the first Police Quest -LRB- back in 1987 -RRB- because it seemed to capture police work better than any other game before it . It did ; you had to do things by the book or you lost the game , period . These games were n't as fond of violence as the King 's Quest series -LRB- why was that marketed to kids , anyway ? -RRB- , and usually achieved their primary goal.The writing , though , was atrocious ; the plots were fairly dull and formulaic -LRB- save for PQ2 , which was only formulaic -RRB- and the games had almost no replayability . The series as a whole hit its nadir with Police Quest 4 , a project embarrassingly used by former LAPD chief Daryl Gates as a way of demeaning the press and defending his own scattershot record.Yech . For story , go for Space Quest or Quest for Glory ; if you can find them , the Conquest titles -LRB- Camelot and Longbow , the latter featuring Robin Hood -RRB- are terrific , much better than this series .
 They need to include a manual with swat two as it confused the -- out of me . But over all the series was good . It made you face the situations realistically and was challenging while at the same time entertaining . The graphics are crap but considering when the games were made it is understandable . It would be cool if they remade games 2-4 with better graphics and a more user friendly interface like they did pq1 .
 OK ... LETS START OUT with flight unlimited . The gameplay is alright and the maps are also cool . There is only a selection of two planes though . And while playing this game , it will randomly freeze and close out . Everytime I would crash , the game would freeze.Next , Longbow gold . This game is extremely hard . The controls are horrible and I bet it would be easier to navigate a Longbow in real life than in this game.Last , usnf ' 97 . This game had the best potention of the three . It has many aircrafts to choose from and also many weapons to custimize those planes . It comes with many missions , except the game will close out whenever you engage in combat . It is extremely frustrating . When you plug 25 mins into a mission to find an enemy and when you finally do , the game closes , it is very annoying.Overall , this game is not worth any price . DO NOT BUY THIS !!
 The title is misleading . It does n't come with a wireless adapter . I returned it to amazon because it does n't match the description and , they just sent me another one without a video adapter .
 im not a fan of pokemon but their games kick but ! this game is the same as blue version which a beat tons of times . aside from 2 or 3 differences its the same as blue version !
 I bought this game the day it came out , and was I ever wrong about doing that ! This game is basically just a quick throw together effort by Nintendo to capitalize on the renewed popularity that Ruby and Sapphire brought to the game . I mean consider this . Time between Crystal and Ruby about 3 years . Time between Ruby and Leaf Green - half of that . The improvements that were made to the Ruby/Sapphire version are severely lacking here . The Wireless adapter is pretty much a non factor . Unless you 're in a Pokemon League and are around many people at once who would be playing this , it 's not really good for much else . I feel that too much emphesis was put on getting the product out to the public first , with little thought to improving the game . Basically here 's my thought which has been backed up by other players - if you 've beat Ruby and Sapphire , why bother ? But if you never played the earlier games , maybe this will be new and interesting to you . Also , if you enjoy battling endless amounts of trainers - this game is for you . Otherwise , do n't bother !!!
 do not get this game if you have played the orignal red AND BLUE . mY FRIEND WAS SO HYPED ABOUT THIS GAME WHEN HE LET ME BORROW IT IT TURNED OUT TO BE A TOTAL REMAKE.THE TOWN LAYOUT OF THE GAME IS EXACTLY THE SAME AND THE BUILDING LAYOUT IS THE SAME TOO.tHE STORYLINE IS THE SAME ALSO . FIRE RED AND LEAF GREEN ARE RED AND BLUE STORYLINE AND LAYOUT WITH SAFFIRE AND RUBY 'S GRAFICS . aLL THE NEW FEUTURES NITENTO SAYS ARE JUNK THE EXTRA ARE PURE STUPID . ALL THEY DID WAS PUT THREE EXTRA BATTLE MOVES AND ADDED 9 ISLANDS THOUGHT U CAN ONLY 7 OF THEM WITHOUT GAMESHARK . bUT IF U HAVE NEVER PLAYED RED , BLUE OR YELLOW GO AHEAD GET THIS GAME IT IS WORTH IT . FOR THE PEOPLE THAT HAVE PLAYED IT DO NOT WASTE $ 30 ON THIS CRAP .
 I did n't actual buy this game but if I was u I would not buy from this page the picture of the game is a bootleg and if the picture of the game is fake I would not trust any of the sellers from this PageI have a real copy of fire red and its fun and I would give it 4 stars I liked emerald beter probably because I played through red maybe a year or 3 before I got this game I know this is leaf green and not fire red but the story line is identicle I think and u can catch a couple different pokemon
 Has anyone else experienced the nagging problems I have with Triple Play 2K ? After playing a game using the keyboard , I lose control of the game and can not access any of the commands on the screen such as `` next game '' ; the screen continues to scramble and it 's only by chance that clicking on quit allows a new game by starting over.EA Sports was of no help in correcting this . This is the only software that acts like this on our computer . All of our drivers are current.The lack of support and response to this problem raises doubts that I will purchase the next version .
 Potentially Jane 's Attack Pack could be a very exciting and entertaining package ; however , it is far from that . It is not compatable with Windows 98 or 95 . While in the middle of every mission I have tried , the game will quit and you will be back on your desktop . I have Windows 98 and another review listed on Amazon.com confirms the same problem with Windows 95 . Do not waste your money or time buying Jane 's Attack Pack ! Very disappointing , makes me very distrustful of Electronic Arts . Buyer beware .
 One star is more than generous -LRB- would n't let me put negative numbers -RRB- . Plain and simple - this game -LRB- or collection of games -RRB- just does n't work ... You can get them to start up but do n't expect them to work any longer than 5 to 7 minutes . More than once , they have locked up or kicked themselves out into Windows for no apparent reason . ATF can be run out of DOS but still has similiar problems . Save your cash . This package is a joke .
 I bought this around the same time I got my PC . I thouhght that I was getting a greta game . WRONG . Jane 's is either 1 -RRB- making a very bad joke 2 -RRB- trying to make good games with scrap metal and toothpicks or 3 -RRB- creating blank disks that people buy because of cover design . None of thes games worked . USNF could n't handle the clicks on the Proceed and the Fly buttons . Apache Longbow froze every 2 seconds . ATF ... oh , I dare not speak of it . If you want to get a Jane 's game , get a good one , not this stinky little `` game pack ''
 The only game I 'm familiar with here out of the entire pack is US Navy Fighters 97 . I bought that game brand new back in 1997 and I must admit , compared to other combat air sims of the time , this one had poor almost comical graphics!Dont waste your money on this crap !
 Longbow is fun but it frezes alot.EA throws anything on the shelf.ATF dosent work for windows.USNF shuts down right in the middle of action.I would only recomend it to people who want to buy a cheap game.They spent more time on the box then they did on the games.USNF is fun when it works .
 Please send me the game I ordered -LRB- Janes Attack Pack -RRB- WhenI recive the game You will have completed the balance of the two games I ordered from you . I have recived the game -LRB- EnemyEngaged -RRB- I have not recived the game -LRB- Janes Attack Pack -RRB- as of12-29-01 . Enemy Engaged turned out to play better than the demoGreat game ! I enjoy every moment ! The demo was so good!I bought the game ! Demo & Full version get 8.875 atta-boys !
 The game is a a fun game to play overall , but for anyone playing the game , when they do not achieve the goal in the level they are in , they are told that they are `` dummies '' , `` useless '' , `` worth nothing '' , `` miserable '' , `` I do n't have money to pay you '' , `` what you are missing is everything '' , `` go and wash your face '' by the Head Zookeeper . Considering the target audience -LRB- children -RRB- , why did anyone allow such degrading language in a game ? A game is to be fun , and not make you feel bad . I personally feel horrible about giving the game to someone else -LRB- not just my daughter -RRB- . I never would have bought it if I knew it contained such messages . Buyer beware ! Not for young children , or any child/person who will be affected by negative messages being thrown at them when they mess up .
 It seems to me that this game was rushed to get on the market . Not only is it badly translated to english , but the game is pretty repetative and boring . The producers could have spent more time on this game or included it into an arcade style game with multiple other games . The graphics on it could have been more expirimental than just a bunch of 2-D animals and people . I have to admit that there was hardly any distortion , but what else would you expect from a new handheld ? This game is definately not worth your money and if you have to have it buy it used or wait for the price to drop . Dont waste your money when you could be getting a good game .
 This game sux when I got it for christmas and put it on my ds all is , is 1 puzzel game and its all about timing and rushing you when there are no matches to hit . dont get this game , get something like robots trust me !
 this game was the worst game exer i would never reccomend it to anyone accept 3 year olds .
 At times , I find the entire ` puzzle ' genre suffering from a misnomer . Puzzle titles often feel more ` twitch ' than cerebral . Tetris catalyzed this genre 's marriage of pattern-recognition with near-instantaneous player reaction , which has long since become the primary element of games from Dr. Mario to Bust-A-Move . The reason Tetris remains the archetype for the genre is lost on a game like Zoo Keeper ; in a round of Tetris , the player is always ` building ' their game , despite the mound of blocks being constructed only to then be skillfully eliminated from play . Games that successfully model the Tetris experience ooze a sense of control and personality.Zoo Keeper keeps it simple , but not in the refreshing , Spartan manner of its superior competitors . The gameplay consists of you switching the position of two adjacent animal icons in order to make a ` capture ' of three straight animals . Variants of this game abound -LRB- for historians , this is the Sega ` Columns ' genealogy -RRB- ; there are several online derivations , but often they challenge you to clear the screen - thus , a puzzle with a solution . No such goal in Zoo Keeper ; in the main mode , you play until retinal failure . They count on the quirky presentation to get you in the door , what with the intransigent balding Zoo Manager and a slew of blocky , impossibly cute zoo creatures.While any constant visual input can be mildly engaging , Zoo Keeper ultimately feels like a game one would find free-of-charge on Yahoo games -LRB- `` Bejeweled , '' to be precise -RRB- . Primarily , I question how much gameplay exists beyond the simple recognition of available moves . The game 's puzzle mode would have you believe that there is something resembling deeper gameplay here involving combos and chains , but the nature of the constantly refreshing screen -LRB- pieces fall from above as they are eliminated from the playing field -RRB- lend this game a degree of randomness that belies any sense of planning . Granted , maybe I 'm just not apt enough at reading the entire screen as a whole , but this game delivers scant satisfaction when the occasional 10-chain hits the board . How much does the player have to do with the chains when they are so often supplied by the pieces randomly falling from the top of the screen ? A Zoo Keeper Zen state would be about as interesting as mastering a word search puzzle , your eyes blurred on a field of letters.There have been times in life in which I have sought out fairly mindless diversions such as Zoo Keeper ; the modicum of skill they award , combined with the hypnotic gameplay and eye-darting around the screen , can produce a pleasantly thoughtless state -LRB- a state I enjoyed in avoiding my undergraduate work -RRB- . At the end of the day , this game dutifully serves its function of wasting your free time .
 The description says it will play on vista . It would not play on my computer which has the vista ststem . I was very disappointed and unable to play .
 I remember playing these games almost 10 years ago , and I really loved them . But this one does not run on Windows XP , and most nowadays computers use Windows XP . What 's the point with a new release of these classic games if you are not able to play them unless you have a computer from the middle nineties ? For me it was a waste of money .
 This game is a waste of money , sure you get a lot of stuff but thats not the point . I bought this game thinking the graphics were good and there not , everything is small and not very detailed . The game runs slow and some times it freezes . I gave it 2 stars because it did come with a lot of stuff and if you are an true blue C&C fan then you can look past everything .
 I could n't wait until the game finally came out , but I am very disappointed . First , I had trouble installing the game . I went online and did everything that they told me to do , and I still could not install the game . Then I called EA , and their customer service leaves something to be desired . In desperation , I called one of my friends who is a video game geek . He walked me through changing the registry of my computer , and then it installed.This game is not for small children , because it is very difficult to move Harry around . The camera in the game seems to always be in the wrong position . Getting 100 % Discovery points in all the locations without some hints off of EA 's website is almost impossible . The last couple of Harry Potter PC games were much more exciting than this one !
 EA has really done it this time . BEWARE !! If you have an Intel processor for graphics this game will not work . I have XP with the latest graphics updates , Xtreme graphics , and drivers and the system keeps shutting the game down as a threat to computer . I also have well above the specs necessary that are stated . System says a line in the program is creating the problem , EA says the program will only run with certain graphics programs . Bottom line read the small print and check your computer specs . The ad for the product does not tell you all , check EA to find out which graphic programs will run the game properly . Even a vista program with a intel graphics program will not work properly . I tried . Kids extremely disappointed . We have all the other games and had no problem , however with this one I guess you need to buy a certain kind of computer to play it .
 Unlike the previous HP PC games from EA , this one changes all previous game controls and spell casting capabilities . If I wanted to play the game on a Playstation or WII I would have bought a game for those components , but I was looking for a PC game that I THOUGHT would follow in the footsteps of the games that came bofore . To make such huge changes in the way you play the PC games seems unfair . I find I 'm having trouble with basic navigation and basic spell casting . I 'm not a `` gamer '' which is why I enjoy PC games . The controls are supposed to be streamlined for the keyboard or mouse in basic terms that I can understand . I find myself wandering around in circles because I ca n't figure out which way to go . The Map is great , but what happened to finding out where you were supposed to be and investigating the castle along the way ? Spell casting is incredibly difficult . I 'm not even sure which spell I 'm casting . Other reviewers have posted that you will either win or lose depending on the story line and spell casting does n't even matter in this game , I 've found that to be true . I love PC games because they focus on the limitations of your keyboard and mouse , two components I understand . This is NOT , I repeat , NOT , a PC game . Very dissappointing EA Games to market it as one .
 PC games , that are built from the ground up for the PC , play very well with a mouse and keyboard . There is always a learning curve attatched to them . For players new to the PC WASD layout , it can be overwhelming.I just finished a game that required at least the right half of the keyboard , the number row , and a mouse to play . That game took me a few days to get used to , but the game played flawlessly -LRB- even though I was n't -RRB- . The controls do become automatic and players lose themselves in the character they are guiding through the virtual world.Don ' t expect that to happen with this game . This is just another console game mapped to computer keys that does n't behave well at all . Like GOF before it , the game becomes tedious and frustrating . Manufacturers save money this way . They did n't spend any money on this game ... why shouldyou?Its pretty to look at , but we GOF PC-CD ROM survivors are fairly united in thinking `` But who cares ? `` You do n't have to take my word for it ... there is an online demo available . I whole-heartedly recommend you try the demo before you purchase this turkey.The game will respond much better in its true written form ... the console version.The older Potter games are much more fun ... the graphics are dated but the games are actually fun to play on the PC ... that they were written from the ground up for . Wow ! ... that must be why the boxed set of the early games sold so well . They would be wise to bring them back Some one should tell EA that . They have n't figured it out .
 I have played every Harry Potter game that has come out . This is by far the worst . The characters are very hard to control . Sometimes when you want Harry to walk one way , you may have to press different directions to get him to go that way . In addition , it is very hard to point him in the right direction to do any spells . I gave up about 20 minutes in to the game . The cut scenes are also way too long and way too frequent . I 'm not sure who tests these games but I ca n't imagine anyone being really comfortable with the controls .
 Probably the worst gameI 've ever purchased , all you do is run around hogwarts trying to find your way lighting tourches . There 's no action of any kind and all the puzzles are ridicliously simple , the game gets repetitve real fast . The few duels in the game that you have are totally ridiclious since you do n't even have health points , so you do n't die . It 's simply a horrible piece of junk , do n't buy it , its not worth it .
 I played the demo and it never gave enough time to see how the game was . Although the graphics were good , the controls were a nightmare . `` Intuitive '' was n't even on my list of adjectives for the controls . It also seemed extremely boring.Now that I have purchased the game -LRB- I 'm a HP fan , it 's a must -RRB- I am even more disappointed . I can not even get the game to run on Vista 64 Ultimate . EA has not been helpful in the least.My recommendation ? Even if it runs on your system , avoid this game like the plague , it 's Sominex on a disc -LRB- dull and snooz-worthy -RRB- . UPDATE : EA offered to give me their downloadable version to see if it works . It does not either . However , what did get it to work with Vista 64 , was the NOCD crack . The problem was n't the game , it was the copy protection . They offered to refund the amount I paid to Amazon and let me keep the free online -LRB- EA Store -RRB- copy , a much appreciated gesture . I refused , and explained I believe in paying for my games , sadly , it took a crack to play it.The game is boring , tearfully boring , not much fun in it . Frankly , it could have been much funner if the game followed the book rather than the movie . The movie did n't have much going for it and neither does the game . It 's tearfully boring , including the battle with Voldemort.It 's sad because the avatars look just like the actors in the movie and so does the castle and grounds . That part they nailed dead on .
 I think that this game has great fetures in all area 's but one that destorys all the fun and a good game . The wand acts as though its a bug or maybe its my mouse but I do not think so , for my mouse works well in many other games i have played . I had spent hours trying to cast a simple spells and on one quest to burn a root that Neville Longbottom where it had gone worng and just quit for the piss poor feture of the wand aiming is impossible and even when i was casting the spell over and over it would grow right back , even at one point I had got past the first two roots just to get stuck on two more that was next to impossible todo and your friends that helped you very little do to the small anle to cast the spell in the first roots for the next two they could not even cast do to poor area to move for them to help so I quit disapointed doto this and tryed to see if they had any patchs that may inprove the wand but No so another game like many other games with simuler poor control fetures . This is why most people wait untill the game is next to nothing to buy they are tired of waisting money on games that they never got to finish or not worth getting in the first place ...
 Once again EA creates a visually beautiful game that is unplayable . You spend most of your time running around trying to make the characters use spells with controls that are horrible . The first three games did n't have great graphics but did have ease of control and movement and were fun to play . Since then , with the release of Goblet of Fire and Order of the Phoenix , the games are very pretty but the ease of control and movement are terrible and the game play is frustrating . EA reached it 's highest point in HP series of games with Prisoner of Azkaban , its all been downhill from there . Do n't by this game it completely sucks .
 I probably will never know if the game is enjoyable or not because it simply will not load , and my Win XP system exceeds the specs that EA said are needed . EA tel support is nonexistent - after going through their automated call screener , you get a message announcing office hours , and that those offices are now closed for the day -LRB- even though it 's 11/2 hours prior to the stated closing time . -RRB- I see now why this product has been so heavilly discounted.Stick with one of the first 3 titles , buy GOF if you must , avoid OOTP like the plague !
 Not too goal directed . Too much running around without being positive of the purpose . Unable to discern the list of DA prospect and the mouse control for running is very `` loose '' all over the place bumping into the other characters , walls , staircases . Not enough to do and a lot of running long distances for little or nothing . Spells do not work well and are disjointed in selection . The first two games were fun , the last too ... not so much .
 This review is for the PC demo-version of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , Pro : Graphics is great , Sound is good , Cons : Like Goblet of Fire the control-sytem is not designed for PC , Here are list of problems :1 - keyboard and mouse not configurable ,2 - Can not use mouse to look around -LRB- ie control camera -RRB- .3 - When turning mouse gestures off , there is no other functions will be assigned to it .4 - The camera does not follow behind the character -LRB- it is not the familiar third person camera -RRB- . Bottom line : The control makes the game hard to play and take the fun out of it , My suggestion is try the demo before you buy it .
 I had bought this game , hoping it would be like the first 4 . -LRB- I loved the game , and never noticed any of the problems mentioned . Have n't played it since it came out though -RRB- This recent one though was ... horrible . You basically run around doing pointless chores , you have no camera control , and the health bar is gone . I found nothing that I liked and the game simply infuriated me . The controls are awful , Harry looked drunk every time I tried to move him , and I could n't get him to run in a straight line . The Attempts at casting spells were simply very hard to do as well . I really miss the previous games versions of simply pointing the wand at the object and viola , the spell is cast . And nothing held interest for me . I plan on just giving this game away . Perhaps the new one will be better ... . but , I highly doubt I shall buy it after this ... attempt at a game.This game was clearly not made with a computer in mind . What 's the point of pretty graphics when the game fails on catastrophic levels ?
 Beware ! This is a DVD-rom , NOT a CD-rom . YOUR COMPUTER MUST HAVE A DVD-ROM DRIVE TO PLAY THIS GAME . If your computer only has a cd-rom drive , you will be unable to install , let alone play , the game . I did not discover this until I tried to install it and the computer would not recognize that there was even a disc in the drive . I finally found out from EA 's telephone support line -LRB- I could n't find anything about this problem on their website -RRB- that it is unplayable on my computer .
 I had high hopes for this game because of the first three . I thought it would be mostly the same except hopefully better graphics . I was horrified . It is extremely difficult to walk or move in any direction . I found the wand almost impossible . I couldnt direct it , let alone cast a spell . It was not engaging despite the high quality graphics . I am sticking to the first three . They had horrible graphics , but the game sucked you in and it was fun to play . Do not buy this its a waste of money !
 Like most players of the PC versions of this series , I absolutely LOVED the first 3 games . But when all the reports of how horrible the controls and game play was for GOF I was sufficiently scared away from buying it . For months that is . I did eventually break down and bought the game cheap after it had been out for a while . Expecting the absolute worst , I was definitely surprised at how much I actually liked it . It was different from all the previous games and did require the use of a controller which I had to buy to play it properly . But I did find I was happy with the game . It 's because of that I did not wait for the reviews of OOTP but went ahead and preordered it . I just started playing it today , and I 'm already thinking about puting it up for sale.The controls on OOTP are absolutely TERRIBLE ! Even with a controller . It 's incredibly difficult to aim , cast a spell -LRB- especially Wingardium Leviosa -RRB- and even just to walk is a royal pain ! You ca n't even look up or down , at least I have n't found a way to.I tried using the keyboard after I found the controller so problematic , but that was even worse . So I went back to the controller.Aside from the controlls , the game play is at times choppy even on a really fast comp . The characters are not impressive , the attempt to digitize the original actors , does n't always work , like Hermione looks pretty bad . And watching the missmatched mouth movements on ALL the characters can make you cringe ! > _ < But I suppose I could overlook all of that if the game were engaging . Granted I 've only just started the game , and just got to the part where they have their first DADA Class , but so far I really have n't done anything . Swept a few patches of leaves and repaired a couple of things ... played a game of chess , and a card matching game aka `` Exploding Snap '' but that 's all . Maybe the game play picks up as you move along , but at this point in the other games , loads of stuff would have happened by now . Moaning Myrtle keeps appearing talking about all the cool things in a hidden room , but so far I have n't gotten the sense of any place to really explore . There are some doors still locked , but the game play is such I do n't even have the anticipation to know what 's behind them as I would in any of the other HP games.I 'll play some more on it , since I went and spent the money , but I definitely do n't see myself finishing this game as of right now.Maybe this game is more fun on a console , but looks like the HP series is dead on the PC . : -LRB-
 Welcome to the world of Harry Potter - Year 5 . You 've progressed from ordinary magic , and have begun to apprentice yourself to the castle 's infamous caretaker , Argus Filch . As such , you will complete the following chores : - Sweeping the courtyard - Mopping up puddles in not one , but * two * entrance-ways - Stacking wood in torches - Picking pears and putting them in baskets - Repairing pots - Lighting lamps - Making beds in the hospital wing - Pruning back overgrown devil 's snare plants ... and much , much more ! 50 % of the way threw the game , and this is all I 've found . You spend 90 % of your time completing random , pointless tasks that serve no higher purpose than to extend the total playtime of the game.The health bar found in previous versions of the Harry Potter gameverse has disappeared . Why ? Because there 's no need for one silly ! There 's nothing out there waiting to get you ... maybe some grime in the bottom of the Prefect 's Bathtub -LRB- which , thankfully , you do n't have to scrub ... or might , I would n't know , not having completed the * entire * game yet -RRB- , but certainly no dark lords!So here 's how I broke it down : Pros : - Interesting graphics , well-organized castle layout.Cons : - Endless chores that any muggle could do - Lack of actual , interesting discoveries that appeared in past versions - Bad camera angles -LRB- to the point of obstructing gameplay -RRB- with no way of adjusting them - Inability to adjust sound while in-game - Inability to adjust window size - No experience in-classWell ... the list goes on and on ... Avoid this title , there are certainly better ones out there . It 's obvious they made it like this to take advantage of the new Wii controller , but that technology is lost on a PC . -LRB- Most gestures just are n't the same . -RRB-
 I have been a fan of the Harry Potter game series since the beginning . While I quite enjoyed the first three games , the last two have been a let down . Firstly the biggest complaint I see is that the controls are awkward . I agree with this but when you are involved in the game it is easily looked over . The thing that really bothers me is the fact that if you are a person who has not read the book or seen the movie you will have no idea at all what is going on . Most times when an event happens it is assumed you already know the story . Nothing at all is explained and most things are left open-ended . There was no effort put into making the game understandable to those who have not read the book . Also in this version there are no classes to go to or mini-courses to complete , you just have a few O.W.L. challanges . If you are a fan , by all means buy this game , but if you have not followed the series , do n't waste your money .
 I loved the first three , of course . I was disappointed and angry enough to write my first review for the fourth and here we are at the fifth . I guess I just do n't understand gaming . I thought it was the fun of the adventure , not the expertise of the controls . I ca n't play it . If I could just get Harry to run in a straight line , I would be very very happy . I wo n't buy more of these games . I did n't grow up with gaming so my hand/eye coordination is not expert . I 'm not even sure if it were , if I could play the game . I 'm very disappointed . I even waited to read a couple reviews before I bought it . I confirmed it was an adventure game , not an action game , so I made the plunge . Com 'n now . Who can use the controls ? Oh , well . The graphics are well done . I agree the sound does n't coincide with mouth movements which can be very irritating but , hey , I 'm so irritated at my inability to move the characters , how can I be mad at EA for a synchronization problem ? If you 're good with controllers , you 'll probably like this game . I 'm not , sooooooo ...
 EA did n't exactly learn their lesson from the GoF . The control sucks ... while an improvment to GoF , it 's not worth buying .
 My daughter had been waiting and waiting for this game and was very disappointed when it would n't run . My husband and I tried everything we could do to get it to run and were ready to return it . I read lots of info on the internet and saw that we were not the only ones having difficulty . Eventually , a computer friend came over and spent about an hour getting it to work and my daughter loves it . However , I am very disappointed in EA for releasing a game that has such a big flaw in it . I 'm sure consumers would rather wait than get a product they ca n't use . We 'll wait longer and do more research before we buy another of their products .
 We have have had so many problems with this game that it has n't been worth the handful of times it has worked right . If you actually manage to get it working , you get so frustrated with trying to maneuver through it that you do n't end up having much fun.Save you money or buy games 1-3 .
 It seems that EA did not learn a thing from the user feedback about the 4th game , GOF . But I sure did ! I did not buy this game this time , but saw it from someone who did . I did not pre-order it and wait in anticipation like I did the previous times . Boy , an I glad ! It has the same problems as with the 4th game . Where was the joy and - yes , magic - from the first three games ? It does n't matter if your game has cool graphics if no one can play it comfortably on a PC with a mouse.Go away , EA ! Give the Harry Potter game contract to someone deserving of it .
 I bought this game because I thought Guns & Ammo magazine would put out a fun & realistic game on firearms and target shooting . BOY WAS I WRONG . The graphics and gameplay are terrible and all the guns look like a snub-nose revolver during play . While the `` informative '' articles are outdated and written in annoyingly small-type . I have a feeling that this `` game '' was delivered free to magazine subscribers a few years ago . All I can do is put this CD-ROM to good use as a beverage coaster !
 This game is LOADS of fun Awsome graphics , easy controls , cool music , fun missions , and virtualy bug free , -LRB- plus nukes , lots of fun -RRB- So why one star you ask ? INSTALLATION CODEthis game comes with a long code of number/letter mix DO NOT LOSE THIS !!!!!!! I just did and now i ca n't play the game.I do n't even know why NovaLogic made this dumb code.Bottom line - buy this game save the jumble of numbers and letters on the lower left hand corner of the jewl-case
 I was so excited when i ordered this game from amazon so i can play some of the old sonic classics , but i neva got a chance to because the game doesnt work . . Now its just collectin dust on top of my tv
 I thought i would like Sonic games and christmas last year i did . But the more i played this game the more boring it got . I couldnt figure out out how to save my game file . When i did save , i still had to start all over again ! The other problem i had , which might just might be me , is after a while of playing it when Sonic would go really fast , I got headaches . So i would stop playing . Just thinking about it gives me a headache . Maybe someday ill try it again and maybe it will be fun . Who knows . After playing it my views on Sonic has changed . I will probably never play this game again . If you want a good platformer Mario 's 2-D games are AWESOME and Super MArio 64 DS . I have yet to try Mega Man . It kinda looks likes Metroid -LRB- Not those Prime games which , i think , is a FPS game -RRB- but more kid friendly . Metroid Zero Mission and Super Mario World are much better buys then this boring game . You ever rarely even control SOnic . This makes a better rental .
 I just got my sonic collection in the mail ... Can i actually play this game or is this a greatest hits collection meaning we just watch them play it ! Hopes this does not sound too stupid ...
 The game plays itself , almost as if it 's in DEMO mode and I can not play it or figure out how to work it . I 'm not a total moron . If you go to the end of the list of games you can play a VERY low res version of this game . Glad I only paid $ 5 . It would cost more in shipping to return it then what it 's worth . I also contacted the seller and THEY WERE OF NO HELP TO ME AT ALL . Did n't even GET BACK to me .
 the game . is pretty , has acceptable graficos , is intersante but for my it has a terrible defect . it is handled single with the arrows of the control ... is extremely incomodo to handle . and it makes very slow for my taste ... quizas for somebody less interactive works well . at my parecio very slow ... by demas I arrive myself on time in excellent conditions ...
 I eargerly awaited this game , and when it came , put it into the drive ready to go . except it wouldnt work in my Mac ! there were some very minute illegible instructions on the disk about a mac-but I couldnt read them-even with new glasses.Needless to say , I was very dissapointed . and to be charged $ 4.95 for delivery that cost them under a dollar is a gyp !!
 I played the demo on my laptop . Now I would like to purchase it but can not find it anywhere . Is it available?Ora
 Ack , puh!That describes my view of the game . The graphics are nice , and there are some features not in previous versions of Civilization that were also cool , but after paying ... for the game , I have still never finished a game.It takes too long , it is too complex in some areas , and units/technologies become out-dated too quickly.If you are considering purchasing this game , DO N'T ! CTP2 is supposedly in the works , but better yet Civ III will be appearing some time next year .
 Activision dumped Civ creator Sid Meyer , then battled him in court for the Civilization name and , irrationally , won . They released this mediocre disimprovement of Civ 2 . It 's nothing more than the same game with a few extra types of each concept.Sid also lacks any serious creativity in his sequel , but at least his version , Alpha Centauri , has some big changes in it , like taking place on Alpha Centauri right after the Civ2 ship lands there , a natural sequel.What we really needed , of course , was the ability to manage a civilization which spanned multiple planets , both in maps on the surface and with trade/travel/war in the spaceways .
 Being a devotee of the Civ/CivII series from day one I eagerly awaited the next installment of this series . However I was sorely disappointed when the product arrived . The game is overly long , the units are beautifully rendered but do n't always provide benefit to the player -LRB- I 'm thinking of the less than useful Legion unit here -RRB- and there is never a sense of satisfaction when the game is finished . I have let this title gather dust and gone back to the classic Civ II while waiting for Civ III .
 I got this game when it first came out , played it , and it was great . A few games later you start to notice that the all mighty AI , is all very much predictable . To a historical sence ... . when my phalanx are able to fight along side my space marines . . it just kinda throws the game off . There is no option in the game to update units that have been deemed obsolete . So you can either send them off to battle to die or disband them . Either way , they will be marked up as a loss on the score card . If you are thinking of buying it , please have a system far beyond what they recommend . I have a P366 w / 32 MB of RAM and when my civilization reaches about 20 billion people , it crawls . To give you an examble , I can end a turn and go take a shower . Overall , it is good for about 10 games .
 This game is dumb . I played it non stop for a long time trying to figure what the heck it was about . This was the first Civilization game i 've ever played and the last . It really does n't make sense . Instead of armies , you have one unit that conquers a city . You have no part in the battles , you just build stronger units and whoever has more and better units wins . There is no strategy in this game whatsover because all you do is try and keep the other civs in the game happy with you , build good units , and build stuff . And it is too easy after you play it a few times . I mean , if you build a city in the begining of your game , your ranking soars up . The ranking system has no basis either . Another thing is that the civilizations are not specific . If you are the Americans , you can build samuris , legions , and all these wonders like the sphinx . Each of the Civilizations is the same and have no weakness or strengths . The ages go buy too fast to . Units can be obsoleted with one turn , and its annoying whenever you build a new city past the renisance age , you have 2 build all of these things that have already been outdated . So if your looking to play god or play a good strategy game , get The Sims or Age of Empires II !
 I was very disappointed with this game . The graphics are a step up , but the new klunky interface detracts from playability , even once you get used to it . My biggest gripe is that the technology tree was n't expanded , but rather completely replaced . While this contributes somewhat to a new , fresh game , the elimination of key technologies and their functional replacement by other , more esoteric ones detracts from the realism possessed by its predecessors . Those happy with the improvements in graphics , units , technologies , and user interface Civilization II boasted over the original will be seriously disappointed if you 're looking for the same in this title . I 've already stopped playing Call to Power , but I still play Civ II occasionally , for what that says .
 Why did n't I just read the packaging and put it down . No , I had to go and buy it . I played Civ II once , Alpha Centauri two or three times , and now Call to Power ... well , I did n't make it through the tutorial.One word ... ZZZZZZZZZZZ !
 This game is just CivII with a new coat of paint . The game is boring , the AI of the computer is weak . I do n't recomend it to anyone . The tech support on the web didn ' y solve any of my install problems that I had . When I called ech support I got the `` Is your computer pluged in ? '' line of questions that got me no where .
 Civilization , Call to power had the potential to be a good game . The graphics are an improvement from the original civilization , the wonder videos are cool and the units are well detailed but there is nothing spectaculer . And to be honest its got some major problums . The 3 foremost being the combat , the controls and the way they use turn based stratagy . The combat is just all the units lineing up next to each other and slashing -LRB- or shooting as the case may be -RRB- at each other . You have no control over your men whatsoever . The problum with the controls are that the units are so hard to control that many times you click them into the wroung places . Also the computer moves you around to diferent units as you pass by with the curser . You may have to play the game to get what I mean . The biggest mistake in the game is makeing it a turn based stratagy . It takes way to long to move each unit from place to place . It may have been better if the units had more movement points but as it is now the game takes like 5 to 6 hours to complete . Who has that much time to play a computer game ? There are other problums . Like the fact the computer cheats . Or the fact the computerized charectors go from loving you 1 minute to the next attacking you . Or the fact that the charectors are not like they say they should be . For instince can you imagine how frustrating it is to be attacked by your former allie Gande . Remember non-violent-protests ? It seems like the people who programed this did not pass the sixth grade . Baisicly this is a game that could have been good if the people who made it had put some thought into it before desighning it . But as it is stick as far , far , away from this game as possable .
 This game is a VERY VERY poor follow on in the Civilization genre . All they did was make the game more turns -LRB- and therefore more tech adv -RRB- . They added a number of sub rosa attacks . User Interface was tough to get used to for moving units . -LRB- I often ended up clicking a unit into a long move series ... -RRB- Finally , the end game graphics stunk ... In fairness , their trade model is better , as well as the tile improvements model -LRB- no more enigneers/settlers -RRB- . They kept capitalization and infrastructure -LRB- from Civ II -RRB- . Very good is the ability to save a production queue to use later.Go to the Alpha Centauri page now and buy that instead .
 As a serious addict of the previous Civilization games , I was really looking forward to this one . Unfortunately , the user interface is so agonizingly slow and unwieldy that I 've never been able to muster the patience to get past the medieval era . Their main priority seems to have been beautifying the look of the screen -LRB- and they even failed at that , in my opinion -- the graphic design is pretty cheesy -RRB- , but as a side-effect they made the game unplayable . There is no excuse for software that takes a 10 - or 20-second disk access to bring up a menu on the screen . Even making allowances for the fact that my PC is slightly out of date , the graphics are just really hard to make out visually , especially the teensy-weensy icons of military units that show up on the dashboard . I eventually started getting used to the hard-to-read map and the confusing , multi-layered controls , but they were a big barrier to getting started . The whole timeI just kept wishing for the old interface . To be fair , they have made an effort to automate some of the repetitive tasks , but at the same time they cut down on the number of user actions by 30-40 % , they made the user interface so crusty that every action takes literally 10 times longer to accomplish .
 If you 've played Civlization or Civlization II , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! It is an unworthy successor and almost unrecognizable as a Civ game . While the graphics may be better -LRB- and slower -RRB- , the entirely new format for managing cities and battles is annoying . For example , one new feature is grouping multiple units into armies . This grouping seems cool at first but quickly becomes cumbersome . Perhaps if I 'd never played another Civilization before , I would appreciate A Call To Arms more . However , as it stands , Call To Arms is inferior.SUGGESTED ALTERNATE
 This game calls its civilizations `` races '' and has slavery as a prominet part of the game , but there is the abolition eventually . It does not feel like a successor to Civilization II . The wonders of the world are all new , as is the technology tree . The interface is new , and you can not use a keyboard to move units . I did not care much for its supposedly improved graphics over Civilization II , I did not see that much improvement , and by now the graphics are not cutting edge anyway.There are too many new units and cumbersome rules associated with them . The cursed televangelist keeps popping up out of nowhere , converting cities and eating into your empire 's resources . The lawyer hides just as you are about to move a military unit to kill him . Building cities in space and under water may sound like a lot of fun and a novelty compared to the two original Civilizations . But playing at lower levels , this wo n't be interesting , becuase you will learn how to crush your opponents before acquiring the technology for underwater and space construction ; at higher levels , the game becomes too difficult and too cluttered with units and characters to persevere with marine and space existence . The only real improvement over Civilization II is that governments are more stable during war . In Civ II , if you wanted to wage a serious war , you had to install monarchy or fundamentalism , or your government would collapse . Bottom line
 Luckily I did not buy this game myself -- I merely tested it on a friend 's machine . Civ II is one of the most replayable games in computer history ; this is one of the least , assuming you can even get through a single game . The designers looked at Civ II and stuck to the old motto of America `` MORE IS BETTER ! '' So , they added more units , more governments , more improvements , more wonders , more screens , more subscreens , more tasks , more ... This game gets bogged down incredibly quickly . Some of the units are fantastically powered -LRB- like the Slaver -RRB- ; some are not even worth buying -LRB- pity the poor Spy and Leviathan -RRB- . Trying to take out an opponent is next to impossible . Trying to create a viable empire is next to impossible . What you end up with is a VERY long game to no particular purpose , other then mere repetitions of the previous turns . History has become dull ... Do not bother with this game.This is NOT Civilization .
 With all the great reviews that this game recieved , and having a passion for the previous editions of Civilization , i decided this was a must have software.After the 50 years you spend trying to figure out how evrything works , you start to feel the passion for the game , but It is not like the other ones . It is too complicated and too complex , it takes the fun out of the game . The other versions , were simpler and more straight forward . They tried to make this one so good , that they ended up screwing up the game . Buy Civilization 2 , it is cheaper and better than this one .
 I was -LRB- and remain -RRB- an avid Civ 2 player , so I was pretty excited when CTP came out with its promise of new units and graphics and concepts . I have to say I 'm disappointed . This game just has too much going on , and the confusion of it sucked any of the fun out of it for me . I give it two stars for ambition -LRB- honestly , some of the government types and diplomacy options move in the right direction -RRB- but nothing for the fun factor . New units like Evangelist and Slaver make you more mad than anything , and this multiple unit war stuff did n't seem to make much sense.I also do n't like the new interface . In this game you have the opportunity to control your whole civilization from one screen -LRB- as opposed to individual city screens in Civ 2 -RRB- but I never really know if I 'm doing well or not . I may have , say , 150 production , but what does that mean ? I miss shields and stacks of grain , at least I knew if I was producing what I needed or not.Ah well , a bold attempt that trips itself with complexity . Stick with Civ 2 and wait for Civ 3 . Not much fun to be had here .
 This is the worst CIV game out there . They changed the interface so drasticly that it is no longer any fun . They renamed all the wonders and lots of the technologies and worst of all , it does n't feel like a civ game . This game may have good graphics , but thats it . It is way to complicated . My settelers ca n't even bulid roads . The AI ai n't great and they always appear early . Get Civ 2 and pray Activision does n't touch the CIV license agian
 Well , I must say that I was really disappointed by this game ! I got my hands on it as soon as it became avayable . Having played for interminable hours with the original Civilization game I had great expectations from this title . In the end it really turned out to be one of the worst sequels ever!The MAYOR SHORTFALLS ARE
 Not only is this game severely limited and restricted in terms of gameplay but the huge clumsly trucks are hardly the best kind of vehicles to be racing in.King Of Route 66 is one of the most linear , non-interactive games I have ever played . The racing locations are lifeless , the trucks are cumbersome and hard to control , you only get to choose between 3 different trucks to begin with , there 's way too much repetition and zero excitement.Racing games , by their very nature , are kind of limited in what is possible but this is the worst . Get GTA
 What a let down ... . The intro is horrible , its a mix of `` in game '' replays , all blocky and no real videos of players . Then the game graphics is just AVERAGE . LOW FRAME RATE . The fielding , throwing , running , and all the motions are done well , looks very realistic . The replay is cool . However for some reason the game just seems CHOPPY.The sound is bad , the ping or pong or sound of connecting the bat to the baseball is cheapy . The broadcasters are cool especially Rex `` The Wonder Dog '' Hudler , LOL , its a trip hearing his voice every time , this is one of the good things . Then when you start a game , it shows the players warming up on the field up close and the game starts , there is NO picture shot of the stadium ! HUGE let down here . Then when you are fielding , the game goes back to `` normal '' game mode in 2 secs after the fielding is `` done '' . So you CA N'T run around and check out the stadium in 360 fashion , since there is no stadium pics of any kind , you do n't get to know the stadiums on this game ! It fails to deliver `` cool I can check out how the stadiums are , '' FORGET it ! Then all the players looks the same , same thickness except for minor different stances . The player faces are mostly wrong except for few players which sega concentrated on.The roster system is bad , after you make trades you ca n't set batting orders except during starts of each new game , and often the game says that you have `` illegal roster -LRB- s -RRB- '' and you have to `` fix '' them but one click of the button , very confusing cuz you dont know `` what happened '' to your team rosters and the manual dont help . The camera option is super horrible , you can only toggle pitcher/batter view for 1player vs computer games and NOT for 1player vs 1player . Basically after a baseball is hit the TV screen switches to the field view and the TV screen goes back to the normal game view in 2 secs , and since there is NO camera option for fielding , all you see is hit and field part , you dont ever get to see the ENTIRE ball travel ; Also as a fielder you dont get to see the ball `` coming '' at you . The gameplay is decent . Overall this game is very average verging on crab cake . This is is even worse than some PS one baseball games such as the sony one . I made the wrong choice by not buying EA one ...
 This game was a major dissapointment . I 'm a huge franchise fan and spend at least as much time dealing with that aspect as actually playing the on-field game . The franchise in WSB 2K3 is a big dissapointment . They 've added a coaches aspect in which you need to hire a manager , pitching & hitting coaches and a scout . All the people are fictitious and it 's really more of a nuisance than anything.Gameplay itself is a nightmare . It is produced in a way that makes it look a little more like a TV broadcast than other games , but the positives end there . The players move very stiffly , the graphics are shoddy and the pitching interface is less than intuitive.Don ' t waste your time - All Star Baseball 2004 is a far superior game .
 Ok , I 'll tell you why this is a bad baseball game . First , the graphics are not to great . Almost all of the players look the same and do n't even look like the players in real life . The stadiums are not great either . I only rented this game once and I got tired of playing this game after two days . I do n't know why people like Sega Sports games because they are not good at all . A good thing about this game that I liked were the rosters , because they are the most updated . Also there are not a lot of features in this game as in other baseball games . This game is not worth -LSB- money -RSB- . Before buying it I would rent this game . I think the best baseball game would be AllStar Baseball 2004 . If you are a real baseball fan , get this game . I already have this game and it is the best baseball game I ever played . The graphics are great , the gameplay is great , and there are so many more features than any baseball game ! Do n't hesitate to buy this game and if you do n't buy it , you will regret it .
 This could be the worst baseball game I have ever played I could n't even get through the first game . It is that bad . Do yourself a favor and do n't get this game . Get All Star Baseball 2004 instead . You will thank me for it .
 Do not buy this game ! Repeat -- do n't waste your money!While it 's fairly detailed and pretty graphically -- it has gamekilling bugs and outrageously bad interface issues.First off , the fielding is an absolute mess ! A ball hit to the outfield often reveals just a screen of grass and the ball with only an arrow pointing off screen to what is supposedly your pre-selected player . That should be the fielder closest to the ball . Theoretically . Unfortunateley , none of that may be true . After what seems to be an interminable wait , your selected guy may appear , but often , a non-selected fielder may jump in and grab the ball from the opposite side anyway before you even get there ! Huh?A foul-pop was snatched by the unselected pitcher even though I ran my selected catcher over directly under it with plenty of time . Huh ? Bugs , bugs , and more bugs.There is lierally no logic or reason to the incredibly slow fielder retrieval process . You 'll find yourself time after time with your man crawling after balls deep in the field . They can get only balls hit right to them , and then the above-mentioned insane selection bug/process makes things confusing and frustrating.Add to that numerous fielding bugs -LRB- fielders running in the opposite direction and jumping against the wall when you direct them towards a routine single pickup/Announcers calling the wrong score/etc -RRB- and this game devolves into a complete joke of a product.I do n't mind a few graphic glitches if they do n't affect outcomes -- but this game 's serious bugs and crazy fielder selection/playmaking schemes rendered my game vs. my friend nothing but a frustrating , infuriating disaster . And we 've played a lot of baseball games , and design games for a living.Strongly recommend against this game -- Sega should be ashamed of itself for shipping a half-completed non-debugged poorly executed product .
 This game is sooo bad . The makers of the game went to so much trubble to include extensive attributes for all players but once the game starts , all the players run atthe same speed , all the batters have the same shot at a HR , all the balls hit are of the same trajectory and all the pitchers throw there own pitches at same velocity . -LRB- Example - Pedro 's fastball is always 93,94 -RRB- I 'm not the kind of person who usually gets on the computer to complain but I feel that this game is so over rated that anyone considering buying it should know these things first .
 There 's much to be said about the good things in this game , the beautiful graphics , the variable AI sliders -LRB- High Heat anyone ? -RRB- , and the franchise mode , but here 's my problem , and I 've verified with other gamers that I 'm not alone here . This game has a killer bug in franchise mode that can make your entire franchise worthless . I was headed into September and on the verge of making a great run for the postseason when I suddenly encountered a bug that caused the game to freeze up everytime I tried to play past a certain date . When this happens , there 's no way of salvaging the season as the file has become corrupted . You have to start a brand new season over again . Talk about a turning someone off to a game . I promptly sold the game away because of this . The frustrating thing is that it does n't necessarily happen to everyone , but it 's happened to several people I 've talked to in various forums . So while this game is still fun on several fronts , it 's still a risk if you choose to invest in a season.I think this game is comparable to ASB2K4 , except for that darned bug !
 I recently had a housefire , almost everything was ruined , including my pc games . I moved back in and now i bought the game again and i love it ! This game is the best . If ur looking for a sweet game , this is one ! OHMYGOD MY PET GOLDFISH DIED AND NOW I MUST EAT RED MEAT ! OHMYGOD
 The description for this game stated it was for the PS3 , however it did not work for that system . A huge disappointment for my grandson !
 I was excited to get this controller for Halo . It did n't take that long to get used to , and it did feel very comfortable for slayer matches in Halo . However , after about one week I noticed that the buttons on the bottom would sometimes get `` stuck '' , meaning I had to press them very firmly in order to change weapons or jump . This did get in the way of gameplay at some points . After one more week of use , probably less than 10 hours total playing time with this controller , the right trigger broke while playing Halo . The plastic snapped and the whole controller stopped working . Very disappointing . I returned it the next day and no longer recommend this cheaply made controller .
 If you are a fan of the Evil Dead series you will probably get this game . But do n't think that it will be awsome.The storyline of the game is pretty cool but the gameplay is very bad . The controling to the game can sometimes be difficult . This game seems like it was rushed.When you have killed a zombie and keep on moving then comes the same zombie you just killed . It is non stop action . But it starts to get quite boring after a half an hour of playing . Most of the missions in the game are quite tedious . The graphics are n't that good either.The only cool thing about it is that Bruce Cambell provides his voice for the game . He gives a couple of his cheesy one liners from the three movies . Overall i would not recomend this game to you because it ai n't fun .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Graphics -2 / 10 . look like a PSX game with its choppy , blurry graphics . The charatcer blends in with the background so hes VERY hard to see.Sound-3 / 10 . Ever hear Atari ? Souns WORSE.Control-6 / 10 . The controls are decent , X to do the attacks , and the D button to walk.Gameplay-1 / 10 . Very repetative . Same thing over and over.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 For starters , this is my brother 's game , but I tried it out for like , fifteen minutes , before I got so bored I turned it off . This game is a pointless shoot 'em up where all you do is run around shooting this or sawing that . It 's entertaining for a little bit watching the zombies fall apart at the hands -LRB- or blades -RRB- of Ash 's chainsaw . But it 's only a matter of time before the gameplay becomes so redundant you have no will to continue playing because all you do is chop stuff up -LRB- and what 's with the strip clubs everywhere ?! -RRB- . There ARE spells that attempt to add some depth to the game , but when the day is over , you 're left with the same shoot and slash garbage you started with when you turned the game on . Anyone into these kind of games should check out the Hunter games instead . They have better variation in weapons , and you can play with a friend . I would not recommend this game to ANYONE unless they 're a die hard fan of the Evil Dead series .
 I 'm a big evil dead fan and really wanted to play one of these games big time . What I found was a decent waste of time and not much more . I really wonder how in the world some of these people rated this game so high . Lets start with the pros shall we . It 's fun to play ash a video game version of ash finally , a large arsenal of weapons , easy controls to master , you can us both hands to use weapons and combos and spells for ash to use . and plenty of enemies for you to fight.The cons . The graphics are really not that great for an xbox game and look worse than some dreamcast games . The music is n't bad , but nothing that 's really worth listening to , most of the weapons are just stronger version of what you have already and you really do n't need them . I 've really just used my regular boomstick for most of the game . Some more innovative weapons would have been cool . The gameplay gets really same old same old after a bit . Some more varied game play would have been nice . You ca n't skip some of the cut scenes which is n't a problem most of the time , but got irritating when I died a few times fighting a boss character . The spells are n't worth bothering with except for a puzzle here and there . Would have been cool if they were more useful and played into the gameplay more . The stages are n't bad , but do n't really seem to to fit a game based on a horror film . The game should have been darker like resident evil or silent hill and had stages more like those games . And how many times am I going to fight the same enemies in the game . Could have used more monsters to fight.In all I 'd say a decent game for people who like hack and slash games or hardcore evil dead fans , but does n't really take advantage of the evil dead property . This could easily have been a game about pretty much any character and been the same . A average game worth about 10 bucks . Not horrible , but nothing to write home about either .
 Evil Dead
 When I saw the cover of Murakumo in my local Electronics Boutique , I thought it was going to be a combination of Robotech and the Armored Core series for Playstation . However I was disappointed.After the second level I just stoped playing . Not to ruin it for someone interested in buying it still , but you just go on these dumb missions where you chase after a weak machine called an A.R.K. It 's pretty cool to be flying over skyscrapers and underneath the city chasing these things at Fast and The Furious type speeds , but it starts to make me feel like I 'm watching a dog chase a frisbee . If that makes any sense , I do n't know . That 's just the way I feel.Whoever made this game did n't put much thought into it , so as a consumer do n't put much thought into investing your hard to earn cash on it . Just wait 6 months for the price to go down or , better yet , rent it to see if I 'm lying .
 I guess I should be thankful that I only spent $ 5 on this game . This pathetic , poorly constructed game is n't worth the disc it 's printed on . It 's certainly faster-paced than MechAssault , the game it obviously wants to imitate , but it has none of MechAssault 's plot , superior controls , or quality gameplay . Instead it has : -- A terribly realized premise . Basically , you barrel across a cityscape in pursuit of various targets , which tend to be lost in the backgrounds and are at best hard to see , target , or destroy . -- Awful controls . Try to manage all of them while screaming across the skyline and racing against time . -- Zero logic . What 's the point ? You kill enemy mechs amidst various skylines . There 's no plot to advance , no storyline , no premise . It wo n't even work as a mindless shooter , because after a while it becomes tedious and boring.What else is there to say ? To date , the worst game I 've played on XBox , and a major disappointment from the usually reliable Ubi Soft .
 I bought this game and was bored of it after 20 minutes . I highly recomend not buying this game .
 I was very excited about trying out what I had heard was one of the best games of the year . And popping into the PS2 for the first time , I was VERY impressed . The graphics are stunning , especially the lighting and night-vision . But once you start playing the game , it 's completely linear . Every mission needs to be completed exactly the same way . Why bother playing it again ?
 Before actually playing it , I was planning on buying it anyways , because of all the good reviews it had gotten , but thank God I played it at a store because it really did n't please me at all . In the stealth-action genre , no game , and I mean no game at all , can even come remotely close to the entertainment that the Metal Gear Solid series provides . The gameplay in Splinter Cell is quite unique , but there are weird things that you have to do like when you pick locks , you may be stumped , sitting there for 30 minutes trying to figure out how to pick the thing.To say I 've seen better does not do my feelings justice . In fact , I think that I 'll go dig out my copy of Metal Gear Solid -LRB- the first one ! -RRB-
 Actually i thought it -LSB- was unacceptable -RSB- , from camera agles to story . Control was good , buy hey playstation always controls good .
 This a Tom Clancy game ? - haaaa ! Sam Fisher is a nerdbrain gothboy who is like 54 years old and look at his ghay green googles.The game is boring ! the guards wo n`t even look for you they investigate than go back to their posts where as in MGS the guards look for Snake/Raiden or Big Boss for a while and soemtimes even change their patrol posts.MGS OWNZ SC in Gameplay and Story-So what if SC is more realistic thats all SC has on MGS.I have all three mjr systems apart from XB 360 and i reckon that if MGS were a `` Xbox ONLY '' title-It would blummin ` cut up Splinter Cell-XBox fanboys only USE SC to go head2head with MGS not that they thinks its great.I bet if both series were multi-platform MGS would WIN!XBox has much better games than this piece of `` Sh ** '' like Far Cry , HALO , HL2 and so on.UbiSoft and Clancy should trash SC and make a more reasonable stealth game that entertains me and LOADS of other people and not choke with this realistic krap-Far Cry is realistic BUT FUN at the same time aswith Metal gear and i EVEN LIKE Hitman over Splinter Cell ! - i liked SC at first-SCPT was my first stealth game it was fun but when i tried MGS-it just got lame , these are the order of Stealth games which i adore :-LRB- ... -RRB-
 Having played Splinter Cell on both PC and PS2 , I must say that I am quite disappointed with the PS2 edition . The original Splinter Cell was released on XBox , with the PC version coming released next and the PS2 port later . Ubisoft have added a few levels for the PS2 , probably to increase the value and playability . That seriously confused the hell out of me at first : -RRB- However , with all these additionals , the plot seems to have taken a hit somewhere . The intro movie on the PS2 version shows some pretty action packed stuff but the plot as the game unfolds does n't seem to bear it out . Techwise , the PS2 version is also less detailed than the PC version , with some of the maps shrunk slightly or having lesser enemies to contend with on some stages . The framerate also takes a hit at strange times , when there is very little happening onscreen . Unfortunately , quality issues seem to be the trend with recent PS2 ports from XBox/PC -LRB- think Max Payne 2 -RRB- . Overall , the game is not bad if it 's your first introduction to the action stealth genre . But if given a choice , I would take Tenchu
 If you have the new ` Sony PS2 ' - model number #SCPH -50001 , you are not compatible to play ` Intec ' -LRB- code cheats -RRB- , Intec is selling a disc to ` unlock cheats ' , for the PS2 , the catch is if you have a new Sony PS2-model number #SCPH -50001 , your not compatible to use their disc 's . Take a look on the back of your console , its simple , take a look , if the model number is #SCPH -50001 , your not compatible to use their disc 's period . Intec web site : -LRB- codejunkies.com -RRB- ...
 pros
 If you do n't do a task EXACTLY as the game wants you to , you are stopped and must start over again . No room for even small errors or exploring the game . This game takes patience and time , of which I have but not to the degree expected . Did n't finish the game . Prefer Hitman 2
 The only reason I bought this game was someone told me it was better than MGS . Men he was wrong ! This game its not bad , but it doesnt get any better than MGS . The story line doesnt have any real peacks as it does in MGS . I did n`t like it .
 This game may have next generation graphics , but the guys arm still goes through the wall . The stealth part is dumb because you can be hiding in pitch dark blackness with your goggles and cell phone alight and a guy right in front of you but he wont notice . you dont shoot anybody and if you do you have to hide the body , i found that really neat , but you never shoot anybody . if you are seen you will die . you will die because the `` bad guys '' have automatics and you have a dinky little pistol . All-in-all this game is boring
 its the best game ever GIVE ME A BREAK ! PLEASE ITS THE WORST SPY GAME EVER BOTTOMLINE IS DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY
 This has got to be the worst game I have ever played . 1st the graphics are horrible 2nd the missions are relly hard I got stuck on this mission were I am on the boat and there is nowhere to go . You will find yourself doing one mission over and over again till you finally want to take an ax to your ps2.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this game .
 First off , this is NOT a Tom Clancy as we 've come to know Tom Clancys . I remeber Rainbow Six all the way up to Rougue Spear and have deducted that they are stealth based , team oriented , action games . This is a single man , stealth based game that is more linear and trying to hide than anything I 've ever seen.The beuty of Clancy games is the open endedness of them all . This game has one way to complete it , but the small things can change like
 This game had absoloutely no action at all . Every time you ever got into a gunfight , you will always loose because the other guy has a huge loud machine gun , and you have a tiny silenced pistol . This game is based on stealth , and there are hidden security cameras EVERYWHERE so you ca n't see them . You have to keep playing the level , and keep getting spotted until eventually , after about 50,000 tries , get an IDEA of where the damn thing is hidden ! And plus , you have these amazingly bright glowing night vision goggles , and even when you hide in shadows , the guy ca n't see you even though there 's freakin headlights attatcked to your helmet ! SHEESH ! Evey noise you make , quiet or loud , gets a guard 's attention , and their moves are not predictable . While you are sneaking up on them , you never know which way they turn , so you have such a slim chance of grabbing him around the neck and interrogating him . The levels are sooooooooo long it 's ridiculous , and there are only 2 types of guns in the entire game which is 12 levels , i -LSB- think ... !!! -RSB- Ammo is scarce , you ca n't take any guards ' guns or ammo , you have to find ammunition in secret areas , or just do n't use your gun the entire level.This gamme -LSB- is not good -RSB- . If you are going to buy it , I would seriously think of reconsidering or wait a few months ... , or simply just rent it or buy it used . If you are willing to waste money , buy this game .
 This game is incredibly linear with pretty much only one way to do things . In a stealth game that means doom in my opinion.Graphics are fine but that is really all it has going for it . The AI are completely unpredictable as people have said . Not in a , oh they 're acting human unpredictable , but as in one person may be standing right next to you and not see you , while a person far away will be shooting at you.I find that the storyline is based around whatever level designs people decided on , rather then levels based around storyline . For example , the first level the guy directing you is telling you to stay off the street because you want to avoid the cops . But you really ca n't even get to the streets , they 're all blocked off by gates . Then later on he takes it back after you travel rather randomly through a building and tells you you can go where ever . BUT you can only go on the streets due to the limitations of the game.And what is with the random ziplines?If you like stealth games I would seriously recommend purchasing either Thief 1 or Thief 2 , or both . I can not vouch for three as I have never played it , but the first two are pure gold in stealth.Thief Bundle
 I hate it.i just hate it.people say its good and that made me go and buy it immediately ... rent it before u rent it.i am sure u will be dissapointed.go to get metal gear solid instead of this ...
 NOT FOR EVERYONE . I found it very boring , tedious , and unmotivated . Graphics are good , but the game is not fun . I found myself forcing me to play it just because I payed to rent it . TRY BEFORE YOU BUY !! Get Matrix/Kingdom Hearts/NBA Street Vol . 2/or Something else instead .
 I am listed as having `` purchased '' this game when in fact I only ordered it ! Where is it ? Do n't be charging me until it is shipped , please !
 Everyone and anyone , do not not rent or bye the this game . It may sound good , look good , bot it is not . If you have anything that at all resembles intelligence , you eill not get this game . The sound is terrible , weapons are unrealistic , and it is just plain boring .
 Coming from someone who spent lots and lots and lots of time playing the excellent Gallop Racer 1 and owns both games ... at best , Gallop Racer 2001 is a disappointment . The overall graphics of the Playstation version were more impressive for the system , especially now since ` in the strech ' the background now blurs instead of the horse actually moving faster , so you do n't get the feeling of rallying and leaving the pack as much , the center of focus is the jockey 's overly rounded and large behind , but the backgrounds are cleaner and more crisp . The new betting mode is a flop since it can only be used when you watch a race , and only first player can bet , and scores are n't cumulative or able to be saved . Tecmo has also given it a very Japanese game feeling with the addition of the completely unnecessary navigator girl . The only improvement is buying a horse in season mode , since you can now specify the charateristics you want . Congrats , Tecmo ! This is the biggest system switch-over/sequel tragedy since Tecmo Bowl came to Playstation . Lesson learned
 It seems that Konami just ca n't bring the richness of the old 2D Castlevania games to life as a 3D game . First `` Lament of Innocence '' -LRB- LoI -RRB- presented us with a lackluster 3D rendering of the Castlevania series , and now `` Curse of Darkness '' -LRB- CoD -RRB- follows in its footsteps . For those who remember the old side-scroller Castlevania games , you 'll remember that there were a lot of little details that made the game a visual feast . As you made your way through Dracula 's castle , haunted paintings would come to life , the spirit of a watchman wept for his dog when you slew it , and ghostly dancers would spiral about in a macabre pirouette as you made your way through a ballroom.With CoD , you get none of that . While the graphics themselves are respectable , the level designs are fairly bland and straightforward . In fact , it 's pretty obvious where the collision boundaries lie , because there is absolutely no interaction with the environment - aside from smashing a singular kind of sconce for money , hearts , and other goodies . So in a cave there may appear to be an interesting alcove here and there , but your character ca n't even approach it because it 's past the collision boundary set for the room . There are some visual effects , like rays of moonlight filtering through windows ... but there are none of the spooky little details gamers have come to love from Castlevania games . Overall , the level designs are linear and boring , which often makes it a chore to have to backtrack through them once you get an `` Innocent Devil '' -LRB- ID -RRB- that allows you to access a new section of an area you previously fought through . Overall the animation on the characters in the game is good , but the CGI sequences are somewhat stiff looking , despite some decent rotoscoping used to convey the characters ' body language.In CoD , you 'll be able to pick up raw materials left by enemies and forge them into new weapons and armor . While this sounds cool , the end result is n't much different than finding new weapons , and can sometimes lead you into trouble if you have n't saved your game recently . Occasionally you 'll find some special materials that lead you to believe that you 'll be able to use them to forge some dynammite weapons . Unfortunately , while this is sometimes true , at other times you wind up forging something silly like a frying pan , squeaky hammer , broomstick , or cowboy hat . The large diversity of weapons is basically an add-on , and not really of much use . For the most part , you 'll probably find yourself working your way up the fairly decent ladder of swords . There are also axes , spears , `` knuckle '' weapons like claws , and special weapons which are sometimes useful , and other times more silly garbage . As a result , you 'll get some good items as you progress , but also wind up carrying around a lot of extra , useless items that simply clutter up your inventory . Finding new weapons would have been a lot more straightforward , as the combining system seems forced , awkward , and ultimately pointless.Likewise , you also forge your Innocent Devils . Most of them look fairly uninteresting , and a few of them look downright silly . Your nemesis , Issac , parades around with a fairly impressive looking devil in many of the CGI sequences , but you get stuck with throwbacks from The Wizard of Oz . At times these IDs prove handy . In fact , one of the IDs ... the silliest looking of them all ... can take out the first form of the final boss in almost 2 hits !! But , a lot of the time they just get in your way , blocking the view by flying in front of the camera and such . Also , there are moderately extensive evolution trees for your IDs.Your IDs evolve by collecting `` Evo Crystals '' that are dropped by slain enemies . The kind of crystal dropped depends on the weapon you are using . Different crystals will make the IDs evolve in different ways . The problem is that while there are many combinations to evolving an ID , they require you to fight through levels over and over simply to gain enough crystals -LRB- generally between 40 and 90 -RRB- to evolve your ID . This would n't be a problem if the levels were n't uninteresting and the battles were n't repetitive . But , as a result of the bland design and uninteresting combat , you probably wo n't care enough about the game to want to evolve your IDs in all of the ways possible.Another problem comes from the fact that the leveling system is like an experience point-based RPG system . As you gain EXP , you level up and with your level increase comes raises in hit points , damage , defense , etc. . You can get up to level 99 , but by the time you 're close to the end of the game , you 'll only be around level 50 or 60 without any real `` grinding '' -LRB- fighting simply for EXP , not to progress the game -RRB- . This creates a problem in relation to the relative ease of the game . For the most part , the monsters and bosses are no real challenge regardless of what level you 're at . You just dodge their attacks and hit back when you can and you beat them in no time . In later levels , you may get so sick of bashing the same monsters over and over that you 'll just run past them and not worry about fighting them.That is ... . until the final boss . The final boss has two forms and deals a LOT of damage in the second . While there are a few useful odds and ends dropped here and there for healing items , the kinds of healing items you can actually purchase are almost worthless . You can only find one or two healing items that fully recharge your health . The ones you can buy will give you 200 to 50 HP back . The added problem is you can only carry 3 to 5 of these , so your healing ability is VERY limited if you 've been using special healing items through the game instead of hoarding them for the very last boss.So , the problem this creates is that the game is very easy until the very end . Then it is so hard that you 'll almost have to level up to 99 just to have a fighting chance . By this time , however , you probably will be so sick of the game that you wo n't care about beating it and will just be glad to wash your hands of it.Fortunately , you can find the ending CGI sequence on YouTube so that you 're not forced to fight the final boss if you 're just sick of it.It 's a pity . The Castlevania series was such a rich tapestry of gothic details in the 2D games , but seems to have become just a watered-down vaguely horror-based button masher in its 3D incarnations . Seriously , Nightmare Creatures was a better gothic game than any of the 3D Castlevania games to date .
 I was really looking forward to this game . Lament of Innocence was fun , but just , well , lacking in several departments . CoD appeared to have the same graphics engine , but they added back in more of the role playing elements , and it appeared to have more Symphony of the Night type attributes , so I thought it would be a step up -LRB- if a small one -RRB- from LoI.Alas , I was wrong . I almost bought this game at full price , but decided to rent it instead . I 'm very glad I did . This game is , in my opinion , worse than LoI and not fun to play at all . Everything comes off as dull and uninspired . Yeah , you power up with experience , but that alone does n't make it much more interesting . The Innocent Devils are a novel idea but just do n't come off as being that fun -LRB- even developing them is n't interesting -RRB- , and the ability to create your own weapons and armor from items you find , which seemed very cool when I heard about it ... just is n't that interesting I 'm afraid . Sure , there are a ton of weapons , but most of them are useless , and rarely do you get a weapon that makes you feel like you 've really gained an advantage . The stealing ability is just tedious.And the camera ... oi , I hate it . It is hard to control and poorly positioned almost always when you let it go on its own . At first I was excited to hear you could control the camera -LRB- the static one in LoI got on my nerves -RRB- but it actually made it worse . It is very detrimental to combat and gets confused very easily when action really heats up . Plus , you ca n't look up , only side to side . This really annoyed me as well . If I 'm given camera control , I want to be able to look in ALL DIRECTIONS!Overall , I 'm sad to say I think this is a VERY poorly designed game , and the worst part of all is the level design . Huge , expansive , flat , and boring as hell . Uninteresting tunnels stretch on and on as you slowly have to run down them and maybe ` yaawn ' occasionally battle a few skeletons and ` yaaaaawn ' and then you walk through a door to another tunnel exactly ` yaaaaaaawn ' like the last . How can they even call this Castlevania !? There is NO platforming -LRB- even less than what meager bit there was in LoI -RRB- , Hector runs infuriatingly slow , monsters are sparse , a pain to battle in most cases , repetitive , and just plain uninteresting , and the environments are just so bland and generic ! The environments are even less interesting than LoI . And I do n't care what anyone says , the music in this game IS N'T THAT GOOD!I did n't even feel like I was playing a Castlevania game . Indeed , it is Castlevania in name only . Beyond the name , it 's just an inferior Devil May Cry clone . As a hardcore Castlevania fan , I hate to bash it this way , but it 's sadly true . There are hardly any ties to or trademarks of the series . It was cool seeing Trevor , but that 's about it . I have finally given up on this series , unless they release a true 2D Castlevania for a console again -LRB- why , oh why ca n't you just do it !? With modern graphics a 2D Castlevania would be a smash , and I do n't understand why they ca n't see this -RRB- . Yeah , I know , I 'm just wishing on stars . Castlevania fan or not , rent this one , do n't buy it .
 I was expecting much more from this game based on the rep of castlevania . Unfortunately , this game did not even come close to my expectations . The enemies are replicated throughout the game , only they level up as you do . If they were n't hard in level 1 , they wo n't be hard as a level 25 or 30 . The replay value of this game is 0 because for the most part the storyline wo n't change based on certain actions you take .
 Castlevania has long been one of my favorite games , the original , the third one , super castlevania 4 on the snes , and finally their sgt. peppers , symphony of the night . This game drove me gradually insane throughout . They keep using the tired metroid formula -LRB- using your newly found abilities to access new areas of the game -RRB- which was introduced in 1985 -LRB- !!!!!!! -RRB- . The end is an equally punishingly old-school romp where they make you not only fight every enemy again but also give you some 4 stage end boss that just keeps regenerating itself -LRB- ugggggggggg -RRB- . Ca n't they move on from this 20 year old game convention ? The N64 games were more fresh than this , and everyone hates them . But this is rated as a step up somehow . Overall , the antiquated design and slow pacing put this game securely in it 's coffin .
 The one major problem that I have with this game is that it seems very short and small . Compared with the other games in the series , Curse of Darkness does n't have as many secrets or hidden items to find . For example , you could spend months trying to acquire all the extra stuff in Symphony of the Night . And Lament of Innocence had hundreds of hidden items . I do n't think that the replay value of this game is very high , and the gameplay controls -LRB- especially the camera angles -RRB- were not very smooth . I got the feeling that Konami rushed this game to get it to market . The storyline was n't as interesting as previous games . Even when it is considered independently of the other series games , it just is n't all that great . I think that the money could be better spent elsewhere .
 ive been playing the castlevania series since the first title came out in 1987 when i was a little kid and has been a big fan since then , i tried my best to get every newest CV that came out but this one i must say the worst ever , ive never been this disappointed , CV is never been this bad !!! i bought it $ 60 -LRB- plus tax -RRB- and sold it the next day $ 15 , i knew the guy at the video store ripped me off but still i sold it , because i never wan na see this game ever again , simple as that !!! gosh , when did the joy of exploring the Castle and a game this good turned into a beat 'em up game?no more 3D castlevania please !!! stupid game ! im still mad!i recommend u stay away from this game as far as possible , or u 'll make the biggest mistake in ur lifethose who said this game is good knows are those who never heard of CV and never play a CV beforeman , this is not castlevania , this is ... what the hell i dont know . i dont know that stupid game this is , just plain STUPID and CHEATING !!!!!!! DECEIVING !!!! LIAR !!!! DREAMS SHATTER !!!!! i dont care about good graphic , i dont care about nothing , i want a good CV , thats it!this game sucks , now im going to play the orniginal CV 1986 : Di finish the game with 1 continue in half an hour , any true CV fans up for the challenge ?
 Curse of Darkness is a confused game . Rather than accepting and overcoming the main criticism of its console ancestor , Lament of Innocence -- that being the repetitive level design -- , it piles on peripheral content , actually worsens the level design , and hopes that More Numbers will be the thing to fix it all . CoD is the result of a team `` honoring '' Symphony of the Night while forgetting that SotN had level design . It had architecture . Curse of Darkness is string of mostly flat hallways and extremely restrictive outdoor paths . A forest feels as artificial as a route for tourists . The tedium would be reduced if the environments were smaller and/or the combat were more complex , but neither is the case . Each location you will visit tries to impress through the amount of time it will take you to get through it , and most enemies require little more than mashing the attack button . It should be noted that Lament of Innocence let players invent combos through two buttons devoted to weak and strong attacks ; Curse of Darkness , however , cancels a combo any time you press the circle button . Ultimately , what we have here is a 3D `` interpretation '' of Symphony of the Night that does n't take advantage of being 3D , and believes that people loved SotN because of its open map and many collectibles . And while the interconnected castle and million weapons were cool , SotN succeeded most of all because it was a world that encouraged exploration and wonder . The dull , flat , hallway world of Curse of Darkness holds no such allure .
 I bought this game and took it back in a few short days ! To me , I just could not get into it because of the storyline , gameplay , and the graphical quality ! 1st of all , where is the graphics that Sony PS2 is capable of ? Where is the storyline that just flat spooks you out where creepy stuff awaits you at every corner ? And as far as gameplay , this game has resorted to an action/adventure type of environment -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- that instead of involving some of the old-fashioned NES , SNES , and N64 style castlevania spooky things that 'll keep you on the edge of your seat from level to level , it involves more like the cartoon Scooby-Doo -LRB- which I did also love when I was a kid -RRB- type of stuff that will more like keep you on the edge of your seat of laughter !! L.O.L. ! Again , I am only expressing my opinions here . From what I understand , there are some that really do enjoy this game . I mean , to me , the game just does not have the graphical capability that I myself have seen the PS2 to have . Furthermore , it does not have that same type of feel to the storyline -LRB- like the older castlevanias do -RRB- where the game just flat out freaks you out while you play it ! To me , its just like this cartoonish Scooby-Doo type stuff -LRB- like I said -RRB- mixed in with action/adventure-like gameplay that `` DOES NOT '' keep you spooked -LRB- or at least me that is -RRB- with your heart thumpin in your chest while wondering what in the world 's gon na jump out at you next -LRB- like some really scary looking ghost or demon or in the case of Resident Evil - a zombie or really hideous monster -RRB- ! I just had to input that about Resident Evil even though this is the subject about Castlevania because RE , to me , can be used as a real example of true horror and spooks -LRB- or even the older Castlevanias-like I said -RRB- !! So anyhow , I think I can rest my case now as to what I mean about this game not being my cup of tea and most obviously quite a disappointment to me when comparing to the older Castlevanias . Like basically , I thought that the N64 C.V. games DID EVERYTHING that I 'm saying that this game DOES NOT DO in my opinion!So anyway , if you are able to look past every thing I have just said or you just try the game out for yourself and are unable to see ANY OF or NOT ALL OF what I have just explained ; than this may be a game that you just may really enjoy playing and owning . I mean , however , we all have our own opinions and taste and are definitely entitled to them , but I will just say this
 this game is just like any other of the castlevania franchise ... the plot is way to simple and not intriging at all ... your girlfriend gets killed by the bad guys and you want revenge ... WOW !!!!!!!!!! INTERESTING !!!!!!!! it took a genius to figure that one out !! anyways the controls are very confusing , the character just looks like alucard therefore not giving it originality as they said it has ... grafics are not too crisp anyways ... the soundscore its nice thou , but not as nice as synphony of the night ... its not a bad game , but you would n't want to pay 50 on this one ... wait until it goes down to at least 30.00 ... save 20 bucks and buy a greatest or platinum hit ... thats my honest advice ...
 I really did not like this game at all b/c it was nothing like the Nintendo 64 Castlevanias . It was mach more fun on Nintendo . When I bought this game I expected it to be like the old ones I played , but it was not as near as fun as the 64 Games . The playstation 2 castlevania games have no direction at all . You just are lost and walk around forever . Theres nothing great about it . Pretty much what Im trying to say is it does not have a very good story line . It is wack . All out of order . I love hard statagey games where you have to find things and put them in order and all that stuff , but this one sucked : -LRB-
 This game has a lot of potential for entertaining kids . However , I 've had the same trouble as the other listings . We can never move on to another mission because the system always fails and I have to physically reboot time and time again ! It 's very frustrating for my 5 year old son who just loves the game . Too bad that THQ does n't have much of a customer support program . Maybe they know the troubles and do n't wish to accept responsibility .
 The earlier review had it right -- I also ca n't get this game to run , with the same symptoms he/she described . I have tried it on 2 different systems , Win98 and Win XP , with the same results . This is the only game so far that has failed to work on these systems.There is no troubleshooting information provided with the product . Mattel 's and THQ 's web sites have absolutely NO support information for this game.If / when I hear from THQ support -LRB- they predict a 2-business day turnaround for email support requests -RRB- , I 'll add another review.Save your money .
 This should be so simple
 I remember playing this when I was a kid . I bought it so I can relive the past again but it will not install . Sadly
 I uploaded a new version . Disaster ! Would not take import from older version . Worked with my IT expert to get it transfered but now it wo n't sort and goes to error . NO tech support . Promised support but ends up to be nothing -- really nothing !
 It is not what it says on the packaging , I found it difficult to use , it is outdated , no help.Don ' t buy this product .
 I experienced some compatibility issues with this software and I have a Windows OS . Data was simple to enter however , days later when I actually needed the information I was unable to open the file I saved . Need additional gadgets .
 This is a piece of VERY outdated junk ... uses Adobe Acrobat 4.0 , when the most recent ACROBAT version is 10 AND FREE !! AMAZON should be ashamed to sell this VERY OUTDATED VERSION . I will not buy ANYTHING from AMAZON again !!!
 I was so glad to find this at Amazon as I had been looking for this program in an updated version for me new computer . I was using this on my old computer and liked the way you entered your information . It was easy for someone like me to use as it is hard for me at seventy years old to change how I do things now . Thanks for carrying a wide variety of programs old and new for computers .
 It very hard to use ; have buy more upgrades to use it ; it not worth the $ 4.00 ' I have just put in the closet ; well never buy any CD again at that price ; DO NOT BUYMy MailList & Address Book
 This software is useless . It says you can import data from Excel but it does n't work . I followed directions in online manual but still did n't work . I contacted the software developer on the support site but never received a response . I gave up and imported my data from Excel into my gmail and yahoo contact lists which both allow you to print the list .
 This program will not run on Vista and they will not take it back after opening .
 My MailList & AddressBookDO NOT INSTALL THIS PROGRAM if you have an older version of it in your computer . It will overwrite the older program , you wo n't be able to retrieve any of the information you have entered in the older program and it WILL NOT import any of that information . Which means you 'll need to start completely from scratch entering your information manually -LRB- took me 10 hours to enter my approximately 250 contacts with all their specifics -RRB- . Then , when you 're finally ready to print your lists IT IS VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE to design a print out form -LRB- I settled for `` as close as I could come '' to something that would at least allow me to put it in my Franklin planner -RRB- . I was happy with my 15 year old version , it simply would no longer print which motivated me to `` upgrade '' -LRB- what joke ! -RRB- .
 This game has the dreaded `` Konami 's BEST '' red bar of doom on it . Do n't support a reprint that ruins the original box art . Buy somewhere else .
 Very mediocre at best . As always , konami fanboys will flock to it . So if you like playing the same game all the time . this might be for you . If you 've played one of the following : sotn , cotm , hod , aos . You 've played them all . Stay away from hyped garbage like this .
 these games are all the same . It 's like konami releases the same game over and over again and the same idiots buy the game over and over again .
 -LRB- This game -RRB- consists of horrible repetetive tasks such as hitting switches , retrieving items , bad-guy beat 'em up , and dee-dee catching . Again and again and again . Does it sound boring enough ? No you say ? Well how about the fact that when you finally complete a puzzle , minutes after dinner you boot it up , only to find that you must do it again !?! Oh yeah , fighting robots like this is lame . Or how about catching D-D one-by-one and returning her to the molecular bla-bla tube five times in a row ? That is not my idea of a good game . Also the graphics could have been better . Bam -LRB- company that made this game -RRB- , you have once again failed , I think your game is boring . Only good in long , lame car trip sessions . Do not tell your friends you have this game , it 's embarassing . Not for teens , only fans 7-11 yrs . old .
 I love this game , but it seems that BAM ! released the game with some severe bugs that prevent you from finishing the game . This is terribly disapointing . I am curious to know if all game paks are defective , or if there was just a bad lot . At any rate , I have heard of at least 7 accounts of the same flaw , including my own . Do n't buy this game untill they get the bugs worked out , otherwise , its a whole lotta fun .
 In spite of what some reviews claim , the graphics are not bad . While it is n't breaking any grounds , it is n't so poor as to be unplayable . There are , however , problems regarding collision , and a slew of bugs that frankly should have been caught long before release.The game is playable , though the music is repetitive , Deedee 's soundbytes are ghastly , any and all moving platform puzzles are more frustrating than need be -LRB- see
 Not only are the graphics in this game terrible compared to games like Mario Kart and Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 for Game Boy Advance , but the stroyline is pretty dull as well.I guess I just expected more from my favorite cartoon show since the days of He-Man and the original Voltron .
 This game is the worst ! All you do is catch DeeDees . It 's just plain booooring ! ANd another thing ... if you kill some robots and die then come back . . YOU HAVE TO KILL THE EXACT SAME ROBOTS AGAIN !! this is an embarrassment to Nintendo , the GBA , and Dexters Lab -LSB- the show -RSB- ... do n't buy this waste of money !
 Okay , i like the show dexters lab but this game?Bad graphics and you see dee-dee like 2 million times!Also , what about our genius 10 year old , jimmy neutron who saved the world?Well , they made a game for that too!But then , did dexter make a robopuppy?And in the jimmy neutron game , you can pick from jimmy , goddard , carl , cindy or ultralord while in dexter you be one charecter fighting robots!Dumb , huh ?
 Re
 This game is slow , predictable , and very much a `` kid 's game '' ... Granted , the title should 've clued me in , but I 've run across quite a few games that were originally intended for children that I 've enjoyed very much . This , however , really is n't one of them.Don ' t get me wrong , the retro style graphics and gameplay brought me back to the days of the ol' PC game `` 4th And Inches '' , but really do n't stand up to expectation with all the really attractive titles out there right now . I mean , Joe Montana Football was one of the greatest football games ever , and while I 'm not saying that it should necessarily be brought back -LRB- make way for the new and all that -RRB- the expectation is that the game will at least LOOK like something more interesting that a mess of hard-to-differentiate pixels blinking across a green field.Play calling and execution is frighteningly simplistic and sometimes quite frustrating , the players move molasses-slow , and there 's no such thing as the onside kick . On the positive side , you can straight-arm other players . But that 's really it.My recommendation is that unless you 're an 8-year-old , or want to play a very , very simple football game , skip this one . Madden 2002 is coming out soon , and promises to be quite superior to this . When I first picked this up , I thought `` how bad can this be ? '' and that it would tide me over until the real sports games surfaced . Not so . I 'm utterly disappointed . The only reason it got 2 stars instead of one is the whole `` retro '' value -LRB- I really loved 4th and Inches -RRB- . I 'm not sure what I expected , but it really , REALLY was n't this .
 The graphics stink and you have no clue how to run the plays.I was soooooo dissapointed . Wait for another football game to come out !
 Not what I expected for $ ... . Blocky graphics that take me back to the days of Colecovision . Even if you are remotely interested in this one , wait a month til it 's on the 9.99 rack . I want my money back !
 First of all , if you are a parent of a gamer or a gamer yourself under the age of 12 , I whole-heartedly recommend this game . It 's amusing , the graphics are great -LRB- it employs cell-shading to brilliant effect and really looks like a cartoon -RRB- and the it 's pretty simple to figure out . In fact , if you are one of the aforementioned people , go ahead and skip to the last paragraph.Everyone else , especially grown fans of the cartoon
 At first glimpse I assumed the game was more of an RPG and you can choose the girls as individuals . Of course you can change the positions of the girls but it 's basically a line up of three girls combined as one . The jokes in the game are slightly funny and `` cute '' but as far as a great , entertaining game . NO . It was fun for about an 1hr then it became repetitive and boring ... So no I did n't like it .
 This game is about as much fun as getting your teeth drilled . The action is very choppy and you can not keep your `` Girl '' on the ground . Also this game claims to have vibration function , which it does not . The only reason it gets one star is because I can not go any lower according to this rating system . ... my money has just gone down the toilet never to be seen again . ...
 First of all i did not buy this on amazon . The price was to high for a kids game . I just wanted because i like the powerpuff girls . Now i am glad i did not buy it on amazon . I saw it for $ 5 at gamestop . Now i know why it was only $ 5 it was one of the worst games i ever played ! The gameplay was stupidly hard for a kids game . the controls were terrible . There is an arrow that is supposed to direct you where you are going but it always points you to the wrong direction . The worst part is that it is very repetitive and super annoying . Do n't buy this game even if your a fan of the powerpuff girls . Do n't even buy it for your kids because they will also get frustrated . I would have gave it 0 stars but it would n't let me . I hope this review was helpful !
 My daughter loves the powerpuff girls . She has the dolls , all the seasons on DVD but no matter how much she tried she could not get into the game . Avoid !
 This game came with spyware that shut my computer down !!! The disk was a copy and did not work ! it cost me money to fix my computer ! do not buy this game from this company !
 I was playing all the free downloads of various Risk games I could find and finally broke down and bought this . I was disappointed - it moved very slowly compared to some of the online games I had tried . I played a few games against the computer and then used it to play thru an online server - which took forever to set up and then kept crashing during play . Glad I did n't buy it new .
 of this program . It will not work with 64-bit computers and the CD has to be physically in the computer while it 's being utilized . All type must be on the same line , so for more than a very short phrase , the `` size '' is limited . That said
 I thought I 'd be able to write a paragraph and then pick a font but it only lets you enter 40 letters and spaces and it 's not in a word document at all . This will be very specialized items and not what I was looking for .
 The levels are so boring . It deserves to be on the cheapest and worst system . Like , it 's alot more fun to use the money to drive go carts rather spending on this junk . It 's all too flat . Racing games are only good with obstacals like ramps , water splash , and stuff to run over . If you really want to try it , rent it or play at someones house who has this lame game
 This is just another F1 racing !!! so boring ! the graphics are OK but I ca n't find a hard solid details in this game . The only 1 good point is that you can race in some cities but still not so impreesive . If you want F1 racing buy EA SPORT F1 2001-2 .
 i found this game dull and boring the whole game layout was not worth my money racing is fun but unrelistic crashes.the open wheel cars on the game are way different from the movie bly and tanto go by team spirt -LRB- korny -RRB- simulation is bad . if was do do it all over agin i would go with cart fury or f1 2002as i said dont bother
 Although I 'm sure Sly Stalone is too busy thinking about where his career went wrong , the PR people who designed the cover art for `` Driven '' should have realized the inappropriate juxtaposition of the twin towers with the exploding race car . As far as I 'm concerned , this game and it 's offensive cover should be pulled from the shelves .
 This game is n't all that bad , but it 's more like Doom or Duke Nuke 'Em . This is not even close to Goldeneye which one of the reviewers below had stated . The graphics are so-so , and the gameplay gets kind of boring after just a few run-throughs . To summarize ... if you like games such as Doom , then you 'll probably like this as a portable . If you think it 's going to be like Goldeneye , then do n't even bother and save your money for something else .
 This game is terrible . Also very fake , for example , I used an entire G-11 Machine Gun clip on one SWAT soldier , Doom is Much better.Terrible storyline and very bad gameplay !
 First off , let me start off by saying , that i bought this game , and by later that day I was taking it back . For me , personally I like eye-candy style games which keep my attention through wonderful gameplay and amazing graphics . I must say , for the most part , that this game bored me , lacked the graphics that I normally enjoy , the depth of gameplay was prehistoric , and personally I would pick a third person side-scroller any day over this game .
 this game -LSB- stinks -RSB- . it got boreing after five minutes and freezes every fifeteen . after an hour this game was sold . the graphics are really bad . you never have enough ammo and the weapons shoot to quickly so all your ammo is gone . the most accurate weapon in the game is the sniper rifle because it is MANUALLY aimed . your shots do very little to the enemy and theirs take about HALF -LRB- thats right HALF -RRB- your live . the swat commanders take two clips on the m16 or 3 for the jack hammer -LRB- the most powerfull gun in the game but it fires to god damn slow -RRB- to continue a mission you need a frieken code . this game is NOT in any way at all realilistic . the guns do not hold the right amount of ammo . your weapons reload too slow and the enemys -LRB- even the guards -LRB- the weakest in the game and who have revolvers -RRB- seem to have an almost endless supply of ammo with no reload time.if you do run out of ammo -LRB- and you will.your pitol which sucks -RRB- slowly feeds one and only one round into the chamber at a very very slow speed . all in all this game frekin -LSB- stinks -RSB- and the creators and design team need to be takin out back and shot -LRB- not letrally -RRB- for makeing this game which descraces the good name of nentindo and the GBA .
 I played this simple adventure game with my 3 year old son and it took us about an hour . There are a few easy puzzles - find a key hidden in one of hour spots on screen , put a broken pot back together with the four pieces you have , find all the acorns scattered throughout the game , etc. . There are several animated sequences with characters and voices from the Winnie-the-Pooh shows . The best part was the in-game painting activity that lets your mix your own colors and paint a variety of blank pages . Considering I paid $ 15 for this product I was disappointed . There are free ipad apps which are just as much fun and last longer .
 Piglet 's Big Game dissapoints me . I got it for one of my birthdays ... my 6th or 7th or something birthday ... well , not my 8th I know that . Well , anyways , I got it and it was a little fun at first but now it is boring , sometimes Russian Blue Witch and Chocolate Dog play it and I watch , but it is a darn poor game . I will compare it with the Humongous Entertainment Putt-Putt , Pajama Sam , Spy Fox , and Freddi Fish games because they are similar , you guide a character around and in both you save or load progress -LRB- they call it saving & loading games -RRB- . The saving & loading screens , I like HE games more because you name the games so you can write who owns the game like , if the game belongs to Max , call it `` Max 's Game '' . In this you do n't name em ' so you do n't know whose game is whose . And also , it lacks changing . In HE games it changes inleast 2 times and in this only the vedgetable Rabbit needs changes . It might be fun to you but I do n't like . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 Before TOA I would give this game a 4.5 star rating , after TOA released I will give it 0.5 stars . It would be nice if Mythic added a couple non TOA servers . I have five level 50 characters that I will not play much longer after my account expires . Since TOA released , the winner in RVR is not the best fighters , the winner is who has the most TOA artifacts . IMO took all the fun away from RvR . I would not suggest buying this game .
 Yes I do have 4 level 50 toons . Heres there name 's Zymtoic , soulbainsher , jaundice , mulisha . Look them up on the hearld you newbie . This guy doesnt know what he is talking about . I would advise you dont buy this game , like I said before ... . Hack programs and Toa , totaly screwed the fun of the game up bad ...
 now it 's just a bad eq clone riddled with timesinks 9hr mob spawns fighting for camps etc. . pvp used to be really good . you had a feeling that if you won/lost a fight , it was because you outplayed or were outplayed . now winning losing is just a function of whoever subjected themselves to the largest number of timesinks .
 This game was just outstanding , up to there Trials of Atlants . ToA , changed all formats of the game . You now need not only just a level 50 but the ToA to just survive in this game . If you are looking for the great reviews of the game of DAoC , they are gone.Anyone starting out new will have the worst time in leveling because all that have level 50 char 's do / level 20 , so the new person on the block is for the most part out . If some one gets this with out ToA , you will not have the fun that was once there in this game . Over all i will now give this a 1 star from a 5 from 1 year ago and the reason being that anyone that starts now will have a long time too go be compairable to some level 40 's . If you think you would like to try the game you will have to get ToA and spend the time to get a level 50 and then try to get there newer stuff in ToA too event survive . Its a sad day for Mythic on New Additions
 This is just to serve as a warning to those of you who create an account for Dark Age of Camelot . You will be given two choices
 This game is overated ! Some of these online websites that review games are so biased toward games . The games that focus mainly on hack and slash seem always to score much higher than the games that actually have some depth . I have tried a few Online Games and I have come to the conclusion Ultima Online is by far the best there is . EVE and WWII Online are also very good online games . This game really annoys me in many ways . I think this game is for younger audiences . Everything seems too childish in this game to me just like Everquest . The penalty for dying is not very harsh . Item insurance I think is a dumb idea . When a character dies they SHOULD lose everything . Characters in DAOC automatically gain spells as they level . That really spoils the game . It is a lot more interesting when you have to buy spells and it cost regeants -LRB- special ingredients needed to cast a spell -RRB- to cast spells . I am sick of experience based RPG games . Ultima Online made leveling a lot more interesting when it did away entirely with the experience system and instead made a skill based system . In my opinion this is more practical . The Player vs. Player system in DAOC I think is one of the worst I have seen . Ultima Online 's Siege Perilous shard is still by far the best for Player vs. Player combat . Eve online and WWII online also have excellent Player vs. player combat systems . The crafting/trade skills are still limited compared to what characters can do in Ultima Online . Ultima Online still has the best economy system in my opinion . Ultima Online has a much more broad list of professions characters can persue than in DAOC . UO 's treasure hunting & theif profession is unmatched . Although DAOC does n't lock players into a profession as much as Everquest , it is not nearly as flexible as Ultima Online . In Ultima Online if a grandmaster fighter decides he wants to be a mage or a barb , or anyting else he can do so . Characters never really have to start over from scratch in Ultima Online if they do n't like their profession . DAOC its flexible up to level 5 , big deal thats only a day of work at most .
 I do n't understand who likes this game ? The graphics are VERY ancient . There also is no adventure to this game . The only thing you do is level , and level , and level . The adventure tasks that your trainer gives you have about 30 words in them , that 's all . 30 words that 's all , thats the big adventure in this game ? To show that your in a city , there are 4 or 5 stones around in a circle , thats it . I think a high school student could of done a much better job . By the way I only played Midgard , I do n't know about the other realms.But do n't take my word for it , you can download and play for free . Just check out the graphics , and redundant music , its embarrassing . Go to the co. main website download the game and play for free if you really want to see BAD .
 Not a fun game at all . I have 4 level 50 maxed out toons . I have played this game for about 1 year . It is all now being hacked out by cheaters . Therefore I would pass on this game . Enemy players now have the ablity to heal themselves as much as they want . Really makes it sad , a once fun game to play , turns out to be a hack . Oh and if you do get the game and have any issues , have fun ! Customer service lacks big time !!!!! I came up missing a really nice staff , 6 days later they got back to me , only to say , sorry we cant do anything . Also if somone on this amazon review says its a great game , maybe thats because they have a few to sell ya !!!! They dont want ya to know the real deal !!!
 This game is horrid , if you want a real MMORPG , you 'd play everquest , mearly all I have to say . 1 star hands down .
 When I buy a software package I always backup my activation code/license number and executable , but it was pointless with iFinger . The software installs by connecting to their webserver , and then downloading the package that you purchased . Unfortunately , if they decide to upgrade the search engine , you lose the possibility to reinstall the product you previously purchased !!! I consider this a rip-off , since I ca n't reinstall 4 dictionaries , for which I paid at least 30 USD each , because their license is bound to a search engine which can not connect to the iFinger webserver . SO if you change computer , and they change version of the search engine , you lose the software ... -LRB- so I lost over 120 USD -RRB- Morever , if you have a product which is still available , but the version is too old , you ca n't upgrade . I complained to the company and I got this answer : `` iFinger is not offering a subscription model.The customer must ensure proper storage and back up of it 's own data.iFinger does not offer support for events outside iFinger 's control . Events causing loss of data is not a support issue , i.e. iFinger does not provide links or keys to purchased product data a second time . The product will work as long as you do n't change your environment . When you change your OS , we can not guarantee that iFinger will work . `` This is a rip-off -LRB- I said that already -RRB- because I simply changed computer , and I still had licenses and executables -LRB- so I did n't lose my data , otherwise I would n't even complain about such a mistake -RRB- but I could n't install the programs on my new computer!SO to sum it up
 I own 8 iFinger cdrom products . I own 2 web purchased products . I have used their products for years . Not anymore . The company selling iFinger no longer supports the cdrom products . If you buy this and own older cdrom iFinger products . They may or may not work together . If you buy a downloaded iFinger product and own cdrom iFinger products they WILL NOT work together . So , why bother ? I will be looking for another integrated solution , and iFinger has lost a loyal customer . Beware also of their web products . They control your registration , updates and based on their records of your registration , your ability to use the software you bought . I WILL NOT buy any more iFinger products .
 I bought the iFinger supported CD-Rom version from Amazon years ago , and now iFinger no longer supports the CD-Rom version . The following information is from the iFinger website at http://www.ifinger.com/support/faq/cd_rom_userQUESTION
 The CD-ROM would not load properly and had to be returned for credit -LRB- which Amazon honored promptly -RRB- .
 Bought this for my son at Costco . Tried installing it on 3 different PCs , each of which exceeded the minimum recommended settings by far.In all three , the program installed without a hitch and would not run.I then tried contacting tech support and relaying the detailed diagnostic log information . They were less than helpful and suggested `` fixes '' that broke compatability with other programs - and still did not work . I will be returning this software this week and purchasing Fritz and Chesster .
 I installed Majestic Chess on two computers -- one running Windows 2000 , the other running Windows 98SE -LRB- FAT32 -RRB- , and Windows 2000 -LRB- NTFS -RRB- . The hardware on both machines is up to speed . The installs -LRB- including two on the dual-booter -RRB- went smoothly , however , the chess games wo n't run at all . But the Hoyle demo games will .
 This an elaborate chess title attempting to capture the imagination of players . It is probably better suited for beginner to intermediate players , but the game itself does put a spin on chess with it 's adventures so to speak .
 I installed the software and it does n't run at all ! Instead , my computer is down whenever I try to run it . The manufacturer does n't even give us a toll-free number to contact them .
 This software is mostly intended for ocassional chess players . Younger or even older people who are just learning chess will like it . However for serious chess freaks like myself will go somewhere else . The mouse control and movement of your pieces is very sluggish . It does n't have the option to open . pgn -LRB- portable game notaion -RRB- or other types of database files . I recommend this ONLY for people who just started learning the game . ...
 Well , if you have a laptop you will most likely not be able to use this program unless you reload it each time . When I first loaded this thing it worked great , and I played several games . Once I rebooted my laptop , it would not run until I uninstalled and installed again.I called Sierra , and they said , and I quote , `` Our products do n't work on laptops ; we do n't support laptops . '' I asked , `` Why does it work right after you load it , and continue to work as long as you do n't reboot ? '' Sierra 's answer ? `` We do n't support our products on laptops . `` So , with the book and the box in front of me I told the no-support person that there is nothing on the box that says that laptops are unsupported , and it 's a major inconvenience for their customers to purchase a product that is known to not work on a substantial number of computers , and it 's irresponsible for them to sell it that way . Sierra 's response ? The no-support person hung up on me.Back in the old Macintosh days Sierra made good products that they supported . In my experience with them , that 's not the case today . I could have run this on my desktop computer , but I returned it . I wo n't give Sierra any of my hard-earned dollars again .
 Even though my new computer exceeded the minimum requirements the program would not install and after three days when i finally got it installed it would not run . during this process the technical support folks took the following positions :1 . had me uncheck some box in windows . When this did not solve the problem they hung up . All support calls are long distance .2 . I did not have the latest firmware from the mfr of the cd rom . However the program installed on my three year old laptop .3 . Would not return calls .4 . emailed me saying that my video card was not a current version.not true .5 . The mfr of my new computer said they have major problems with Siera products such as majestic chess .6 , program never ran ,
 I bought this to replace an earlier version of Hoyle Card Games because the CD was getting a little worn out . Ugh . The `` improved '' graphics are lousy and juvenile , the game play is slow , and many of the features and options in the previous edition are completely missing . This is a complete waste of money .
 I ca n't evaluate the quality of the games since I was not able to get this software to work on my three month old DELL Windows XP Professional machine . After loading the software , you are still required to have the CD in the computer each time you play . When trying to play , my CD ROM drive would grind away and eventually -LRB- 1-2 minutes later -RRB- show a slick introduction screen and then freeze . Needless to say , I 'm disappointed .
 After a LONG wait and much excitment , Lords of the Realm III did NOT live up to the hype . It has none of the personality that II did , and is a shabby game over all . It certainly does n't compare to Medieval Total War . Skip it completely , save your money , and buy a copy of Medieval instead . MUCH better game .
 I had my doubts about buying a game whose MSRP dropped from $ 50 to $ 20 vitually overnight . Unfortunately , I bought it anyway assuming since the earlier games were so much fun this one must be too . I 've played bad games before but this time I really feel like I was had.Zero stars .
 I had such high hopes for this title . The first two LOTR games were pure gaming goodness . The first warning sign was the drastic reduction of price from 49.99 to 19.99 . Sierra gave up on this one and released a piece of junk and they know it.Almost all the fun aspects of the earlier games have been removed and you are left with a boring , somewhat buggy , cheap game that isnt worth playing . Shame on Sierra .
 Vastly inferior to Lords of the Realm 1 & 2 . I was truly disappointed by how much they dumbed the game down . Do yourself a favor . Lords of the Realm 1 & 2 are a 5 dollar bundle on GOG.com . Grab it instead .
 I am a huge fan of Lord of The Realm 2 . However , I was really disappointed when I bought this game expecting it to be more fun or at least equal to the second game . This is animated and nothing compared to what you experience with the second . This game never should have been made because now I have lost all interest in this game and all the others similiar to it . Poor graphics and not able to build up your city very easy . This reminds me of a childs game . I 'm 26 and I still love a few games but this was way too far . Poor , Poor , Poor performances .
 This appears to be a great game , but it is not what the cover leads you to believe . The game is centered around battles , and has very little if anything to do with building castles . In fact , the castles on the map are all generic and the ones you build will not even be seen unless they are attacked and you enter the battle.This game is also very slow moving .
 I absolutely loved Lords of the Realm II . I was sooo excited for Lords of the Realm III . It was a MAJOR disappointment . Do n't waste your money on this game . It 's not even remotely as good as Lords II .
 Okay , so I 'm being really nice giving this game 2 stars . I am a huge fan of Lords of the Realm II so I thought I would purchase this game and have a go at it . Well ... that did n't go to well . The game , although it has great graphics , is extrememly confusing and hard to follow on what you can and ca n't do . It is really different from the previous Lords of the Realms and thus makes it hard to play . I would n't suggest not buying this product , but if you are a huge Lords of the Realm II fan , then I would say advise you not to . You will most likely end up being upset with yourself -LRB- and your computer !! -RRB- .
 I was a big fan of the Lord of the Realms series and was looking forward to part 3 . However this game is terrible , it takes all of the previous fun game playing elements out of the game . There is no real decision making . I do n't know how the developers can justify the time they spent on the game , there just is n't any gameplay worth talking about , what happened to quality control ????
 What a waste of money ! I really enjoyed Lords of the Realm
 Realm 3 is an average game at best . Although ther is more interactive options and a much better 3D engine to this game , I have apparently become bored with it quickly , after finishing the tutorial and beginning play , it is already sitting in it 's jewel case collecting dust with the rest of my `` average '' games . I 've found myself playing Realm 2 more than this game.The setup is there , and the competetive spirit is there , but there is little challenge except in combat . I prefer a game more based on Realm 2 , where you have to battle not only human-to-human elements but elements more inclined with proper farming , mining , and such . The simplified task of assigning Nights or Peasants as one singular town gives no strategy outside the realm of battle . Strategy should be included in all aspects across the board , not just in combat.Something tells me with this mediocre follow-up , we wo n't be seeing Lords 4 anytime soon , if at all .
 Perhaps they should have built a rather large badger . This is a huge disappointment and the original version was way way way better than this . You have amazingly little control and there is amazingly little strategy for a strategy game . Get Medieval Total War if youre looking for Dark Ages fun . I miss my $ 20 .
 I wish i could give this game negative stars that is how poorly the makers did with this . i can help but wonder if they just decided to scrap production and rush the release with this mess of a program they call a game ... Save your money like the last guy said and play lords of the realm 2 . verry dissapointed and verry frustraited . i waited months for this release and what a let down . all you do is move a man here or there and thats is about it . no building no real managing nothing but an occasional battle . well let me tell you the battles in lords 2 are far more better than the mess in 3 sorly dissapointed . i think they should have paid me to buy that game
 I received this game today and I have to say it is the biggest disapointment I 've had in a game . For those of you that loved LOR2 , do n't buy this game . It sucks.The econmic engine is gone , the vasal system used take all the fun out of managing your econmy and food production . The game 's only real function is waging war . After about 20 minutes of this it gets boring . Save your money and play LOR2 , it was much better .
 I bought this game because I had very much enjoyed Lords of the Realm 2 . This game however , is virtually unplayable . Perhaps 15 years ago I would have tried to brave through all the difficulties and frustrations and learn to enjoy the game , but with all the quality games available today , it just is n't worth it.The game interface is clunky and hard to understand . The tutorials do a poor job of preparing you for the game . The manual is thin and not very helpful . On the tactical level , your soldiers do not handle orders well , you can not give orders to individual units , only companies , and they screw them up half the time . The tactical overview map is hard to read and it can be hard to tell where the opposing forces are . In combat it is difficult to tell the difference between your soldiers and the enemy.Tactical combat goes on in `` real-time '' while stuff outside is going on . This would be fine , except once the combat begins , other forces ca n't join the fight . If there is a castle siege going on , you ca n't have forces come in to defeat the attackers . They just have to wait outside and twiddle their thumbs as the attack goes on.It is n't very clear how you get the forces you want . You establish a knight on a piece of land , then he starts raising an army . What if I want swordsman ? cavalry ? archers ? I do n't seem to have any control , and I was n't willing to play the game long enough to find out.I threw this game in the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 HAS TO BE ONE OF THE WORST GAMES OF THE YEAR !! Lords III is a total goatrope - that guy who reviewed it fromNotre Dame had no idea what he was talking about . Merchantshave nothing to do with anything . You are not a vassal , the vassals are the parade of idiots you 're given to leadyour armies . Allowing the rest of your nation to go intothe crapper for the joy of actually getting to run one ofyour own battles was a ridiculous concept that should havebeen left on the cutting room floor.Well - now we know why this POS was delayed for so long-because THEY HAD NO IDEA WHAT TO DO . . and never figured it out!Ever heard of `` All things come to those who wait . . '' ? Well , keep waiting and save yourself the money.When the UPS guy came to my house to drop this piece of junk offI should have sent him packing with it back to Amazon.LOR II - Awesome ! Lords of Magic - playable , even fun.LOR III ? Honestly - do n't even bother . .
 As reflected in other reviews here , Sierra took out all the best parts of this series
 I bought this game one month ago , together with `` American Conquest Fight Back '' , if I liked the last one as top of the bunch , LOTR III is bottom.I 'll try to sell my copy , and desperately look for an used copy of the first version .
 Ok , I can say a little more . A lot more actually . Where to start ? I still consider LOTR2 to be one of the best games I 've ever played . The AI was dumb but it was a super fun game - 5 stars all the way . I 've patched and played this one now and would like to point out the following to anyone thinking this is going to be like LOTR2 :1 -RRB- No documentation ! The manual is n't even close to sufficient and online/on cd adds nothing . This will be a recurring theme in my review .2 -RRB- Heavy hardware required . I 'm running an AMD 2200 + -LRB- clock rate ~ 1800MHz -RRB- , 512 DDR400 , and a Radeon 9700 Pro with latest drivers . I can watch the arrows move frame by frame during sieges with only 2 of their units fighting 3-5 of mine . `` Recommended '' hardware is 1500MHz and a Radeon 8500 . Liars .3 -RRB- To upgrade your castle you save money . My money keeps getting stolen after saving for 30 real-world minutes . They take almost all of it and I have no idea how or how to stop them -LRB- DOCUMENTATION !!! -RRB- .4 -RRB- You can accidentally downgrade your castle since they present inferior designs as upgrade options , yet still charging you money to do it . There are no descriptions in the game or in the manual describing what different castles are capable of . DOCUMENTATION !!! 5 -RRB- Hiring mercenaries is a guessing game since the in-game description simply tells you there title , like siege engineer , and says he `` does not serve you '' . No help in manual ... getting tired of typing DOCUMENTATION .6 -RRB- I accidentally clicked on an ally 's territory with my army and was immediately at war , despite being 2 territories away and changing back immediately . Stupid .7 -RRB- You ca n't zoom in or out during battle , which means it 's * very * hard to tell which troops you are facing . The graphics are not that good despite being so hardware intensive .8 -RRB- During a siege I decided to go around to the castle 's back wall since the defenders were all ammassed on the front walls . The defenders did not re-position themselves to meet me . Even worse , Once I climbed the walls my guys just kind of milled about , ocassionally doing something I ordered them to ... kinda . Even worser -LRB- new word -RRB- , once I was finally inside the courtyard , I could not target the defenders ! So I just sat there gaping while my guys stood right next to the defenders who had about 3 archers and killed all my guys . I tried this a few times with the same results .9 -RRB- You ca n't conquer outlying territories and annex them anymore . You can devastate them , but you have to conquer the main castle , at which time you get all of the territories . This took a huge element of the game away for me .10 -RRB- As previous reviewers noted , all micro-management is gone . You drop a merchant on to a piece of land and never come back . Same with a peasant for food . No control , no fun . Maybe there are more options but there is no DOCUMENTATION !!! 11 -RRB- Attacking an army on the field is lame . If you set up two units to attack one unit from different angles , both your units just bee-line right for the center of the enemy unit anyway . Not anything like the cool tricks you could play with the Total War series . No usage of terrain or weather or anything.I work at a telco , I understand what tough times mean to a company but this is ridiculous . Sierra has fleeced me and I 'm angry .
 I just have to mirror the other recent posters here ... I was very excited to get my hands on this game being a fan of the first 2 LOTR titles . Everything that made the earlier games fun just is n't found in this game and what you end up with is a second rate real time strategy game that has poor UI , difficult control and just plain boring gameplay.Sierra knew they had a stinker on their hands and slashed the price in half to try to dupe you into still buying it . Do n't let them get away with it . I would n't play this game even if it were free .
 Lords of the Realm II was one of my favorite vidio games ever . I spent hundreds of hours playing it and would probably still be playing it if it still ran on my newer computers . I have been waiting for this game for over a year and preordered it as soon as it became available . I even went out and got a new graphics card to be able to play it.My expectations were extremely high and LOR III failed me miserably . The battles were extemely buggy and the game play in general was not interesting . Furthermore , the tutorial was poor and UI in general was not very usable.This is a perfect example of ruining a great 2D game by trying to make it a 3D game . Sierra sacrificed all of the interesting game play of LOR II for the sake of buggy 3D display of battles.Don ' t waste your money .
 It 's a trick , get an axe ! I just bought it . Save yourself the heart-ache . Sierra is obviously having some problems , and this is not pretty . Just say , `` No . '' Do n't make me say I told you so . Buy StarCraft by the same company . Buy Lords of the Realm I , II , or the Siege Pack . Try HomeWorld . They did n't finish this game and released it anyway . It is so bad , you 'll just about cry . Hint
 The game is basically boring unless you have a photogenic memory for all of the vassals and their powers . It moves too slow . Very disappointing .
 You 've got to wonder about any game that has been in development in since late 2001 and does not get released until March 2004 . You 've also have to be concerned about the fact that its release date was constantly pushed back and that its price fell from $ 49.99 to $ 19.99 . Finally , why is this game being released so quietly and with so little fanfare . The official webpage is eeriely silent and more omniously a patch was released even before the game shipped.These are troubling questions and lead to the ultimate question
 I 've been with this series since the beginning . The first one rocked , the lands were huge you got to do so much stuff . The second one blew , you played on itty bitty lands and it blew . So I figured that the 3rd would be a return to the first , man was I wrong it was like the 2nd but more land , but as a price taking care of your towns was gone , you just threw servant down on a land and boom your done , what the hell , then to top it off when you attack ajacent lands you can basically destroy the crap out of it but you ca n't take control of it , that 's not cool.The only reason why I give it a star is because I like the graphics in the battle screens , but other than that this game belongs in a bargain bin , and the places that have it should pay you to pick it up .
 ok first reason this sux is vassals those mental servents mess you up 2cd The terrible graphics 3rd is * FRAME BY FRAME MOVEMENT * i mean it i even have 546 mb of ram and you control units in companies not singely and every time a guy dies you get weaker abd weaker then when like 10 die -LRB- if you even get that many to control -RRB- your whole army flees there are no huge clashes if you want this then just get lords 2 or 1 they are much better also i threw this in my trash 3 hourse after i got it
 What a huge mess . I was so excited last Christmas when I realized that they were making a third installment to Lords of the Realm . I checked its webpage almost daily . I could hardly wait to play a new and improved version of a game they made in 1996 that was flat out terrific . I even drove to a town 30 miles away in hopes of getting it on its supposed release day of March 16 -LRB- it actually was released on the 17th -RRB- . I bought the strategy guide and a new video card in order to get it to work . Never in my gameplaying life have I ever felt so fleeced.They took a perfectly good turn based strategy game and turned into colossal RTS mess . WHY !!??!!?? It has three platforms -LRB- strategic , political , and battle -RRB- that are all running at the same time . You ca n't spend enough time in any of them for fear that something will happen without your kwowledge . There is just too much going on at the same time . Now I thought the idea of regions divided into parcels and estate parcels was interesting , but i realized that you have to concure the estate parcel to do any good . You simply ignore the other parcels . Now i read the strategy guide and I will say that this game had loads of potential . Agents such as thieves , blacksmithes , corrupt priests , etc. . Tons of new soldier types . All is wasted in order to try to make this more multiplayer savvy . Had they simply tried to improve on the first two versions , we might have had an awesome TBS game . I mean , this is what 8 years of ideas gets us ??!! Med . total war is the closes thing I can think of to what I was hoping for . It won Game of the Year in 2002 , AND IT IS TURN BASED !!!! I should have listened to the alarms that were going off when the price of the game dropped from $ 50 to $ 20 . If you loved LOTR II , stay as far away from this one as you can .
 If you loved playing LOTR2 , than stay away from this one . All the best elements are gone , all you can do is appoint people to oversee your lands and than sit back and watch your armies move slowly across the map . Gets pretty boring after 10 minutes . I am taking this sorry excuse for a game back to the store . Worst 20 dollars i have ever spent !
 It is real time and not turned based . I think if this game was turned based it would be a fine game . In my opinon , that actuall fighting has improved from Lords of the realms 2 . The econemy and county managment has gotten worse , but if you got to fight battles that would n't matter so much . The thing is that you never can really fight the battles . Since the whole thing is real time , when you zoom in on a battle you ca n't tell what is going on elsewhere , so you generally just have to leave the battles to the computer . In the end , you end up just building up armies to the maximum size , telling them to attack another castle , wait until they win , and place the maximum amount of knights possible in the fiefs , plus the minimum number of serfs needed . With your new troops you build another huge army . This just continues until you have more armys than you know what to do with and win . Do n't get me wrong , this game is okay for a while , and when you only have a few territories it is fun since you can actually fight battles . I played this for a few days , but it got borring quickly .
 I pre-ordered this game the day it was posted based on how much fun Lords Of The Realm 2 was . Unfortunately , everything that made LOTR2 fun was n't in here . The territory values , the farming , the battle sounds ... all gone . The siege system is laughable , and the AI for both your own unit movements and the enemy movements are terrible.Now I know why the price was $ 19.99 ... not worth it .
 It would appear that Sierra went out of their way to make this game as ugly and unappealing as possible . The game features many portraits of horrendously hideous individuals , and the exaggeratted expressions of the cartoonish soldiers are distinctly unattractive . This may have been acceptable if there was a solid game lurking beneath the loathesome exterior , but there is n't . Imagine my surprise when I began the William the Conquerer campaign and saw an enemy army approaching my lands . I dispatched my own army to deal with it , right clicked on it and waited for the battle to load up , a la Total War . Imagine my surprise when the two armies duked it out on the strategy screen and I was informed that my army had defeated the enemy . There was no choice as to whether the computer calculated the results , or if I would rather command the troops myself.Another detail that may be petty , but was still highly annoying
 This game looks like it was made by high school kids , it bares little resemblance to it 's glorious predicessors . This `` game '' involves little more than staring at the computer screen wondering what is going on and what your supposed to do . You quickly learn that very little is going on and there is nothing for you to do . That 's the worst part , the manual tells you virtually nothing , the game teaches you even less and then it plays on it 's own at snails pace.Just avoid this like the plague .
 The A.I. vassels removed what I liked about LOTR II . Also , every time I start the game it takes over 5 minutes to get to main menu because it says it is optimizing all of these maps . I have plenty of disk space and did a full install , all this stuff should already be ready to go on my hard drive ... right ? ? ? I liked the turn based of II also . Real time does n't allow me to review my empire and actually make STRATEGIC decisions ! ! The graphics are good , sound also . Ca n't command a single soldier , the whole company goes apparently . I think I enjoyed the more specific , hands-on county controlling , cows , grain , weapons , rock , wood etc. and warfare of LOTR II . These days , getting $ $ back for these games is impossible . I ignored bad reviews thinking that they could n't possibly be right , since LOTR II was so cool -LRB- IMHO -RRB- .
 This is the wrst game ever . Over the last few years Sierra has really disappointed me by not producing any decent startegy game . Instead , we get this P.O.S. that barely lets you make any decisions . In the least , LOR III should have improved AI and graphics of LOR II .20 $ price should have been a dead give away , I bought it anyway . 20 minutes later I threw it away , it was just that awful .
 I can not believe what they have done.With the blind purpose of archieving a real time game they have killed Lords of the realm.Real Strategy needs turns !!!!! Imagine a real time chess , would be pathetic.Now this game is just moving armies as fast as you can and try to choose the best knights.The fun of Lords I and II was keeping happy your people while having a huge army.Now no armies raised , no food problems , no happiness ... It 's so sad.Multiplayer was nice with Lords2 and in Civ3 nobody plays real time , allways simultaneous turns.I think I 'm gon na cry .
 This is one of the worst games to come out in the last 2 years . -LSB- ... -RSB- for trying to keep Vivendi afloat while they went bankrupt . This kind of crap reminds me of the old DOS games but in color .
 This is the biggest disappointment I have ever experienced in purchasing a computer game . The first Lords of the Realm game is perhaps my favorite for its time with the Lords of the Realm 2 game also a great favorite . From the moment you open the box you experience problems with running the game . The graphics are disturbingly poor to the point of distraction . The real problem , however , is the gameplay . After about five hours of intense effort at the first tutorial campaign level , I still could not make any sense of the game and what you were supposed to do . The real time aspect is totally inappropriate for a strategy game of this scope . The combat is buggy , poorly lighted , and very dated in appearance . This is a disaster and a terrible blow to the reputation of `` Impressions '' games . It might have been better to simply have not released the game and admit the entire `` real time '' approach for a game such as this was ill conceived . I can not believe they spent two years on this . I would have given this game less than a star if such a rating was available .
 After waiting forever for the release and then for it to be delivered to the store , I eagerly installed it on my computer . This game is a high graphic shadow of LOTR II ! You have very little input into what is going on . You sit around doing nothing for long periods of time and when you do get into battle , control is very bad . The castle building interface is laughable . I do n't know how Sierra did it after having sooo long to develop this game , but the sucked all the fun out of LOTR ! And beware , it has crashed on my twice , and I have XP Professional !!
 Those of you that were waiting for this title to be released because of your enjoyment of the previous versions do not bother buying this title . They changed the format to a continous real-time-strategy -LRB- and strategy is used very losely here -RRB- game . The game play is nothing like the previous games . Limited army creation , no manipulation of serfs to ensure the best allocations of production . You only need gold , which is constantly stolen , to create castles . To be honest I am finding this title very boring and if I had spent more than the $ 20.00 I would be very upset . `` Lords of the Realm '' should have never been in this title ! It is very misleading because the great game play features of the previous title are lacking . It even flounders as a RTS !
 It 's not worth the $ 20 . First , the game requires a high end PC system so if you do n't have the video hardware do n't even bother . On my system I have an ATI Rage128 Pro with 32 MB of memory . In order to get the game even to run I had to upgrade my video driver and spend another 20 minutes messing with the Direct3D compressed text settings to even get the game to start . And once I did eventually get it to start the graphics were still screwed up.I agree with most of the other reviews written here that they 've managed to strip out the best parts of Lords II . It seems as though Sierra spent a lot of time on the boring details and made the game just overall more tedious than fun .
 If I could have give it negative stars I would have . Expecting an upgrade to Lords of the Realm II , what I/we got was a totally different game . IT 's an RTS POS . Gone is all the fun of turn based micromanaging and playstyle . All that is left is what the Siege Pak of LOTR II gave us , battle battle battle , boring . There 's lots better RTS games out there , heck you can get EMIRES DAWN of the MODERN WORLD for less than $ 20 on ebay now and it 's 1000x better than this game . No demo , and I surely can see why , nobody would have bought it , except a few clicky babies maybe . I 'm glad I had a seven day return policy , I only needed ONE though ! This is n't even worth bargain bin $ 5 to me . I have too many GREAT RTS games than to play this . Heck MTW -LRB- Medieval Total War -RRB- is better . It 's $ 20 or less also on ebay and probably here at Amazon.com also . This one 's a dud . It 's so much of a dud they wo n't let you say anything bad about it over at the official website forums . If you think I 'm kidding go try . ; -RRB-
 I did n't believe the awful reviews this game recieved . Unfortunately I just wasted 20 dollars . Please DO NOT BUY this game . It really irks me that other people will waste their money on this title . The gameplay is incredibly slow . It is sometimes impossible to beat the AI because of the slow speed and endless battles . The game has features worse than titles from the 90s . One of the absolutely worst I have ever played . I can hardly express how truly terrible this game is .
 I was happy to see LORII was being made when it was first announced way back in 2001 . As soon as I heard the developers were going to defect to the RTS craze , I knew it was a lost cause . There has been more RTS crap churned out than ever before . . RTS SUCKS because you do n't have time to strategize . It 's the same old boring repetitive crap . Yet developers keep making the same garbage.LORIII was supposed to be realized in christmas of 2002 , then spring 2003 , then winter 2003 , ugg , I ca n't remember how many times it was delayed . You can tell the project must have been in total chaos.Word to the game developers ... try making a game that actually requires thought and strategy .
 This game had so much promise , but they let took it completely to the other end of the spectrum , instead of the micromanaging wich could get time consuming on LOTR2 . LOTR3 swings the other way so completely you can not even decide what type of Army you want.Types of troops you raise are completely dependant on the lords you install in your land parcels . Not bad If I had an inexhaustible supply of each type to decide what I wanted . Nope , you have what the game gives you and thats it . Worse you could n't micromanage things even if you wanted to . Then they fubared the combat , whatever you do do n't attack a castle , the enemy 's troops will hide out on the walkway behind the walls while your troops will mill around in the bottom of the courtyard getting shot full of arrows.If you like simplistic games this would be the one for you . The only effective gameplay decisions you will ever make are which lord do I install , where should my next army come from and who do I invade next ?
 As a long time gamer I must say that this is the epitome of a mediocre game . Bad graphics , bad gameplay , bad all . I looked forward to a Stronghold-like experience , where you got to build up your caste , instead , you get to `` upgrade your caste '' what the heck ? this must be the single worst sim-game I have ever played.I read their forums . Everyone there was concerned about the announced price . It was supposedly a new `` marketing '' strategy , but its just a blunder dressed up with a tie . -LRB- ... -RRB- NOT WORTH YOUR TIMENOT WORTH THE DRIVE TO YOUR GAME RETAIL STOREDONT BUY IT , PERIOD .
 I do n't know what is going on . I wrote a review for this game yesterday and checked to see if it was up today and there are now zero reviews ! There were about 2 dozen 1-star reviews and a smattering of 4-5 star reviews from ppl who had n't played the game yet but were sure it would rock . Amazon are you caving to vendors now?Anyway , here is my review ... again.This game is a complete ripoff . LOTR2 is one of my favorite games of all time ; if it ran on win2k I 'd still play it -LRB- tip
 This game was on my top 10 wish list for games I wanted . I could not wait for it to come out . Now that I have it , how dissappointing it was.When I first got Lords of the Realms 2 , I played it the first day for 15 staight hours . It was my first taste of real time strategy and started my conversion from puzzle games to RTS and FPS games . With Realms 3 , it took all of the good things from Realms 2 and got rid of them . You can no longer control the resources you collect like rock , trees , and your food . You now place a vassal on a vacant plot and you get either gold or food . Thats it . You also ca n't raise an army . The only way you can get an army is to place a Knight on a vacant plot or buy mercanaries . But if you do n't own enough land , you can only have so many Knights or you will not have enough money or farms . If you are short on farms , your army will abandon you . The longer your Knight is on the board , the more men he will collect , but it takes a very long time to collect a very small amount of men . You used to be able to control your lands easier and make your city grow , then raise an army . But not now.The most irritating thing is fighting . If you go to an enemies lands and take out his farm , if you do n't leave an army back , they will instantly place another vassal for a farm . Even if you take out their castle , you still ca n't take over their land until you do more damage to their land.The next irritating thing is the armies . You can kill all of the enemies armies which leaves his plot open . He will then place another Knight to replace his beaten Knight and then attack you and somehow he has an army twice your size . I beat one enemies Knights completely 3 straight times and he still came back with 2 large armies and force me from his land . Not sure how that happened as I went through every Knight of the Realm and never found a large army once . When an army takes damage , their color changes . When they get to red , they are discouraged and they disband during the fight . So how he can keep coming back is beyond me becasue your army needs time to heal.And the last irritating thing is the battles . It seems like every time I go to the battle screen , another army attacks my lands . That is because there is no pause in the game when try to fight the battles yourself . If you let the computer do it for you , you lose alot more than you should plus you do n't get to play the game . There needs to be a pause during battles so you can enjoy the game more . You also ca n't build siege weapons . You have buy siege mercanaries . Not cooll at all.The games does n't totally suck . It is challenging -LRB- although very repititious -RRB- and the graphics are pretty good -LRB- although I have n't been able to see the intro movie or any other cutscenes even thought I downloaded the patch . not sure whats up with that -RRB- , but that is about it.If they plan on making another , they better go back to what worked for Realms 2 & 3 and incorporate it in Realms 4 , otherwise this franchise is dead if it is n't already .
 LOTR2 was a classic game . LOTR3 should have expanded on the things that made LOTR2 good , but strangely removes all the interesting bits in managing your lands , and leaves you with kind of a weaker version of a `` Total War '' title.Everything happens in real time , which means armies * crawl * across the global map far to slowly . This would have been better handled as a turn based element . Not fun.Individual parcels of land do n't seem to be anymore valuable than any other parecls of land . You do n't seem to get invovled into that `` damn I really need that mine/deposit/wood '' . No choke points on the maps either . Not fun.Actual battles are frenzied , quick , and extremely hard to control . Calvary types can get arcoss the battle maps faster than I can even select my troops and get them into some sort of logical order . Not fun.There are many possible formations and stances for individual troops , but no logical formations for groupings of more than one troop type . I.e. if you select a troop of archers and a troop of pikemen for instance and tell them to march to a location , they march off as if the others did n't exist . That means the faster moving archers arrive first and get wasted by melee types , then the pikes arrive , who engage the enemy melee types , but get mowed down by the enemy archers . Lightly armored ranged troops should fall in behind melee troops . Other games have been doing this for years now . Whats the problem ? Not fun.Not too much point trying flanking with calvary either . The lighter faster troops arrive first , so you may as well just plough straight into them . My battle tactics have simply been to pause the game , select all troops , and direct them all to attack en mass at the center of the enemies ranks . Mindless . Not fun.Attacking castles is painful . You ca n't seige them as in LOTR2 , you just attack with your current troops straight away . Troops scale the walls etc , but this combat seems buggy and confusing . Units appear to get get trapped up on the walls , and no quick capture the flag to end battles . LOTR2 is * much * better in this aspect.No skirmish mode . Yep . NO SKIRMISH MODE . Not fun.I 'd suggest looking around for `` Kohan Immortal Sovereigns '' , or a `` Total War '' game over this one .
 Well to start , I should have listened to the reviews . I read the negative reviews and thought that they could not be accurate . As a big fan of Lords 2 I felt that Lords 3 would be at least as good . Well I was totaly wrong . This game is a total disappointment . The only action is in choosing vasels to run your realm . Well as in Lords 2 I enjoyed runing all aspects . What made Lords 2 a great game were many little fun things to do such as choosing which weapons the blacksmith would produce , choosing what to put on which field , coming up with battle strategies and repairing damaged castles . Lords 3 has none of this . I say to Sierra shame on you , and I will think long and hard before buying a Sierra game again . You should save face and refund the fans money . To the game producers go play Lords 2 and see how you ruined such a good title . To the fans , do what I did not do and trust the reviews .
 This is unbelievable . All the great things about the Lords of the Realm II have been removed and nothing good has been added . Gone is the management of the territory resources , instead you simply assign a vassal to an area and they produce just one type of resources . To make matters worse , you armies are produced automatically so you dont even get to choose your army types . The battles start automatically but you are not even taken to the battlefield automatically so you can ened up missing the battle if you dont go there right away . I read the other reviews but I thought the sencond one was such fun I should give this one a try . Big mistake save your money .
 Worst game ever ... it 's as if the game has devolved back to the level of LOTRI ... unbelievable waste of money . Clearly some things must have been rushed -LRB- siege equipment , lack of micromanagement of your vassals and their lands , etc. -RRB- . For anyone who loved the balance of state management w / diplomacy and war that made LOTRII great will be sadly disappointed . Hopefully they 're redeem themselves by making LOTRIV less like the crap game I just wasted $ 20 on .
 Who does Vivendi take us for ? I am so insulted by this game that I would not let a 2-year-old kid play it , because it would be so far below his intellectual capabilities that continued exposure would eventually decrease his IQ to the equivalent of that of a can of tuna fish . This game should have a player upper age limit of ONE !!! Or maybe I am wrong , and maybe there is an upper IQ limit of 20 or 30 specified in the nonexistent game manual which came with the European version of the game.The user interface is sad , empty , and devoid of life , detail , and options . The gameplay is just not there - it 's like driving a car in which you do n't even have to hold the steering wheel , you just assign vassals to do it for you . And there is not much to be done to begin with . 4 types of vassals , you assign them and then you are done with them , and then you have to watch your armies crawl across the land and that 's pretty much all there is to do in this game.No cows , no sheep , no blacksmiths , no making your own weapons , and your money gets stolen every 30 minutes or real time , with no way to prevent it or otherwise do anything about it . Even the diplomacy is worse than in Lords 2 . They say that there is in-depth diplomacy in the game . However , you can not even order an ally to attack an enemy . Where is the depth?The battles are sad . In the good old Lords 1 & 2 , I was able to control every single soldier , and in this great new sequel I can only control complete companies . Gone is the beauty of luring the enemy archers with a knight into a group of knights waiting on the other side of the forest.There are no terrain obstacles , there is no real strategy in the battles , and even if there was , the units move far too slowly so it does n't matter anyway . Also , when units climb castle walls , they tend to get stuck in them , and that is not cool - especially if the enemy has archers on another castle wall - then you have automatically lost the battle . The castles look ridiculous - they look like children 's toys , and there are no moats or anything like that.The game took very long to load , and I have AMD Athlon XP 2400 + , 1 GB RAM , and 128 MB ATI Radeon 9800 Pro , under Windows XP . If that is not good enough , I do n't know what is . And for taking so long to load , the graphics were not even decent by today 's standards.I liked the music , it was pretty interesting . But that is about the only decent part of the game.There is no information given about anything in the game . I can understand that they wanted to get away from resource gathering , but this is ridiculous . There is not even a report on how many counties I have , whether the people are happy - perhaps the game is trying to be realistic and to show us that in the Middle Ages the kings did n't care about whether their subjects are happy but I do care about that.There is a very old abandonware RTS game called Metal Marines , which one can find in the Home of the Underdogs . The game is ancient -LRB- poor graphics , poor sound , poor music , but GREAT spirit -RRB- but it is so much more fun than this 21st century piece of bad software . Lords Of The Realm 3 has absolutely no spirit whatsoever , not to mention the complete and utter lack of replayability.I hate the fact that there is no return policy for the game in retail stores . It 's not like I am going to make illegal copies of this game - I do n't see why anyone would , it 's absolutely horrible . No wonder the price was reduced to $ 20 so quickly - but the game should be recalled - I would n't take it for free now that I know how bad it is.Even the Shockwave-based catapult game which is offered for free download at the Lords 3 official website is a better and more fun game than Lords 3 . My advice is , whoever you are , whatever you like , stay away from this game , because you wo n't like it - especially not if you liked those wonderful games Lords 1 & 2 .
 I was raised on the original Lords game , and played 2 a little bit as well . I was certainly surprised to find this little gem for 19.99 on Amazon ... so I decided to pick it up.What started out as general interest turned to disapointment rather quickly . The geniuses at Sierra decided to relinquish most of the aspects that made the predecessors fun . Now all you do is build an army , wait for the troops to swell its ranks , and unleash your hordes upon your foes . Rinse and repeat.You have the option to engage into each individual battle , but that matters little in the later stages . You end up furiously managing each army all over the map -LRB- no thumbnail or country map to quick scroll too-frustrating -RRB- and when you feel satisfied with your tasks , you wait . And wait . And wait . Feeling the need to provide strategic help to your troops ? Good luck . It seems to me the battles are basically won with rudimentary plans and superior numbers . My heavy cavalry takes on some swordsmen and ends up routed ? WTF ?! Economics and empire management have been completely phased out of this game . EVERYTHING is delegated to your vassals . Yeah , you have to build a farm , a city for income , but overall ? Build armies , move around , fight , rinse and repeat.My suggestion - save your money , and buy a total war . I picked up Medieval , and hope I wo n't be as disappointed as I was with this once proud classic ...
 I was looking forward to this game . I absolutely loved Lords of the Realm 2 . I can pick it up and even play it today and enjoy it greatly . Part 3 however is awful . All of the fun parts of 2 are gone . The battles are boring , and the graphics are really dated . The game is full of bugs and is just not fun to play . Playing the game once feels repetative . This game has no replay value at all .
 I did n't buy this game through Amazon - Maybe if I had looked here first I would have seen all the terrible reviews and saved myself $ 20.00 . The graphics are the only improvement over Lords II , and as has been stated by others , they 're still below par.Here I was , oh-boy all excited to play the next Lords Of The Realm game , and boy-oh-god what a dissapointment . Really , Sierra , how can you justify releasing a game in the Lords franchise that mocks everything that was good about its predecessor?I want my money back . I want my money , and the 2 hours I spent trying to get into the game . I suppose if I complain enough I might get the money back , but that two hours is gone . Forever .
 That 's right , I am sick and tired of getting a little excited about the game release and now it was pushed back until 2004 !! While I am a hugh LOR2 fan -LRB- ... -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- have let me down for the final time .
 I 'm a little disappointed about the fact that Sierra announced the release of LOR III in 2002 . The latest review states Spring 2004 . I hope the game will be released before summer holidays . If I was to work like that as an independent engineer , I would have been bancrupt by now.Please release this game , I 'm disappointed in the other games that were announced as the successors to LOR II -LRB- and I ca n't get LOR II startet on my new PC with XP Pro ! -RRB-
 There is not much to say It 's just too boring.Lords 3 is a true disappointment . Unlike Lord II even Lord 1 was much more better than Lords 1
 This is one for the gaming history books . This is one of the worst games ever made . When I bought this game a few years ago , I was so excited seeing that I have played Lords of the Realm II since about 1997 and is such a super great game . When I first installed and ran this game , I could not believe how different of a game this was . I looked nothing like Lords of the realm , and was one of the worst games I have ever played . I played this game for about 3 hours , and then uninstalled it from my computer and threw it into an old storage room . And I have never touched it since . If I could have returned it I would have with haste . Like a lot of reviewers have said here , save your money and avoid this piece of garbage . You will be glad you did . I wasted my money on this joke of a game ; and I hope you do n't . Thanks .
 I remember years back being on the official Lords3 BBS , and being one of MANY to warn the developers NOT to make this into an RTS game . In fact , I begged , pleaded , cajoled , coaxed , WARNED the devs that turning Lords-3 into something it was n't meant to be would be a huge mistake.Then I recanted . I thought , well , maybe something neat and new 'll come out of this effort.Nope.My first gut instincts were right , and so were everyone elses ' who at first asked , and then demanded that Lords-3 be kept a turn based game . But , as luck would have it , the marketers won out . And the Development team were required to crank out a piece of crap real time strategy game . That , and the music stank . I mean it sucked big time.The only redeeming factor was that the battlefield graphics were okay . That is until the armies actually fought one another , and then you saw a cascade of of swords and clumps of computer generated soldiers fighting over the same two-square feet of game territory.There was barely any management involved . No creation of troops . No empire building . No nothing that made the first two Lords and Lords of Magic games incredibly fun to play.It , was , all , GONE!Man , oh man , oh man . And to think that I , me , personally , sent off some of my best gaming ideas to the offshoot company that was formed after Impressions Games closed it 's door , for a medieval themed `` unofficial '' sequel to Lords of the Realm 2 , a little game entitled `` Stronghold '' , and THAT game went off to earn MILLIONS . That , as opposed to Lords-3 and its alleged `` independent '' minded developers who shirked my ideas of tunneling , or hurtling dead animals over a wall via catapult , or allowing hunters to be part of armies . Pitch , mixing of wall types for castles , etc. , `` Stronghold '' had it all . `` Stronghold '' , the battlefield version , was what Lords-3 wanted to be , but the developers did n't know it.After I passed on my list of ideas to one of the key employees , I figured , well , they 'll look it , and throw it in the waste paper basket . But maybe they 'll get a little inspired by one or two . Well , truly great minds think alike -LRB- or I just got lucky in that they happened to choose the same ideas I was thinking of -RRB- , again , Stronghold triumphs . Lords-3 ? Not so much.Stronghold spawned an expansion pack . Three expansion packs , in fact ! Tons of websites with user made maps , and TWO 3D accelerated sequels ! Lords-3 ? Again , not so much.So , what did I find redeeming about Lords-3 ? Well , truly I did like the tactical maps . I did n't like the music . I did n't like the game play itself in either the strategic or tactical side of things . But , I did very much like how the tactical battlefields were rendered . Those were truly impressive . But the sum total of the game ? No.Well , Stronghold thrives . But the Lords series seems to have permanently laid down lance and shield . And the whole tragic thing about this is that it did n't need to be so.I remember the most apparent truth about creativity is that only creative people , artistic people , can contribute to a creative effort . Not business people . Business people are borderline sociopathic , if not fully sociopathic . They have no sense of pleasure , empathy nor right nor wrong . Where the artist has all these things and more.The people at Sierra and Activision should 've listened to their talent and creative fan base . But , for whatever reason , they did not . And those that reaped the fruits of heart felt labor succeeded beyond their wildest dreams . I was part of that . I got no money for it . I got no recognition for it . But the developers knew me back then , and I was more than glad to contribute.However , in retrospect , I sure could use the money now.But , regardless , if you must buy a copy of Lords of the Realm 3 , then buy one of the real cheap leftover used copies . Otherwise do n't waste your money .
 This game is a much anticipated sequel to Lords of the Realm II . A great game , but lacking in computer AI and graphics . I personally have been waiting for this game FOREVER . It was originally announced to be released in the last quarter of 2000 ! Up until recently , it was December 2002 , then March 2003 , then September 2003 , and now its been pushed back to November.Lords of the Realm II was released in 1996 . Eight years between sequels . Assuming they stick with this newest pushed back release date . At this point , the unexplained , unreasonable 3 or 4 years of pre-announcements at this game 's release makes me angry enough to forgoe buying this game at all . I give this game a one , due to the shameful behavior of the company regarding the treatment of the game 's fans .
 Of course being a LOTR II fan , I had high hopes for this game . After a few hours of play and being really bored , I thought to myself , `` maybe I just do n't know how to play this game yet . '' Do n't bother reading the manual , it does n't help at all , it just gives a real vague overview of the game.Now after reading other 's reviews I know I was n't alone in being rather unexcited about this game . I give it two stars because I like the battle scenes a lot more than in the first game . But that is it . It 's true that the land management being gone makes this game a lot more boring . It just feels like the player places their vassals and occasionally fight some battles with armies moving slower than molasses and spends a lot of time just waiting . Do n't bother with this one .
 THIS IS TOWARD Pierre , games not out and you give it a five star rating.PLEAAAAASSSSEEE !!!! . Get the real deal not a beta version before rating , and dont rate it off of old games .
 Being a huge fan of Lords of the Realm 2 , I had high expectations for Lords 3 . After playing it , the $ 20 price tag makes sense . In my opinion , the game is horrible . They 've taken all of the best aspects from Lords of the Realm 2 , removed them , and fixed up the graphics a bit -LRB- which are n't too impressive -RRB- . Most the economical aspects of Lords 2 have been destroyed , and the battles are fairly boring and somewhat buggy . After waiting for a long time for this release I 'm extremely dissapointed . If I could return this game for half the cost I payed for it I would .
 they completely changed the intereface and the whole game in general . One of the worst sequels ever
 The reviews of many unahappy gamers seem to have gone missing yet once again.If you are a fan of the first 2 Lords of the Realm games you will be very dissapointed with this game . The fun aspects of the turn based strategy game have been reduced or completely cut and the real time strategy is buggy , slow , tedious and boring . Even though the price has been cut in half , I would not play this game past a few minutes if it were free .
 Not only did I waste my $ 20.00 on this game but I wasted another $ 20.00 on the strategy guide . Keep your money and play the old Lords of the Realm games . I will have to think long and hard befor I buy another game by Sierra .
 OK !!! Here we go i loved lotr2 great game and like everyone else has stated , this is nothing like lotr2 . This triology should never have existed . They should have stopped at 2 . I really am not going to get into the game and its details very much because it has been talked about over and over again by others . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!! That is all i have to say . I paid $ 8 on amazon for this and I would have rather thrown that $ 8 in the fire .
 Not only did I go out to try and find the game when it came out but when i had to buy it online i had it expressed shipped . I would have to say that it is the most disappointing game I have ever played . If you are expecting anything close to lords II you will be extremely sadened when you play this . I did not even play long enough to find the bugs that people claim to have in the battles . After going through the poor tutorial i am surprised anyone made it to the actual gameplay . If you are considering buying this please just dont waste your money , take the memories you have of lords II and enjoy them , because lords III will just ruin them .
 The 2d graphic elements and design to the game are GREAT - just beautiful . But the game is horrible ! And yeah , it plays like a console game - really DUMBED down!Here 's the problems I see : No sandbox mode - thats right folks , you need to UNLOCK maps to play them ! ARG ! You ca n't assign the AI 's difficulty , and or even how many there are on a map !!!!!!!!!!! All preset scenarios - like I 'm some stupid 13 year old who ca n't decide how he wants play all by himself.Some odd behavior among the AI such as armies appearing instantly at home when they `` retreat '' from a battle in foreign lands . I had ALL of my enemy 's army magically appear instatly at a castle I was JUST defeating - talk about stupid feature . retreating needs to be fixed . Once when I retreated ALL my armies magically dispersed to their home fiefdoms at home ... Game balance is lacking a certain edge to it that would make things more fun and graspable - esoteric I know , but LOTR2 had that , so did every other impression game , in fact.Speed adjustments ruin animations - game plays sort of fast in normal mode - castles get built REALLY quick . All you do is pay money and about 1 minute later , castle all done!You ca n't reinforce battles as they are going on !?!? What the ? I had a poorly defended castle then rushed reinforcements ... they arrived ... and stood there doing nothing while the enemy army burned it to the ground!Hiring mercenaries is not explained very well - as in when do they show up ? randomely ? depends on your town ? what?The manual is garbage.interface is trash . hot spots are too small and not intuitive.pilaging the enemy lands does n't last but a few seconds and POOF up springs another enemy fief fort complete with troops . Annoying . Not an AI cheat as you can do this yourself too - once you assign the lord , poof you get an army or instant food for your army . Stupid.there 's no list of who your current assigned people are -LRB- like KoH already has ONSCREEN ! -RRB- - only a list of * unassigned * people constantly lined up to go - who cares about them!The interface as far as getting information and getting to do the things you want to do is really opage and involves a lot of clicking to search for the one piece of info you want.But , as I 've said elsewhere the graphic art to this game is superb - I mean the menues and faces and such . Really beautifully integrated ... too bad that 's not enough.And little things ruin it too , here 's another
 Lord of the Realm I and II kick ass compared to this game . I could n't even get into it . I gave it a chance because I waited so long for this release . If this was any other games I would of dropped it in the first 15 minutes . Luckily , I did n't pay for it and tested it out first . I knew something was up when it dropped from $ 50 to $ 20 and was delayed for years . Do not buy ! total rip off ! I could make a game better than this .
 I played this game once . THEN I SOLD IT . IT KILLS ITSELF because when you put the disk in the computer freezes . My computer never freezes . WHEN IT WORKS IT IS SO EASY . PLAY AGE OF MYTHOLOGY , RISE OF NATIONS , and CIVILIZATION 3 CONQUESTS INSTEAD .
 I installed this program on our PC that runs all sorts of other games and it just locks up each time . I even upgraded our video card to no avail . I have more than the minimum requirements for hardware and still can not get this game to work . Biggest waste of money . Do n't buy this unless you have the ultimate gaming PC like Alienware .
 Amazon REALLY needs to improve accuracy . I bought this from a `` used '' seller and got Madden '94 for the 3DO gaming console . That 's not even close to the correct product . Amazon does n't bother to make sure that listings are accurate . This STUFF is unacceptable , inexcusable and totally preventable . We should be able to contact sellers PRIOR to placing orders to confirm that they will send us the correct bloody item !
 Hoyle has always been my favorite games but ever since I bought the new state of the art Dell computer with windows XP , and a 23 '' LCD screen , Hoyle coul n't take it . Only Hoyle games ca n't handle it as it creates lines accross the top of the screen , Bicycle games handle it perfectly . Please upgrade your program .
 When playing five card stud you may get 2 GOOD hands out of 28 . Omaha Hold 'em is just as bad ... The computer players always seem to know when to fold ... I will return mine and will not buy another one until improvements are made ... wish I had checked online before purchasing !!!!!!!
 Part of the problem with Hoyle Casino has always been that the odds have been heavly weighted toward the computer players . With this new version , it is even worse . Playing in a poker tournament , the computer players are constantly getting 3 of a kind , full house , straights and flushes , while you never seem to be able to catch these . And when you do get a good hand , they somehow end up with a better one . Also , if I was playing at a blackjack table in Vegas where the dealer was continuously getting 20 and 21 every single hand , I would leave that table . I would recommend that you go somewhere else for a casino game , this one is terrible.I wish that I had been able to play the game somewhere before I bought it , I never would have !!! Two thumbs down
 Even after full installation of this game , the CD must be inserted in the drive to play it . I hope this new form of `` corporate greed '' backfires in a big way . Stay away , do n't buy any Sierra Product !
 Like the others , we should have read the online reviews first , instead of making this purchase on the fly.PROS : * Highly customizable animated characters is quite fun . * Game environment feels very casino like , with the sounds and other player commentary.CONS : * Requiring the CD in the tray to play this game is annoying . * MUCH worse than that , you ca n't do anything else on your computer when this game is running . They recommend that you close ALL other programs to run it . We host a WebCam from our computer 24/7 , and have to stop the camera to play this game . We were horrified to learn this and are not sure that the software is returnable . We 'd return for that reason alone . * The game will open full screen , and Windows XP useres will think that they do n't even have access to their Taskbar at the bottom of the screen . If you find that to be the case , you can alter one of the program 's settings , so it will load at a set reduced size -LRB- that 's almost too small -RRB- . There is no in-between size or ability to stretch and shink the program box to a custom size , which would have been better . In addition , using the Taskbar to access your other programs is pretty worthless anyway , since the program wo n't work right if you have other programs running.RECOMMENDATION : * Give the Bicycle brand a try instead . Do n't waste your money on what could have been a very nice piece of software .
 This company ignored what I wanted and substituted another game instead of the one I requested . Prehaps the could care less of the customers wishes and only about their profits and ridding themselfs of their over stocked merchandise . I am disapoined in the transaction .
 Each year , Sierra and Hoyle have released a new version of Hoyle Casino . Each year , they have added additional casino games or new modes of play . The 2004 release of Hoyle Casino breaks this trend . Hoyle Casino 2004 adds no new games into the mix , and offers little value compared to the 2003 edition.Other changes from the 2003 to 2004 edition include not being able to play the game without the CD in the drive . This is highly annoying for those who may wish to play the game on multiple machines that they own . Previous versions allowed you to play the game without the CD in the drive -LRB- internet play and player voices were disabled . -RRB- Sierra would have been wise to pay attention to the furor of the customers for Intuit 's 2003 TurboTax release and their complaints about copy protection methods.An additional change that I find particularly annoying is that the game pauses itself if you open a different window during play . While playing poker in Hoyle Casino 2003 , I would often open a web browser and switch to it while the computer plays out a hand I folded out of . In Hoyle Casino 2004 , the AI players do not play while the program window does not have focus.While the gameplay is still the same great gameplay that one would expect from Sierra and their Hoyle Games line , the 2004 edition does not present enough value to make another purchase worthwhile .
 Shortly after installing the game , I start up a $ 1000 , 14 hand Draw Poker tournament , with 8 players.I lost profoundly . Those eight players managed to come up with SEVEN four of a kinds . Over 14 hands.In all years of real poker playing I probably see a 5-card draw poker four of a kind one in every 100 or maybe 200 hands . Not 50 % of the time.Next tournament , first hand , I managed a three of a kind , and lost to a flush and two full houses . Just how many cards are in this deck anyway?The graphics , sound , game choices , and presentation are nice , but with such a skewed random number generator , who needs it?Find the 2003 version in the bargain bin instead , which looks and sounds almost identical and at least played a fair , fun game .
 I really wish I had read the reviews here about Hoyle Casino 2004 . I bought the game this week , and did a full install on my laptop . I use my laptop for travel , so I expected to be able to play this game on the long flights.Lo and behold I was shocked when I found out that I could not play the game without the CD inserted in the CD-Rom . As a frequent traveller I find this unacceptable . I tend to lose CD 's when I travel , or damage them due to the hectic packing and unpacking of my personal things . I tried to make a backup copy of the CD , and found out that I have to buy a program that will defeat the copyright protection like Alcohol 120 % or CloneCD.Even if I do spend the extra money and time to make a portable copy of the original so I do n't lose it or break it , I will still kill the battery if I 'm on a flight that lasts more than a couple of hours . The other solution is to make an image of the CD on my hard drive , and point the game to that . This would take up more precious space on my hard drive , when the game already took up 455 MB of space on my drive with the install already.All in all I am very fed up with Hoyle and their disdain for paying customers . I do n't want to be treated like a criminal , and I will boycott all future Hoyle products.Stay away from this product !!!
 This game is OK for the basics , but do n't expect anywhere near a real experience here . I ca n't tell you how many times I get beat on the last card , with just one higher card , say a 9 high to my 8 high . Always with only one card higher ! That 's not real . Plus , too many of the players are idiots , while a few are otherworldly lucky . It 's nothing close to a random draw , and that 's what you need for a real experience .
 The makers of this software managed to take a good product and make it bad . The cutesy little drink and voice additions only get on your nerves after only a minute or two . As for the playing they seemed to have added flaws that are n't there in the previous versions . And the poker playing which is what I enjoyed on the older versions is awful in this version . The players are viscious and if you like playing a more laid back game it wo n't happen in this one . I 'm taking this one off my computer and putting the older one back on . I 'm only giving this one star because I was n't allowed to give it no stars .
 UPDATE 1-DON ' T RUN FULL SCREEN : You may be able to run other software simultaneously with this game , including WebCams , if the game is not played in its default FULL SCREEN mode . This must be initially set up without other software programs running . 1 -RRB- Start Casino , then press OK on the SIGN IN screen . 2 -RRB- These buttons will become available
 Boardroom : Suit A
 I bought this controller as well as a San Diego Chargers wireless controller for both my kids for Christmas 06 . All my anticipated excitement was soon squashed by the poor design of the battery compartment . It stacks the AAA batteries in a pyramid , 2 on the base with the 3rd on top . The 3rd battery constantly pops out and is very difficult to keep in . The compartment door itself does not stay closed either further aggrevating the situation . It seems those guys down at Mad Catz could design this with a rechargable battery and docking station . They say they redesigned newer controllers without the vibrating feature to save battery power . Should have spent that R&D time redesigning the battery compartment issue . Another issue is that the controller symbols do not light up , and if they did , it would be an added bonus . All and all a great idea , just needs some tweaking ...
 The graphics are improved , the engine is improved , the game play sucks . No longer are you thinking about what to build , how to maneuver your formations and where to have them focus . This is bigger picture , and I honestly think it takes most of the fun away from the old one . If they only improved the originals graphics and added a few more ships and another great story . This story is terrible , and almost non existent . No book breaking down everything for you like the original had , no feeling of discovery , and none of the personal attachment or feeling of control you felt in the first one . Formations have been replaced with types of doctrinalish tasks like Frigate Screen . Instead of building your own formations out of whatever you liked and moving it how and where you liked , now you build fleets you have little control over . Not gratifying . You do n't build individual units like you did in the first one , except on the frigate and above level . Now you build little wings of 3 or so that do your bidding . The worst thing they screwed up was the research . No longer do you research for you fleet in general , now every ship must have a research facility installed on its actual superstructure -LRB- read
 Look , I 've been a Homeworld fan ever since I bought it when it FIRST came out , it was beautiful , the graphics were just delightful , and the stradegy was complex to a portion where I can sit in a room , for 20 hours of non-stop harvesting and planning of an attack with a lil ' math and algebra on the side.When I started to play Homeworld 2 , I was hyped , and ready to complete the saga in my world of stradegy gaming other than StarCraft , WarCraft , Age of Empires , and all those other fun stuff.I began by downloading the Demo from Sierra , and I was full blown by the new graphics it had , though my video card was really acting kinda messy since it was the summer time . -LRB- Yeah seasonal changes make items work slower or faster . -RRB- Anyways , when I started to play the demo , I used the mechanism of the keyboard and controls of what Homeworld 1 had , lemmie tell you this , TOTALLY DIFFERENT ! I ca n't believe my eyes of what I felt and seen ! Everything ; the whole concept has changed , the keys and etc. . Then I saw that the stradegies have changed , and there were only 3 formation patterns I could only choose for my fithers , I 'm like , WHAT IN THE WORLD WERE THEY THINKING !? I really wanted to bust a few chops with my strategic mind ... so then I thought to myself , eh , not bad , lemmie get the whole game and see what it 's really worth ... Bought it , it 's totally the same concept , does n't relate to Homeworld 1 , does n't relate to ANYTHING LIKE HOMEWORLD AT ALL ! I thought that they would stick to their story , but the whole thing changed ... I was really mad about it.The game-play suddenly became boring , just traveling with no real dog-fight , `` Some destiny this is ... '' ok , maybe a few dog-fights , but the game just gets harder and harder * like any other game * But I 'm looking at it , I swear to you , I would 've beaten all these fools if I had all those formation patterns . This game has less stradegy in mind , and the shipmaking , is just build in bulk , something that a gamer would NEVER LIKE . Listen , usually , it 's always great to build ONE AT A TIME ... WHY !? BECAUSE HAVING THAT FEELING TO SIT ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT WAITING FOR THAT SPECIAL OBJECT TO BE BUILT REALLY SHOWS THAT IT 'S A GREAT GAME . This however , was truly dissappointing ... No wonder it was 20 bux . Not many people like it ! For God 's sake even Diablo 2 is 20 times better than this and the graphics can be as horrible as they want , but their game play is just completely mind blowing as well as the story line.For all kids that love graphics , I suggest this game as a STARTER , but for gaming stradegy and story lines , I suggest that you should TURN BACK , THERE 'S NOTHING TO SEE BUT A GAME THAT TAKES 20 HOURS OF YOUR LIFE JUST SITTING AND WAITING FOR NOTHING , BUT RUNNING AWAY FROM YOUR ENEMIES.Even Homeworld Cataclysm is better than this . I would n't call this game trash though , but would 've worth a lot of money if they knew how to bring back the story line as what they were before , but spiced up , with more allies and enemies , and probably if Sierra was lucky , deception .
 I think the video card in my PC wo n't let me play this game - I wish it had said something on the Amazon site to tell me that . I ca n't get the game to play . I may just wait until this Winter when I get a new PC ... . Very disappointed - liked both the other Homeworlds a lot ...
 I have now purchased this game twice and been completely unable to get it to run properly off of CD or fully installed . I have a top-of-the-line gaming system.First disc was actually flawed and would not install at all - second purchase installed and then would not start.Even the patch download was flawed and had to be installed twice - it still does not play - and i will now return 2 full copies without ever playing the game.Support for this game is non-existent and you will receive no help at all from the company website . The do give you your money back , but save time and just do n't buy it - and read up on any of their products before trusting Vivendi.Total waste of money and time .
 It does n't allow the camera to be panned like it should . Homeworld and Catalysm did camera pannaning the same way but they work .
 I really can not believe the 5 star reviews for this game . I can only assume that it gets an extra 3 automatically for being the sequel to the `` 1999 Game of the Year '' -LRB- as Sierra is so fond of advertising -RRB- . I 'm a big fan of the Homeworld series and enjoyed the two previous installments greatly , so needless to say I was quite looking forward to cracking open HW2 . The demo was n't exactly inspiring , I was n't really fond of some of the modifications that were made to the game 's basic formula . Namely the inclusion of unit `` squadrons '' and a more emphasised `` paper-rock-scissors '' balance scheme . Even so , I managed to talk myself into shelling out 40 bucks for the game ... d'oh ! Despite all the `` its too hard ! '' comments floating around , I was undaunted , I do n't mind a challenge . Unfortunately , the challenge in HW2 is afforded mostly by a test of how fast you can click your mouse and navigate around the -LRB- nicely updated -RRB- interface . A typical campaign mission in HW2 consists mostly of you constantly trying to repel a ceaseless barrage of enemy ships ... while trying to complete both your mission goals , AND without sucking up every single resource unit on the map before you get there.I 'm giving it 3 stars , for the following things
 I bought this game the day it came out i think , i played it for a while that day , and stopped playing it for about a month . Just today i started playing it again , and i remembered why i stopped playing.I guess the biggest flaw is this game is HARD . For some reason it seems that pc games only have two settings these days
 In light of completing Homeworld 2 twice , the review is a brutal truth of what the game is -- a game so challenging , so hard , it just simply is n't worth your bother . Ordinary gamers will derive no enjoyment from this . In a manner of words
 I 'm a big fan of both HW1 and Cataclysm . Both are enjoyable , paced well , and actually beatable.With that said , after reading many reviews here I decided to download the demo and see how bad the latest release is.Well , if you like stunning graphics and atmosphere , then it 's incredible . If you want enjoyable game play and strategy , forget it.See HW2 fell off the wagon when they decided to treat it like a `` port to PC '' game . It 's more like a game box rail shooter , auto-save , rampant attacks , little time to explore , gain knowledge , build . It 's just point and click , shoot to kill . It got so bad I expected to get secret codes to get to the next level like a Nintendo game boy title.Sorry Relic , you should have tweaked the engine and AI and improved the graphics and stopped there . If it ai n't broke do n't fix it .
 The original Homeworld had concept and graphics going for it , if not gameplay . Amusing , if tedious ... I remember setting things in motion and literally going away to eat lunch , then returning to see how it was proceeding . Homeworld 2 has exactly the same concept , noticeably improved graphics , a modified interface , and abysmal gameplay . Those who enjoy RTS titles and play games for enjoyment -- and is there any other rationale ? -- will be frustrated beyond tolerance by H2 . Long missions with multiple objectives , wave after wave of too powerful opposing units , inadequate resources , intrusive cutscenes and no provision for adjusting difficulty settings remove most of any sense of fun and adventure . With more imagination in the design and testing , this could have been a worthwhile successor to the original . Instead , you will either find yourself searching out cheat codes -- which remove any point to playing a game -- or uninstalling without finishing . Despite the many negative reviews , if you are still tempted to try this title wait for the reduced price jewel case version .
 I have Homeworld I , and it rocks . I had hoped Homeworld II would have been cool . WRONG ! It loaded onto my machine , and played the opening storyline just fine . After that , it locked up . No matter what I did , nothing . Maybe I had a bad copy , I do n't know . If you get this , you better be sure .
 Is it just me or am I the only one not happy with this game ? I liked the first Homeworld and I also liked Cataclysm as well which is odd because I 'm not a big strategy gamer to be honest . In Homeworld and Cataclysm the missions started out rather easy as they should be and start to get progressively harder and harder till near the end they become nearly impossible which is fine for me , but with Homeworld 2 the first 3 missions are a breeze beyond a breeze actually they are in fact so easy to beat that I was beginning to wonder when things would pick up -- they did when I hit mission 4 . The difficulty from mission 3 to mission 4 is much like this
 After playing the demo I notice that Homeworld2 Sucks in comparison to Cataclysm or the original Homeworld . They changed the controls for the worst . The AI sucks it seems they removed what made the original so unique in the fact that Tactics were very important . This game has become a C&C ; Copy . To win all you do is build up a massive fleet and in one big group you crush the other player the question is who builds and collects money the fastest . So unless Relic fixes the AI issue I would wait on this title till you see some real reviews . I could not believe how much they ruined the game ! I was just Amazed at the incompetents of Relic or who ever actually created the game.They should have done more testing with actual gamers !
 I was looking forward to this game , then I read the system requirements.This game requires you to have or buy a specific video card , I just upgraded to a 64 meg evil kyro and it wo n't even play the demo . If you have to buy a new video card every time a new game comes out to play the game then you will end up spending $ 150 each title instead of $ 50 . Most people do n't have the money or the knowhow to buy and install new hardware for the software they want to use . If these games keep tryint to push people to upgrade their computer then they are going to loose customers , like me . Until they put out a patch that allows this game to be played on the majority of the v-cards out there I will not be buying this game as it is worthless on my computer . I wonder how many other customers they will loose because of their idiocy?Ken
 I wanted to play and waited to play homeworld 2 for quite some time , only to find that my computer was not up to par , even though its less than a year old . I went and bought it anyway and it did n't work :-LRB- Be shure you meen ALL the system requirements so you do n't end up like me : -LRB-
 I felt like I 'm controlling an ant farm . Very bad perspective . All the ships and everything are really small . Also , if you notice most ships just do their own thing , there is no real feeling of control of the game at all - it 's like point ship at other ship , watch battle . Zzz . . boring . If you want a game where you can control your ship and how everything that occurs , I recommend Starscape -LRB- do a google search -RRB- . The space genre just is n't fitting for an RTS - especially with a game like Homeworld 2 where everything looks like the size of an ant and is barely controllable .
 Homeworld 2 seemed like a great game concept , so much potential , the first game seemed so simple , yet so amazing . I was really looking forward to the sequel , but unfortunately very few risks were taken by the publisher ... I think the original Homeworld 's success was the emotional content ... and also the angelic nature , almost a religious experience . The sound and the visuals , the voice , was from the heavens.In fact I ` d go as far as to say that HW2 is pointless , and not even ` more of the same ` ! I found the single player missions boring , just sending my craft forward and back , forward and back defending or attacking pre-defined waves of things . Once you failed the mission once , the 2nd time you ` d win because the attack patterns of the enemy were the same , all scripted -LRB- i.e. no strategic enemy AI -RRB- And the coolest things have been taken out ! Where is the Sphere and wall formations ?! - if you played the first one you ` ll be familiar with the amazing spectacle of creating a sphere formation , and setting it to GUARD your mother ship ... . WOW ! Try it ... Also works with your carriers etc. . . but not in HW2!The formations are far more conventional in HW2 . Very flat and boring.The frontend is pretty much the same , the ingame art just seems upgraded -LRB- more polygons and textures , more detail -RRB- rather than better as such , sort of what you ` d minimally expect and nothing more . The whole thing just does n't feel fresh like the original did back in ' 99 . The UI is behind the times , and has n't seen enough improvements ... games like Stronghold have a much better system where you can easily select all the units of a single type within a larger selection of mixed units.I suggest getting a copy of HW1 and completing it , it 's a much more involving experience . Playing against another player without the ship number restrictions is highly recommended ... you can fill the screen with ships - the dogfights are a spectacle to behold .
 What in the world have they done to my favourite series !?! Homeworld brought me back to RTS games and never let go ! It was an absolute breakthrough in gaming - a new genre altogether . The expansive fully realized 3D environment was -LRB- at the time of C&C and Star Trek Armada -RRB- ahead of everything else . Cataclysm built on that and made for an excellent sequel -LRB- albeit maybe a bit too easy -RRB- . I 've been anticipating this release for the last three years , and frankly , I want that time back.In short , this game blows . They have only slightly improved the graphics , the sound still sucks , and the gameplay is utter BS - every single mission is an exercise in frustration ... not enough RU 's to make up a fleet , if there are , you do n't have enough time to make up the fleet , if you do , it gets smoked almost immediately in the next board - assuming the damn game does n't lock up on you or boot you back to the desktop or , my personal fav , does nothing ! -LRB- i.e. you `` pass '' the mission , but it does n't let you move on -RRB- Buggy as hell.IMHO -LRB- from an ex-avid Homeworld fan -RRB- , give this one a miss and pick up a copy of Hegemonia
 This is another `` half a game '' . The software is there , it loaded on my machine but NO information on how to run the game . Waste of money . I did try getting on the Forums for Homeworld 2 - I hate Forums - but the writers of the `` walk through ' '' were people who have been playing earlier versions and their explanations assumed you knew all about the basics . Waste of time after a waste of money . I remember when game developers documented their games . Like Civilization 4 , which had a Civipedia section that documented the workings of the game . If you want to play strategy games , which are by their nature complex , do not buy this title . There is no documentation . It is just half a game .
 It looks and plays just like Homeworld only the atmosphere seems to be missing . The music is weak . The new captain is cold and boring . I do n't see anything innovative . You ca n't go inside the ships . It does n't meet the standards the original Homeworld set . Seems like they could have turned out this installment after a couple of months . What have they been doing the last four years ?
 The first 2 Homeworld games are my favorite all time games . This was unplayable for me . Even on the Easy setting I could barely get past the first couple of missions . The other games were much more relaxing and enjoyable . I found this game a complete frustration because of its difficulty . There are many other features I did not like such as the way one is just taken from 1 mission to the next without the chance to regroup .
 A game is supposed to be fun but this one is an absolute torture . Like everyone said that this game is such a frustration you will get more enjoyment from reading a phone book instead . Try an older sleeper game - Conquest
 I bought this game today and played it tonight.First , about me
 This game had so much potential but they blew it . Their idea of a smart A.I. is giving it overwelming force based on how much force you have at each senario start . Finish well they are huge , finish poorly they are smaller but still proportionally huge against you . This takes away any incentive to build your fleet which is usually one of the goals of a game.It means you are always about to die , your own skill does not gain you anything . It is sad that they could not afford a programer that could write a good A.I. . It truely is Lameworld .
 I 'm not an expert of Homeworld series , I 've never played any of the games other than this one , and I know nothing about the storyline . The intro video for Homeworld 2 really told me nothing more than these people called Hiigarans have found these things called `` Cores '' , which an evil man wants for himself , and so he attacks and destroys many colonies of the Hiigarans because they wo n't give them up . I wish I could tell more , but that is literally all that the intro movie tells you.Leaving it to more Homeworld-literate and informed reviewers to point out the flaws more in-depth , I 'll simply tell from my point of view.The User Interface is an utter mess of details and menus and submenus and obscurely shaped objects without labels that you have to figure out what they do by clicking them . It 's incredibly difficult to deal with , and you have to figure out what the wire-frames of each individual ship is , otherwise you 'll never figure out what ships you 've selected in space , because they are n't labeled unless you hover your mouse over them.The gameplay is terribly uninvolving . Due to the clunky controls , sight is a luxury not well spent on your own forces . Scrolling tends to go either too far in or too far away . You 're either watching the ships too closely , or so far away you ca n't tell what they 're doing . Another irritating feature is in cases of emergency , when you have to rush your ships over to enemies , is that you must click for them to attack the enemy as they zip past , because if you miss , your cursor will get stuck in a two-dimensional movement circle which essentially forces you to move the ship somewhere on its same plane in only two dimensions . Pressing escape resolves this , but it 's still a severe deterrent in emergency situations.The tutorial goes from baby-easy , to completely batnuts insanely difficult , as you go from one mission where you fight off a few enemy bombers pestering your Mothership , to fending off meager attacks on your transports , to suddenly encountering a fleet of several frigates , dozens and dozens and dozens of fighters and bombers , and only seconds after you 're supposed to destroy the enemy half the map away in a resource field.As the final sampling , the voice acting . Aside from the female voice of the Hiigaran leader , it seems they only hired one man to do the voices for all the ships and characters . And he does all of them in the exact same voice , lazy and monotone , even when his characters are about to die , sacrificing themselves to save you.All in all , I could n't believe how intolerably flawed this game was . It 's just plain ... bad . I 've never played any of the other Homeworld games , but I hope the first is better than this one .
 My son bought this game because he enjoyed the previous Homeworld . Thanks to undisclosed -- or at least poorly documented -- system requirements we can not run the game on our machine . Sending it back would cost more in shipping costs than it is worth , so he is stuck with the game hoping that our next computer meets the secret requirements . Vivendi support is not helpful . After this experience we wo n't be buying any more games for PCs . Only games for consoles and Macs , which have standardized hardware platforms .
 I ordered jumpstart typing to teach my child to type . It seems it is only for practice . Immediately they have your child practice combinations of letters , and never introduce them one at a time . The children can not access the games until they demonstrate a certain level of competancy -LRB- they need to type letter combinations over and over - even I was bored and I can type . -RRB- I thought the games were supposed to help them learn . I am very disappointed in this software and do not recommend it to anyone
 The graphics are high quality , but the interface , navigation system , and strategy are horrible and non-intuitive . Also , it seems to teach more letter recognition than typing . And of course , like most Jumpstart products , it does not completely install to the hard drive , forcing you to use the CD every time , which after a few handlings by children , quickly becomes scratched .
 I installed this on my child 's PC running Windows XP Professional with a 17 '' CRT set at 1152x864 pixels . The games and other features look more suitable for an elementary school age child than Mavis Beacon . However , unlike Mavis Beacon , Jumpstart Typing 2003 is not designed to rescale its window or change the resolution of the screen . So , what appears on the screen is a tiny 640x480 VGA-sized window with tiny and difficult to read characters . I manually resized -LRB- the graphics card in the PC does n't have one of those status bar applets that let you resize quickly -RRB- the screen to 800x600 -LRB- it does not have an option to go to 640x480 -RRB- to get the on-screen letters large enough for comfortable reading . My other complaint is that like many children 's software , it asks to install Quicktime . I knew that the version I already had on the PC was the most current and elected not to install the CD-ROM supplied version . However , it does not check for a current version and warn that you may be installing an older version over your current installation . Were it not for the screen issue , I probably would have given this product a 3-star -LRB- maybe even a grudging 4-star -RRB- review . However , there is no excuse for the lack of screen size -LRB- or re-sizing -RRB- management in 2003 .
 This product was to be used on a MAC.We selected this version of Jumpstart typing because it could be used both on a MAC and PC . However , it only works on a very limited number of MAC versions . Rather than send it back and go through that hassle , we installed it on my PC and have my son come to my office and use it there.My advice -LRB- for what it is worth -RRB- is to warn people that this software will not work on many versions of MAC software.Wes Weisenberger
 I 've ordered this item twice . Both times telling me it was a MAC and PC compatible cd-rom . Unfortunately it did n't work on my Mac b/c my mac is 2011 and the cd-rom is an outdated 2009 version.Don ' t you think I should get my $ 10 back . Especially since I ordered this product twice ???
 I ordered this because it was for Mac & PC -LRB- I have a Mac -RRB- . When I received it , it was for PC only . I checked the descriptor in Amazon , and it had been changed to PC only , along with the product image , within the past few days . However , both links to the product from within Amazon , and reviews here , describe it as being promoted for both Mac and PC . It appears Galactica changed the description and image without changing it 's associated Amazon product number , and now I have a product I did n't order .
 I am off to Africa , the Taita foothills below Kilimanjaro , where I plan to spend a year or two working on a novel . Ca n't be lugging my Bartlett 's , so I opted for Oxford Quotations on CD . Install it to the hard drive , or onto a flash drive , along with Mr. Webster and the Rand McNally World Atlas and a few other choice references.Then I discover that Oxford Quotations must be online . Online ? I wo n't even have electricity . I 'll be recharging spare laptop batteries by solar panel . Transferring the reference CDs to a flash drive was intended to minimize battery consumption . If there was anything in the marketing material about the quotations being online only , I certainly did n't see it . I thought I was buying a CD of Oxford Quotations , not a CD that simply installs a program for searching for quotes online . I already have an online quote reference , and it is called Google.This CD is worthless to me .
 I have Windows XP professional and installed this software . Very easy to set up . When you want to look up a quotation , it is supposed to direct you to a web site . OK - I can handle that - except EVERY time I tried to connect to the web site -LRB- which the program does by itself -RRB- , the old `` Can not Display Page '' came up . Uninstalling and reinstalling -LRB- twice -RRB- did not help at all . I have other Oxford software products and they have all been great , so this one is a major disappointment . Amazon requires that you give at least one star to any product you review . That 's unfortunate , but then if I wrote what I really thought , Amazon would have to say `` Can not Display Page '' for my review . In any case , if you would like a free copy of this software , please check in the dumpster behind my office .
 I have purchased Hoyle card games in the past , but after this one , I done with them . I was unable to install this game properly using Windows XP . The suggestions the `` techs '' gave me were of no use and almost condensending .
 I purchased this and Hoyle Casino 2004 for my sons for Christmas and was very disappointed to see the CD must be in the drive to play this game , even after full installation . Corporate greed is alive and well at Sierra !!!
 I purchased this game because I really enjoyed playing the older version of it a few years ago on my parents computer . My daughter and I loved playing that game . This version was very disappointing . There is no Alex Trebek voice over . The count down to answering a question seems shorter too . My daughter thought it was boring so we have only played it once .
 I bought this months before the holdays as a gift put it on a shelf and forgot about it . Oops ! Installed it in January for my wife , Yay ! -LRB- I thought -RRB- The Interface is the Jeopardy set with more than two thirds of the screen devoted to the player lecterns This left a very small part of the screen for question categories . The main board text is small fuzzy and nearly unreadable even with the highest quality settings.Game play is similar to earlier versions . Except that now it is multiple choice . My wife loves this , everything can be selected quickly with the mouse . It would of been better as an option i think . If you play the computer opponents the count down timers , video animations and audience applause sounds slow the pace.Award trophies are given for game milestones
 I am just floored that they would make a jeopardy game multiple choice . It not much fun when they give u the awnsers . For 20 i want a refund to be honest . I feel taken advantage of.It has some jeopardy characterists but all in all seems rushed and with out it playing like jeopardy a waste of ones time.warning this product is mislabeled its not really jeopardy its a multiple choice quiz
 I like The idea of a Jeopardy PC game but this version sucks . I have to agree with the other reveiwers about the Multiple choice on this game . Providing multiple choice ruins this game . Multiple choice was never a part og the show and probably never will be . If Jeopardy gets any more game releases , keep it the way it originally is . In my opinion , the only thing that should be updtaed with Jeopardy are the Answers , and categorys . Also , Jeopardy would make a great Nintendo DS game . If it were a ds game , we could use the touch screen and instead of typing in our responses , we could say them.RIP Merv Griffin
 Anyone that actually likes Jeopardy will abhor this game . Multiple choices ruins the whole idea of a trivia game and ruins the fun in Jeopardy . And to top it all off , the software it self is buggy and crappy . Technical support is awful . There are online trial versions of this game , try those before you buy .
 This is the last time I purchased a product from Encore . The game does not run on my computer with Vista !!! The support information on the Encore Support Website is worthless bla bla . I called Encore . They offer no telephone support for Jeopardy . What a ripoff . I recommend that you to STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT and I suggest that you reconsider before buying any product from ENCORE . I think no company should get away with treating their customers like this .
 I received this game as a Christmas gift . It will not run . I tried 2 computers and on both it crashes at the sign-in screen . I emailed Encore about the problem but I 've had no response . Jeopardy Deluxe is going into the trash .
 Multiple choice is obviously a bad idea . I have a suggested fix for the next version
 Product does not work . Tried it on 4 different computers , running XP pro / Vista Ultimate . Also tried to exchange and get a different disc . Still did not work . Game fails after you select your character and enter your name . Just watch the game show and save yourself the grief . If you are going to buy it at Target , just flush your $ 20 down the toilet because they will not take it back after you have opened the box.I thought I would try this one after the home DVD game did n't work . Just steer clear of anything created by Encore or Sony Entertainment .
 My wife and I are big JEOPARDY fans . We have an older version -LRB- JEOPARDY! 2nd edition -RRB- which works fine on our computer . The graphics are good , but come on 2nd edition . So I thought we would update . You would think that the graphic would be really awesome by now and computer compatibility would n't be any problem , wrong!Don ' t waste your money on this game . Hasbro or their tech team at ARTECH do n't have a clue . The graphics are n't ATARI quality and the game crashes like a sleepy newborn .
 Sadly , i have to tell you that this game does not run in XP , or Vista.i tried in 4 machines , 2 of them new!I am very dissapointed , because in the info of the product they do not advice any other special requirements , but after 4 differents machines , i prefered forget the issue .
 This game is worse than versions from 10 years ago . The questions are not read to you and it is MULTIPLE CHOICE . This game is nothing like Jeopardy .
 This is not the Jeopardy I was expecting ! There is no multiple choice in Jeopardy! Where is Alex Trebeck ? My old Jeopardy games -LRB- 1998 and 2000 editions -RRB- were more along the lines of the original Jeopardy game where Alex Trebeck read the questions . I was very disappointed in this game . Is there another version of the real Jeopardy -LRB- no multiple choice -RRB- coming out in the near future ? Thank you and I look forward to your reply.Marilyn Goodwinmimigoo416@yahoo.com
 I get very irritated , when I have to find the CD , take it out of the case , insert it in the computer , play the game -LRB- the only part not irritating -RRB- , eject the CD , put it in the case , store it where i can find next time . Then do all this again to play the next game .
 The first game installed to 3 different computers , but would not play on any of them -LRB- XP , Vista , Windows 7 -RRB- . Amazon replaced it and the second game would n't even instal . Sent both back for refund .
 Order Jeopardy because it was suppose to work on OLD VERSION . DID not work , installed and reinstalled 5 times , went online and contacted tech service three times and never got a response . . finally gave up and returned software . Return went well . Software useless
 I purchased this product after making sure it would work on my computer 's operating system . However , when I tried to load it , it would not work . I did contact the seller and got a return mailer , and was to be given credit for the return on my card . The seller was courteous , but since the product was meant to work and did n't , I was disappointed . I bought another product at the same time from the same seller , and it worked just fine .
 Will not worki on windows 7 64 bit , spent money on a product that will not work I am dissapointed
 I already knew about the bad reviews , but wanted to buy the game anyway since our family loves playing Jeopardy on the computer and it had not been a new one since 2003 . Well the game is pretty bad , first the game does not work . I had to find out through Encore 's message forum that you must change the date on your computer to January 2 , 2008 to get the game to work . You can do this by right clicking the time on the right corner of your computer screen the adjust the date.Multiple choice is corny , Jeopardy is never multiple choice . There 's no voices , sound , or fun to the game . Encore developed the game way too fast with very little thought process . Only cool thing is creating the person.Overall , still can be a little trivia multiple choice fun , but we 'll be popping back in the 3 older PC versions of Jeopardy to play in the future .
 This product does not live up to the scholarly level of quality that one expects from Oxford . The software company FINGER used to run the program does not offer a 1-800 number for technical support ... I thought this product might be compatable to Encarta Encyclopedia ... not even close ! Do not purchase this software ... purchase Encarta or Britanica ; and make sure the software is not operated by FINGER . Shame on Oxford for allowing their name and reputation to be tarnished !
 The Amazon listing for this game shows compability with Windows XP , leading one to assume that it would be OK for Vista . Do n't believe it - this game dates back to 1999 and was designed for Windows 95/98 . It does not work with Vista -LRB- even after running through compability mode -RRB- - the cursor movement is totally off and makes the game impossible to play . The Windows XP designation should be removed from the listing , or at least provided with a conditional statement re Vista
 The `` programmed opponents '' play with an IQ less than 90 . For example in HEARTS an opponent will lead an Ace or Queen-of-Spades ... and make no subsequent effort to take hearts . . !!! ... If you like winning ... you will love this CD-ROM
 Received wrong item , returned it and was not offered another chose with a different dealer . I was looking forward to playing my favorite card games .
 I had great expectations after playing German Railroads 1 -LRB- see my review there -RRB- in this add on and I am deeply disappointed . Here is some of the main flaws
 I had great expectations after playing German Railroads 1 -LRB- see my review there -RRB- in this add on and I am deeply disappointed . Here is some of the main flaws
 I was extremely disappointed with this chess software . With my newest PC I bought this year , the program is buggy when it comes to sound and music , which they do acknowledge in their manual.The product also lacks knowledge of what keeps a child 's interest . For an adult or child , the dialog and some exercises were lengthy , and uninteresting.There were a couple of fun exercises , but really not worth the price as a whole.If your a chess player , I suggest you teach your kid yourself , orfind another chess program.There 's got to be something better than this .
 I purchased two of your video games through Amazon.com for Christmas presents and recently tried using them . I am very disappointed in their performance ! `` Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster # 1 '' stops soon after the King 's son is challenged to a duel by Black Knight . The last phrase that can be heard is
 The game is called Fritz and Chesster . Fritz is the boy . Chester is a rat . That girl you see in the picture , her name is Bianca . She never actually plays . She just says things like `` Well done , brave knight ! '' and asks stupid questions . At one point poor Bianca points out that the queen is the strongest piece , and Fritz makes a comment about his mother chewing out his father . The tone and context are extremely anti-woman , in my opinion . He also counters by saying that boys are smarter.It seems like the makers of this game were really threatened by the fact that you have to call the most powerful piece `` she '' . To take the queen down a notch , they refer to a group or queens as a harem . To demonstrate how this powerful piece moves they have the queen run around picking flowers as fast as she can . A male voice says , `` Off you go , '' in a tone which one can only assume is meant to accompany a little pat on her behind .
 I agree with reviewer Mr. Dietz . I was eager for my child to learn chess and we bought this new on Amazon for $ 24.99 . Put it in and loaded it in . This game is so confusing and there are no instructions at all . No help menu either . We wasted at least 2 hours on it before I ejected it and apologized to her . There is nothing here to learn chess from .
 I bought this software for my son , based on the reviews I read on Amazon.com . The software is not working . I have notified Terzio , two times and no response . I just wasted my money on a game that does nothing !
 Just as another reviewer said , I ended up wasting my money on a game that did nothing . Several installs and calls later , still no better . It was a birthday gift for my daughter and she could n't wait to play it.The game installs properly and seems to work but got stuck after the intro movie and would n't do anything else . -LRB- Note the kids are running a 1G Celeron , on Windows 98 . I 'm considering upgrading the OS and trying again . -RRB-
 I bought this software for my 6 year old son.We both tried to navigate it without much success.The software is in the `` journey format '' which was popular in the late 80 's , early 90 ` seven though it was released in 2003 . The software does not download into your computer 's hard drive.You must have the disc in the CD drive to use the software -LRB- If your kids destroy the disc , you wo n't be able to play the game -RRB- . The `` journey format '' is so involved with different characters and situationsthat very little chess is played.Most of the time we spent was spent figuring out how to get from one level or event to the other -LRB- a player can not progress until he has mastered one level at a time -RRB- . Needless to say , my kid stopped playing it after a few sessions.Summary for `` Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster '' : Restrictive software ; Way too much animation and plot ; way too little chess.By happy accident I found `` Chess Secrets of the Grandmasters '' in an office super-store . It is very good but cost $ 19.95 . `` Chess Secrets of the Grandmasters '' is all about chessand the software actually downloads to your computer 's hard drive!It has various teaching mechanism such as move take back and move suggestionsand many levels.My kid was playing and learning within 15 minutes of installing the `` Chess Secrets of the Grandmasters '' software.He can start and play it on his own without my supervision now .
 I was so excited to get this because I 'd hoped it would provide my son with some guided practice . Instead it is mindlessly boring and the mini-games do n't really explain why or how they are related to chess . I 'm not even going to present this to my son ; I already know he 'll want to hang it up before the first game . No , I do n't think cutesy games work for chess at all . Children want to be taken seriously and learn how to play ; this software fails miserably ! I 'm going back to what we were doing before .
 My 9 year old is just learning to play chess , and absolutely loved this game . Then she bumped into some kind of error message and could n't go on . We sent the program back to amazon for an exchange , uninstalled and reinstalled the new disk , and got to playing again . Then my daughter bumped into a different error message further into the game , some kind of `` script error . '' She had only gotten through about 1/3 of the total progress available in the game , and we could n't get around this error at all . She simply could not continue further into the game.I sent the program back again explaining the error message we were getting and asked for a refund this time . I got a `` partial refund '' , and have no idea why I did n't get a full refund ... I had returned the disk in good shape , along with the book and the box it came in.I give this program 2 stars because my daughter really did like the game . Maybe it will work better on other people 's computers ... we were using Win XP on an old laptop with an external CD-ROM drive .
 You and your kid will be asleep by the time you figure out what to do next . This may be the worst instructional software I ever purchased .
 This is a poorly working program with no instructions or intuitive flow . It would not allow me to bypass its practice regimes which offered no explanations and so were useless and frustrating . It would not allow me to play chess in any mode without graduating from its pre-requisites . After an hour of frustration my five year old asked if we could just go back to the original `` board game '' . I threw the program in the garbage .
 I bought this for my son and we found out we got misled by other reviews . This software is more like a cartoon than a real chess lesson . It is very distracting.If you just want to learn some basic rules and want your kids have some fun , it is ok to buy it . But if you want your kids learn some strageties , DO N'T waste your money on this . Go for `` chessmater '' .
 I was looking for an intructional CD to help my daughter to learn chess . I read the reviews and endorsements and thought that this was what I was looking for . WRONG!First of all , the CD comes with no instruction book and you 're left to try and figure out what you 're supposed to do by yourself -LRB- good luck -RRB- . I 've spent over 2 hours on this thing so far and I still have n't seen one thing that would help my daughter to learn to play chess.I 've emailed their ` help line ' hoping to get some answers and never heard back from them.Save your money and your sanity and do n't buy this CD .
 Never got to use this game ... Amazon Product description said game was compatible with Windows 2000 , but when I received the game ; the box does not list `` 2000 '' among the compatable operating Systems . On the plus side , Amazon accepted responsibility and provided prepaid return shipping .
 My kids play chess so I bought this to improve their skills . My 6 and 8 year olds were just not interested at all . It was a wate of money .
 This is the worst chess learning material that I have purchased . The first 15 minutes is spent walking through a woods to get to a chess tournament . There is no way to skip this walk . The instruction is really poor .
 dont waste you time or money on this . wait for TOTAL WAR
 Crown of the North is the ... child of Europa Universalis 2 that is undeserving of the throne-name it sits upon . If your familiar with Europa Universalis 1 or 2 , you 've probably been considering Crown of the North because of the high standard and deeply involving games that EU1/2 have proven to be in the past . Crown of the North simply does not have the same intriguing gameplay found in its successful fore-fathers . In the game , you can choose to start as one of six factions focused within the three northern kingdoms of Sweden , Denmark and Norway . Somehow , almost from the start , the game lacks any sense of feeling that you are within the northern realms of these countries , or that there are even countries here interacting with one another . Unless your painfully familiar with the setting you 'll probably find that the amusing graphics and layout of the game lend little to place you into the time or situation . It could be a fantasy setting for all one knows , if we were n't already told otherwise . At first glance , the graphics appear wonderfully pleasing but rapidly turn into some sort of comic like representation that causes a sinking in the stomach . The combination of these leads one to feel little for the setting or the events at hand.Still , it 's not even this lack of immersion that detracts from the game , but the actual gameplay itself . Unlike previous Strategy First/Paradox games in the genre , this one lacks any true sense of the necessity of tactic or grand strategy . It also lacks fun.Developing your land is a crude and cartoon like activity accomplished by clicking on one of a handful of buildings and selecting the upgrade button . Each building upgrades by level , from one to ten , and the graphic that accompanies it improves three times during the ten clicks that you 'll possibly manage for each . There is nothing related to technology or `` advancing '' outside of these shallow clicks you place inside each building and there is no sense of accomplishment with having done so with any of them . Perhaps this is because wealth is so easy to come by that upgrading as needed is done at will . All the same , this process of upgrading buildings is required for any province you want to produce troops from within and it quickly become tedious at best.Within each building are an additional two options that enable you to endear or offend one of the classes such as the merchants , peasants , clergy or nobility . Because you do n't actually interact with these groups you might please or insult with your rule , they all seem more an aside than an actual influence on the game . For the majority of my first game I kept the clergy well into a fully insulted state even going so far as to purposely do things to offend them just to see what would happen . I 'm still unclear if anything negative occured as a result and I ca n't say that any other faction made much difference to my game whether they were happy or not . The only real loss or benefit I 'm aware of was a hit or bonus to my taxes and even that mattered little since cash was easy to come by.Combat is a rather uneventful affair as well . The main and perhaps only real strategy is to have a larger army to attack with . Outside of that , there is not much else to consider or ponder regarding your coming success or failure . Once you have defeated a defending army , conquering or sieging a province is done by simply watching a gold looking catapult make an annoying and unnervingly repetitive noise while doing little else.Winning is accomplished by repeating the same thing over and over , province by province , building by building . I admit I was utterly shocked that the box this was delivered in mentioned anything about Europa Universalis at all . Well , that is perhaps its only saving grace.While you 'll probably find Crown of the North to be dull and drab , particularly after the first three minutes of admiring the updated map and graphics , you 'll start to recall that Europa Universalis 2 was included on the same disc . Thankfully so , but only for those who do n't already own it . In truth , it would be better to save yourself ten dollars and just buy Europa Universalis 2 which is a fantastic strategy game that just oozes with history and depth . Crown of the North is hardly nobility let alone a contender for the crown that is actually EU1/2 .
 The scope of teasing the brain with chalenging games is not so difficult to make entertaining . Towards this end I believe they faiiled . It is not up-to-date , not challenging and very poor graphics
 I just received this and have n't actually played the games yet so this is a preliminary review . It opens with a screen of 6 -LRB- yes , only 6 -RRB- games to choose from . When you click on one it loads into a game such as tetris , spot the difference in pictures , etc. . Within each game there is NO options menu . They all have extremely annoying music which you can not turn off !! I rarely , if ever , want the music turned on for any game I play so that option is very important . I like to hear the sound effects so turning down the speakers is n't the best way to go.The games look like they might be challenging but the interface is lame . Not being able to turn off the music may deter me from playing at all , we 'll see . I will expand on this review later . Date
 I enjoy turn-based strategy RPG 's but this game is an exception . The characters are plastic , badly voiced cookie cutters from any trashy anime and caring about them or their bland relationships is an exercise only fit for the most persistent and brave.Do yourself a favor and pick up a better turn-based strategy RPG . I can recommend a few
 This does not even really feel like a Suikoden game to me . It is almost like they borrowed the name and a few character names and plunked them down into a totally different game . My least favorite of the Suikoden games .
 Unfortunately , the wait got longer . This game has soooooo much potential . but just like the rest of the suikoden series , it falls short . You ca n't power level in this game . When your characters dies , they really die ! The story is slow . The special moves are lack luster . The graphics are boring and sub par , and the music is very typical konami . The truth is , I keep getting suckered into these suikoden games with the promise of rpg goodness , and instead I end up putting 30 hours into it , quitting , and selling the thing.If your looking for a top notch strategy game , this is not it . If your looking for a suikoden game , well this is n't it either . This is more of an experimental title that will leave you bored and constipated.Have fun .
 This game was blah at best . When I bought this game I was looking for a game that would last me a while and was interesting at the same time . What I found in this game was one with horrible character development , terrible graphics and the gameplay itself was n't all that great . I have plenty of time to play the game but I could n't keep my attention on this game for more than maybe a half hour . After that it was all the same . The plot was poor as well . I spent a total of 23 hours playing this game and still understood nothing but one thing , without telling what that one thing is for those of you who still want to buy it , that one thing did n't keep my attention . Just a friendly warning that the review in game informers was right on this game . -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- If you are desperate and really need to have something to play by all means get this game but there are plenty of other games out there that are much better .
 ok so this game is based on common knowledge questions from the early to late 90 's , it is really boring and some of the girls are not much to look at . unless you like games with a lot of questions then i say stay away from this one . thankfully i only paid like $ 5 for it .
 Wow . Ok . So where do I start with this one.Rented it with a friend for s *** s n ' giggles . But instead of laughing we just groaned and rubbed our temples in confusion as to why this would get any praise from anyone who does n't have the mentality of a frat boy who only sees a woman as a pair of tits and an ass.The questions are n't anything remarkable either . Got bored with how diluted a lot of them turned out to be . The girls were ... `` pretty '' in their own respects although `` dead behind the eyes '' seems like a more applicable description . It 's was n't a funny/self-aware kind of bad . Just a confusing kind of `` why would someone make this '' bad.We should 've known better as soon as we saw the cover . Clearly not meant for anyone who does n't think like a 15-30 yr old manchild.I would also like to note I am not female before any flamers call me out for that or anything . Not like being a girl should make a difference .
 To all those men and boys who think this game is fun , would you promise to play this game with your daughter ? Do you think it respects women as people and not as objects ? This game makes me want to spit .
 I think this game is immature , and degenerate .
 The thought of someone paying the astronomical prices being asked for this game is almost too much to bear , so I thought I would give my opinion . The other people that left reviews were being much too nice , the loading times completely ruined the game for me , especially after playing the PS2 version . There is really no reason for the loading to take THAT long , the graphics are very similar to the newer games in the series on PSP , which load fine . Maybe people that use a dial-up modem will have the patience for this , but not people that play video games regularly . I tried to overlook the load times because I like the series so much , but it broke me down about halfway through & I found the ps2 version . That 's all !
 I had ordered , what the advertisement said , Diablo II only to recieve the extension pack , I can not play diablo II with the extension pack . I certainly hope it was a mistake made by the seller . Accidently grabbing the wrong box . the sad thing was this was going to be a gift . A surprise sent to the recievers house . Only to come across fatal attraction . So close , yet so far . I do hope the recipient of this letter does not take it lightly .
 There was no warning that this game would not play on Windows 7 . So , we have a game we can not use .
 I bought this for my four year grandson and wanted to play and learn it before I give it to him . I do n't think it will hold his interest . It is too difficult to find the tresures and complete the game He likes Sponge Bob so maybe he will just enjoy playing on the computer with this game
 First off what everyone else is saying is wrong this game is boring it has no cut scenes or animation.No voice at all and they say this is a old school game ? BS ! lunar the silver star is nothing like this lunar was fun and creative and unpredictable . This game has no speacial moves at all the only thing is you let your power meter reach % 100 then just press the O button and thats it . The enemys are lame monsters not even detailed monsters and the field where you fight is the same thing and what makes it horrible is the music is the same all around the same places it will drive you nuts , not even skill levels increase this is a strait up boring game with boring story line i warn people this is boring
 i found this game in a `` games from the past '' section at my eb games . . a rare find indeed :-RRB- i have the sega cd version and i have to say its not bad . . it plays a lot like its sequel rebel assult 2 . . they have early full motion video clips from the films in the intro . which has a nice retro touch ... all things said its a fun game . . graphically not as hot as the rebel assult 2 but still worth checking out . . and one of the few rare games for the sega genesis/sega cd systems . . if your lucky to find this grab it !
 Camera
 I own all of the released Farscape DVDs , love the show , could ` nt wait for the game to come out . Big mistake ... This game has the absolute worst interface I have ever seen . The camera angle never lets you see more than a few feet at a time , allowing you to get blasted before you even see what 's shooting at you . The radar 's O.K. if you 're in a dark environment but step thru some light and you 're snowblind . I think they tried to do the Tomb Raider camera but instead of it following you it has to be manually adjusted.Credit system
 I was really looking foward to playing this game . I rushed out and bought it . At first I thought it would be ok but there are several levels that are almost impossible to get through . Not because the enemies are hard but because you could n't find the way out . You do n't get to battle peacekeepers-you even have to help them ! Most enemies take 2 shots to kill . The radar system was ok but the color sucked . I had to turn the colors on the game all the way up and it was still dark . I thought this game would take me a week to finish ... it took me one day . It ended way to soon ... You never even know if the Prowler gets fixed . I thought you would do what the town needed to do and then go to another world or help Moya . You only get to play with three characters at one time . You play with D'hargo once , Zhaan never really has a story line . Rygel is almost useless ... he does more damage than good . Aeryn does n't come in until the end . You mainly play with John and Chianna . It ended way to soon . You do n't even get to go back to the town and walk around and get your Prowler . I did all that work to get my Prowler fixed and I do n't even get it back ! I really did n't like it .
 i bought this game thinking that as it is based on space and aliens , it must be a great entertainment . i was shocked to find that it was so under the grade and i think if there had been stars for negative marking then i would have given it 5 stars for the worst game . do n't buy this game , it is so boring and so bad , u will be very upset that you have spent money on such a bad game like me .
 I hated this game , I thought it would be good but it was awful . I do n't recomend this to anyone .
 When I ordered this , I guess I should have read that it was a reusable adhesive type skin . From the picture , it looks like a skin you actually slip onto the DS . I was so disappointed to find out this was not the case and I 'm not sure if I 'm going to keep it or find for one that actually encloses the entire DS.The skin only has a sticker for the top , bottom , top inside , and for around the buttons on either side on the inside . It 's definitely not worth the 10 dollars for a bunch of stickers to put on your DS especially if it does n't cover all the edges and stuff .
 This is a child 's compilation . If you 're looking for nastalgic games , look elswhere . This is young child oriented . Why someone would want to go out and attempt to get their kids addicted to video games , the way they most likely became , is beyond me . Sonic , Sonic 2 , Altered Beast ... they 're fun . Except Genesis has a huge repertoire of titles . Was final fantasy 4 too expensive with the franchise still in partial swing ? Very dissapointed , should 've paid closer attention to the line up . One of the many iterations of rampage would have made my rating slightly higher . No problems with the interface or difficulty levels , just that many of the games seem just thrown in there , they call this a favorites collection . Shows that Sony will try to sell you a semiprecious stone for ten times it 's actual value , possibly even calling the official gemstone to Ecco the Dolphin . Three versions of Ecco the Dolphin , you got ta be pulling my leg !
 Didnt buy it , no list of games included!I want to see a detailed list of the games offered before i buy , not just pay cash blindly .
 I bought this for my boyfriend along with 5 other games as a valentines present -LRB- He was 19 but , i figured that i should just save the chocolates , and teddy bear things till another time -RRB- Anyways , i bought him 6 games total , including this Sega Genesis collection . . I asked him how it was ... He did n't like it at all ... it was just something to do to pass timeI have not actually seen this game in person yet , so im just giving you guys / his reviewSo , if your ' e going to buy this for a person that 's into gaming , this would NOT be a choiceHOPE THIS HELPED . . now i got you all skeptic about buying this game , because there were so many GREAT Reviews and here 's my one negative review . . -LRB- well , just telling the truth , people need the truth on what they buy ! ESPECIALLY over the internet ! -RRB-
 waste of money graphic are crapy , virtue fighter2 is way diffrent with the arcades bottom line don , t waste your time and money
 Despite the fact that the requirements for this game are met by my computer the game will not run . Instead the game boots up and as soon as you attempt to move a character the computer is automatically rebooted . Researching this issue , I found that either the graphics driver had to be updated -LRB- which I did -RRB- or the monitor resolution must be lowered -LRB- which I tried -RRB- . Neither solution helped , I have not been able to play the game . I assume this will work with a more updated computer so I will wait until I build my next one before knowing whether or not this is a worthwhile game .
 This is the first day the game is available , and already there are problems ! There 's a patch waiting for you to download because the game does n't load properly for many of us without the `` proper '' video card -LRB- ? -RRB- EA does mention BFME II does n't work with NVIDIA GeForce 4 , but apparently that card is NOT the only one ! I too am getting the game.dat error message and booted off . The patch did NOT fix the problem for me . The game still does n't work . EA also says you must turn off your antivirus and firewall programs in order to run the game . I do n't know about you , but being on cable , I do n't do ANYTHING without those two running . Why EA thought it would be alright to demand we make our computers targets if we play BFME II I have n't a clue ... but they did . So far I 'd have to say this game is a disaster ! IF you have NVIDIA GeForce 7 , the manual says you should enjoy the graphics . I guess for the rest of us , we 'll never know !!! I changed my graphics card from the Intel one that came with the computer to a NVIDIA 5200 I 've had for over a year and it will run , but locks up after about an hour . Good luck !!! Actually , the manual does offer a suggestion . We 're supposed to open the task manager and stop everything except explorer.exe and taskmgr.exe and any system/local service/network service processes . Okay , so the developers knew there was a problem , but thought just turning EVERYTHING OFF would do the trick . Amazing . For more fun , go to EA 's website and look at the number of folks complaining about this !!!
 This is a perfect example of DO N'T - FIX-WHAT-IS ` NT-BROKEN . The original game was perfection and loaded with new ideas and functions . This game takes away all the strategy and makes it into another mainstream rts . The only goal now is to pump out units as fast as you can in order to flatten the enemy instead of having that extra level of capturing building plots . The game is fun for the first 9 or 10 hours , but after that it loses it 's appeal . I admit that the hero creator is cool -LRB- hence the overall 2 stars -RRB- , but nothing can heal the disappointment of seeing one of your favorite games massacred in front of your eyes . This game is now worth as much to me as a paperweight and sits on my shelf collecting dust .
 I have yet to see this game played smoothly on any box . I have two high end systems that both slow to a crawl a key parts of the game -- same with my friends ' systems . Maybe if you 've got an SLI setup with multicore you 'll see good framerates otherwise it 's a bigtime jerkfest . The minimum requirements posted on the box are a joke and are bound to lead to people buying this game who simply ca n't play it . It would really be good to see some game companies called on the carpet for their bogus system requirements . On any other product this would be called bait-and-switch false advertising , but game developers just get a pass.The single player campaigns , which is why I bought the game , are pretty thin compared to other games of this type . They sure do n't hold a candle to any of the Warcraft titles . They are very brief and the actual control options are nowhere as near detailed as games released years ago . I would n't bother with this one unless you 're an avid online gamer.The one good thing I gave to say is that the evil campaign 's storyline is pretty cool . You get to play out an alternate Lord of the Rings where everything goes very wrong for the good guys . Who has n't wanted to smack a hobit .
 I owned this game at one point but it was sold on accident when we moved . I used to play this game all the time and to this day it remains one of my favorites . I had a hard time finding this game for less than $ 100 -LRB- which is ridiculous in itself since the game was no more than $ 70 when it first came out -RRB- so when I found it for less than $ 50 I was pretty excited . I was very disappointed when I got the game because of one fatal error . There are 7 disks for the PC version -LRB- all are needed for installation of the game -RRB- and as I counted them off realized they only shipped me 6 of them . I emailed the seller and did n't get a response until 3 days later . I was told they had no more of the product in stock and to send it back and I 'd get a refund . There 's a couple things I do n't get about this . For starters how can they sell a product and not have the entire thing ? Either they did n't check the case when it was sold to them or the new owner decided to take it for a spin and did n't put the disk back in the case before it was shipped to me . I started my summer job which is takes place 7 days a week so I did n't have a chance to send it back till a couple weeks after I was told to send it back and I have yet to see my refund in my bank account . Honestly at this point I really do n't care and I 'm just worn out by the ordeal . I thought that maybe I 'd get another shot and owning one of my favorite games of all time but apparently that 's too much to ask for . Thanks for nothing perfectcd1 . By the way that disk that was missing was disk 1 so you may want to consider a new username .
 I bought the Collector 's Edition . Install went smoothly , game startup got me the message that I needed to enter the game disc . So I verify that I have the game disc , and get the same message . Swap the discs , get the same message.I spent several hours going through the support steps on the website , and the phone support person was kind enough to read where it says deep in the manual that some Sony-brand DVD players will not work . That would have been helpful to know before I bought the DVD version.I am now at the point I do n't care how good the game is , I 'm not spending another second to make it work . Stay away from the DVD version .
 Game was new , We just ca n't play it due to having the wrong components in our computer . Please do n't hold `` star '' rating against seller . VERY prompt delivery . Game was what they said it was . We are happy with the Amazon store that sent it . Thanks BG
 I bought this game for the sole purpose of playing online . Too bad the online portion of the game does n't work . -LRB- The fact that a patch is ALREADY available just reeks of the fact that they rushed this out without proper testing . -RRB- So heres my story . I logged on no problem . I tried to host a game . The game locked up my system . Now I ca n't log on at all . I recieve the message `` Can not complete transaction in the current service state . '' This has got to be the most cryptic error message since Windows 95 . Having no clue what the message means I attempt to call technical support . Good luck there . First off the menu system makes you listen to SEVEN options for the game Battlefield 2 before you can access an option for ANY other game . I guess battlefield 2 is even less ready for release than this one was . After finding the right option , I was subjected to what HAS to be the most obnioxious wait music of all time for SEVEN minutes before a recoreded voice told me my wait would be TWENTY-FIVE more minutes.Maybe their online support would be better right ? Wrong . After filling out a lengthy report of my problem , the website told me I was not able to submit it because java scripting was not enabled on my browser . The only problem is that it IS allowed . Good job all around EA . I will NEVER buy from them again .
 I spent about 6 hours on my own trying to get this to run , and it made me update my video drivers -LRB- my computer is VERY high performance -RRB- and once this was all done my computer crashed and was left in such a poor state that I had to have a professional computer repair technician spend two hours to salvage the situation . I am currently back to where I was before , able to use my computer and do everything I did before , and the game actually runs , but it runs so slow and sluggish that it is beyond pathetic . The technician said that my computer is fine and that nothing is wrong with the drivers or anything of that sort . In short , he concluded that the game is worthless and that I should seek a refund from the manufacturer . It will run occasionally , but when I click to give an order to a unit it freezes for 30-50 seconds , unfreezes , the order begins to be executed , then it freezes again , then it unfreezes , then it crashes ... I do n't know why I paid 38 dollars for that ...
 This game would effective install or load on my PC . It gave me strange error messages . Too bad because I 'm a big LoTR fan .
 First off , the `` strategic '' level war of the ring is total crap . Very simplistic and not very playable . Again , there are two pre-scripted campaigns
 Bought two copies for two different computers . We get a game.dat error on both of them . Have appropriate drivers and everything that is needed . Check out the EAForum and see how many others have had this problem . Save your money until they get this problem fixed .
 Although the first game was pretty damn good , be careful buying this one . Apparently for some reason EA has intentionally made this game incompatible with some NVIDIA Geoforce graphics cards even if they meet the memory requirements . Not sure why they did this and do n't care either . There was no information about this in the description on Amazon and nothing on the box that I received either . Double check the web to see if it will work with your card .
 My daughter loves this skin but it does not stay on completely . The top sticker is the worst , constantly coming off . The inside stickers stay great and the bottom one is ok too . The skin is thicker than all the other skins I 've seen , maybe that 's the reason it does n't stick easily . Over all my daughter does not complain so it 's ok .
 Cons : - Probably the worst part is the layout , for some reason creative decided to make it incredibly small , in by doing so , none of the keys are in the right places , and if they are , they are 1/2 their normal size . - The illumination light is hidden amongst the regular keys . . why ? - In gameplay , I can not use more than 2 keys simultaneously . In other words , if I 'm strafing and jumping , and I try to switch weapons using a key bind , the keyboard does n't respond . I 've been thrashed dozens of times now due to this problem . My silly MS wireless keyboard did n't even have this problem.PROS : - The key action is good . - The footprint is small , but this comes at too high a cost in my opinion.This keyboard might be good for some games , and for gaming only . If you plan to use it in conjunction with your day to day activities , I would n't recommend it . This keyboard seems more like an ultra-compact application for traveling users , not for gaming.I 'm going back to my MS wireless elite keyboard ... and I 'm out $ 50 for this one .
 Did not like this keyboard . I recommend the Logitech GS15 backlit keyboard - NEW model , released this September , not 2005 model which is too large for most desktops .
 This is a problematic game . The concept is n't new , but it 's a formula that works , generally . In this case , however , the controls are so jumpy that getting your character to go where you want is difficult to impossible . I 'm pretty good at computer games , and I could n't get past the second level . Not good!To add insult to injury , the game tries to install a nasty little piece of spyware when you install . My spyware checker caught it , but knowing it tried incensed me all the same . Out it goes !
 I purchased this game thinking along the lines of Diner Dash or Cake Mania . And what a disappointment . First , you have to use the arrow keys to move the on screen character . And this set the catalyst for an unpleasant PC gaming experience.I attempted to give this game no stars , but amazon required at least one . So please do n't mistake my one star as a positive credit for the game !!!!!!!!
 The problem i have with this game is you have to use your up , down , left , right and space bar in order to move the employee . Which causes you to spend more time trying to get to the right position or item . That 's why i do n't like it .
 I got this for the same reason a few others have . I wanted something likeDiner Dash . Diner was not available but this looked fun and I love burgers so I thought it would be great.First problem was installation and running it . After install I tried running game and it kept saying insert disc.I finally resolved that issue and was happy game finally started up.Then I realize you need the keyboard to control it.Game is somewhere in this room ... dunno where it landed after I threw it .
 the game is ok and would be so much more enjoyable if you could use the mouse and not the keyboard , i hate games that have you use the keyboard.so i was extremely annoyed that you had to with this game.unless someone knows how to you can use the mouse with this game please post how .
 I could n't figure out how to get started playing this game let alone playing it . The instructions on how to play it are unclear . I could n't get the person to do anything no matter how many times I read the instructions and followed directions exactly as printed . I say do n't waste your money on this game its not worth it . I think if they gave this game away free it would n't be worth it .
 I , like many others have Diner Dash and Cake Mania which I enjoy so much , but any game that uses the keyboard is not may idea of a computer game . I might have enjoyed if I could have used the mouse . This game goes in the garbage.I would advise others not to buy it .
 Big disappointment . Bought this for my boys who are 7 . They loved Diner Dash and I saw this one at a good price and thought this would be a good purchase for the boys . Was I ever wrong . One of my boys , who is usually a whiz at all things computer became frustated immediately . If I could give this one no stars I would . Who uses arrow keys to play PC games like this anymore anyway ?!
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . IF I KNEW I HAD TO USE MY KEYBOARD I WOULD NEVER HAD BROUGHT THE GAME . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE .
 did n't like it that much it was n't want I had expexted it be I thought it might be something differe n't
 The company was great . sent the game quickly and product was as it was described . The game is pretty dated and it makes the game play difficult . It uses the keyboard and not the mouse .
 Do n't bother with this game . Go with ` Burger Shop ' instead . First when installing this eGames will put you through a 20 minute survey they require you to fill out . Then I could n't get the game installed properly it kept telling me to set graphics control . I contacted support and he wanted me to send via email a whole slew of things that I just gave up . Now I have a game I ca n't use .
 I can not stand this game !!!!! I hated it so much that I had to send it back . I only had this game for a 1/2 day , but if anyone still decide to get it keep in mind you will not get a full refund !!!!!! Just FYI .
 I ordered what was in the pic and I was ok with whatever color I got . What I got ? A black , plain hard case half the size ! I like what we got , but obviously we ran out of storage room fast ...
 This bag to hold your DS and games is not designed well . The two sections are very small and hard to get the games out of . I think a larger zipper for one area with little elastic holders for the games would work better .
 this is gigantic . You could fit two DS ' in here-if that 's what you 're going for . I do n't know what male or female would really like this once they got it . And for the people who complained about their sons getting pink
 I ordered the `` Nintendo DS Game Traveler '' together with the Nintendo DS console . I bought the Blue console for my 6-year-old son . Unfortunally , at the time of the order there was no way to chose a color for the case . Amazon sent me the `` pink '' case , altough I bought a blue console ! For obvious reasons , my son did n't like at all the pink case and simply put it aside , and I had to buy another case . In short , ordering the Game Traveler was a total waste of money for me .
 the game is good . . excellent strategy game ... so why one star ? . the game is made UNFAIRLY . The russians are way much stronger and powerful than the allies . Eventough by playing on the allies side is very challenging , the fact that the game is made unfairly and so i gave it one star.the best is still the original C&C by westwood .
 This game was crap , it came scratched . It did n't work with my computer . Now I have no use for it and it was a waste of money . Do n't waste your time
 i ordered this game and 1st of all , its windows 95 only and i got windows xp . . and 2nd , on the case it says 2 cd but there was only 1 in it ! but i guess that dose n't matter considering i casnt play it anyways.hope i can find a way to return this and get my money back.this was my 1st time doing this
 GT Pro Series for the Wii is a racing game that puts you in the seat of a variety of normal-driving plus high end cars . You can race a Subaru Forester if you want - or something much zippier . How well does it play?First , and of course most importantly , the controls . We 've played a wide range of racing games on all of the major consoles . We adore racing games so we 've sampled quite a few styles . We even love the kart style games . Compared with everything else we 've tried , this was just poorly done . The physics were iffy . Cars would crash and bump off as if they were bumper cars . You could use the dirt and cars as gameplay objects to help steer you.I fully accept that Wii graphics are a different range than XBox 360 and PS3 graphics . That is fine ! But even knowing that , the GT Pro Series graphics were far worse than all the other Wii games we play . It 's as if the designers just were n't good with the Wii interface to design for it.Yes , there are 80 cars you can eventually unlock - but their system unlocks in a set , linear way . That is , in most games I love , you build up points or dollars or whatever they choose to call it and then you can work towards cars and upgrades that YOU want . Here you have to keep playing , and playing , until they decide to give you what you 've been waiting for.And the sound ! Often in racing games the sound is a key component of how much fun it is to play . Here it is sheer torture.I thought maybe my initial first impression was incorrect . Often there are games that seem outrageously bad when you first start them - and then they grow on you and become fun and even quite worthy after you invest yourself . Unfortunately , this is not one of them . The longer we played , the longer it felt like torture.If there were no other racing games out there , I might say to get this just to have some sort of a racing experience on a few track styles . But since there are OODLES of racing games that are stellar , it 's a real question of why someone would want to buy this one , when they could play another one instead . If you 're a racing fan , you have lots of options.I 'll give the game 2/5 stars since it is arcade-playable on MUTE , if someone came over and wanted a quick fix and the other systems were broken . And our other games were lent out to friends . But in general I 'd advise gamers to look at the many other racing options out there , and choose from those.I purchased this game with my own funds in order to do this review .
 Okay , I do n't mind the cell shaded graphics . But I do mind the horrible controls , sound , and physics . These cars do not drive correctly . They all sound the same . And steering is for the birds . Save your money and get Excite Truck - it might not be realistic in the physics department either , but at least it is fun .
 The game has a really cool appearance , however you will find that steering is impossible i played for about 20 min . and im able to steer but i dont think its worth the time it still has problems . Cant say much else other than pick another racing game .
 The graphics are ugly . The best of the game is the Wheel Included
 Saw this at Wal-Mart today the graphics are the worst graphics I have ever seen . Do not buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Launch titles are generally hit or miss , and gamers have seen the praise corralled by Legend Of Zelda
 Yes , Wii is not about high end graphics , but this game is definitely not maximizing Wii 's capability . Graphics is just plain awful . The text is so small that you can barely read . Controls are frustrating . I gave ip up right away , tried Excite Truck -- A much much better and much fun experience . They give you the wheel to sucker you in , do n't get it . Excite truck is a much better designed and developed game . What is this ? A port from N64 !?
 reading alot of reviews for this game before i bought it , there was a mix of people saying , the graphics are horrible , and then people defending the wii by saying that the wii is n't supposed to have good graphics . maybe not , but it is supposed to have better graphics than this game . the graphics in this game are on par with racing games from nintendo64 . that has nothing to do with the wii . to do with gameplay , the game seems like it has a lot of potential , because you can customize your car , and alot of cars are there . i can even race the car that i own -LRB- a subaru impreza -RRB- . however unlike the other games i have played on wii , i find the controls in this one almost impossible , and am tempted to turn off the motion controls altogether and use the D-pad instead . they do have options though for the sensitivity of the motion control , but i have tried almost every different sensitivity and ca n't seem to get it right . the best part about the game however is the steering wheel attachment for the wiimote . it does make the controls significantly easier , even though its still near impossible . i am hoping that this will be useful for other driving games when they come out , if they are any better than this . all in all i am dissapointed in the game , even though i was n't expecting much graphicwise , i was expecting it at least to be fun to play . i 'll have to hold out until i get another racing game to figure if this was a complete waste of money , because if all racing games on the wii suck , then the steering wheel will be useless as well , making everything about this purchase useless .
 Love racing games but this one belongs on a PS1 or gamecube . Graphics are childish and so is the action .
 When I got this game it would n't run at all . My system has Windows 98 and an Intell Pentium 2 . If you have nothing more than a Pentium 2 , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !
 The item pictured on Amazon is not the item you may receive . I bought one and I got the PSP Essentials version , which is an import version . Pretty unhappy about this inaccuracy . I 'll be returning this item .
 I 'm not here to really say anything about BOFIII in general.I recently replayed the PS1 version and the game has held up wonderfully over the years , so I wanted to grab the PSP version to add to my collection of other PS1 to PSP ports because everyone knows the PSP is port/remake city . However , despite Sony 's terrible decision NOT to release this -LRB- and Mega Man Legends 1/2 -RRB- in the states -LRB- we apparently need a SIXTH version of FFIV but a second version of BOFIII is a no-go -RRB- this definitely deserved another release . Do n't even get me started on my feelings towards Square-Enix anymore ... I 'm here about the non-data , physical quality of this product . The copy of BOFIII I got -LRB- what I assume is the European 's version of the greatest hits label -RRB- made me laugh with its `` quality . '' I know they cut corners on reprints -LRB- actually , I try and avoid Greatest Hits versions of anything because of that , and it was stupid of me to buy this blind , I 'll have to go on eBay and get an original print -RRB- but we ca n't even put the UMD logo on the UMD ? The absolutely destroyed case -LRB- which was n't a shipping issue as the fragments would have been there inside the wrapping -RRB- was also a nice bonus . Really , if I did n't know any better , I 'd say it almost smells of bootleg . Ca n't even have the BOFIII logo on the freakin disc ? Looks like someone with a basic computer just typed `` Breath of Fire III . `` Yeah , I 'm a little bit of a diva when it comes to my video games , and my standards are high -LRB- ok , very high -RRB- but they 're my standards to have . Anyways , great game , if you have n't played it you should give it a whirl , but I need to quit buying games where I ca n't see a picture of the exact copy I 'm getting .
 I bought this wheel hoping I could have way better control over the thumb pad . Though the concept seems nice and Logical to have a steering wheel for smoother more realistic action for games such as Forza Motorsport , NASCAR 2005 ... cup , and IndyCar Series 2005 ... etc I found that I only still had the same problems with steering and control . Not to mention that the forced feedback that this thing is supposed to have is really the weakest that there could be . So after playing with it a couple of hours and giving it an honest try I decided to plug my X-box Pad that came with it back in see what this would be like because the wheel 's action sort of depressed me for $ 60.00 by the time I left the store and made it home to see what it would do for me.So I horsed around with this Pad that used to be a problem for me and much to my surprise I was amazed at the control I had with a thumb if I could just slow down and think and relax and slooooooooow down . Do n't over steer ! Just real easy movements and back off on the gas and then apply just a tad of break all right on my finger tips instead of all this stuff all over the floor and this bulky thing in my lap . And the forced feedback was happening even if I was hitting the gas for a burn out or just barely touching the wall on the back streach or even sliding off on the lawn ! I can enjoy the feedback much more over the Logitech Wheel ! Now I was having fun ! With a Pad !! And this is what it 's all about right ? I did n't even know that there was feedback in the wheel till looking at it closer ! I sure did n't feel it ! And this is n't just about the feedback . The control was starting to come and all I had to do is look and concentrate and it was in the touch of my left thumb.And I still had all the same steering problems with the bloody Wheel that I did with the Pad so what was this thing doing besides looking like a steering wheel ?!! NOT MUCH . Except for the clutter in my space.I like the pad better ! Way better ! Oh well what can we expect for $ 60.00 ? Until Microsoft or somebody -LSB- Logitech -RSB- comes out with a real decent wheel that will make everyone drop their pad or current wheel for and really enjoy it for more than looks they better put it in their own hands and honestly tell themselves that it is what is stated.Recall that puppy !! I want something real good ! That thing did n't even feel like I was with my car timing wise and the control was a drag!I do n't recommend it .
 The installer and every game I tried attempted to make unsafe changes to my PC including the windows.ini file and explore.exe . My anti-virus program identified these and did the correct thing when it tried to block them . Nobody who is not a super PC wiz should get this because changes like these can ruin your PC.That said , there were no where near 1001 games , more like 100 , and the main program 's UI seem designed to encourage game purchases and not access to what you thought you already bought .
 I 'll never buy this product until the DRM is removed . I 've been hyping up this game for months at work , but now I 'll urge potential buyers to walk away until something is done about this . Absolutely unacceptable .
 Terrible purchase . Laggy rendering speed -LRB- think Powerpoint -RRB- , horrible interface , boring concept . There 's more fun in open-source and you do n't have to put up with EA doing the DRM thing . Talk about not being able to take a clue from their customer base . Sheesh . gg EA .
 What can I say that has n't already been said . Each stage is n't a full game by itself , and too many decisions were made to make the game `` easy '' to play.And do n't get me started about the DRM . Sorry EA , Battlefield 2 was your last good game , and I shall never buy from you again .
 Beyond using the horrible securom antitheft protection , the game is just god-awful boring . It 's a collection of pitiable minigames that would make the worst the wii has to offer blush . You 'll be sick of it in 2 hours .
 Wow , a 50 dollar rental . Cant wait till EA starts doing this with XBOX games , when you put the game in the console , the console writes its serial signature on the game so one cant re-sell/play it anywhere else.godforbid i want to sell the game in the future too ... not possible .
 Unlike what was promised by Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- -LRB- who are well-known for being a horrible company to purchase from or work for -RRB- , this `` survival of the funnest '' -LRB- sic -RRB- natural selection simulation turns out to be little more than a Wolfenstein-like promise for what the future may hold . When Wolfenstein-3D came out decades ago , gamers everywhere bellowed a resounding `` Yes ! This is what it 's supposed to look like ! Now where 's the game ?? '' It turns out that is what EA has produced - nice idea , looks great , and then in a few hours you 're bored to death and anxious for the REAL game.And then there 's the Digital Rights Management -LRB- DMR -RRB- software , referred to by many as `` spyware '' , `` malware '' , and other pejoratives . The installation of this software requires special security access to your computer and its OS , allowing it invisible and untold control of the user 's machine . Some even report that this software can not be fully removed from their machines . Any one of these dire problems would be more than enough in my opinion to run screaming , but it gets worse.The makers of Spore have come up with one of those truly great money-making ideas . They have identified a previously largely untapped source of control over the users of their software - the re-install . Pointing to piracy for their justification , the makers of Spore have designed their software to connect to the company via Internet and literally ask permission to install itself onto the user 's machine.On the surface this sounds merely rather distasteful . But consider what this actually means . Most software applications behave like a commodity , a hammer for example . When you need it , you take it out of the drawer , use it , and put it away . You can do this as many times as you like , without calling the manufacturer and asking for permission , let alone sending them more money . By this analogy , what EA has done is to require the installation of a special drawer into the customer 's home that will restrict access to the hammer , based on permission from the manufacturer.Now consider who loses and who benefits from this scheme in the real world , and why . EA benefits because they can , and do , limit the game to being installed to 3 or 4 times . If you need more than that , you must re-purchase the software . Can you imagine having a hammer you are only allowed to use 3 times before going back to the hardware store to buy another one ? The user benefits from the scheme ... well , not at all . In fact , the ways the user of the software can lose are numerous.The DRM model directly injures the user if any of the following occur : - If the user upgrades their operating system or computer , replaces their computer , or has to reinstall their operating system , requiring more than 3 installations of Spore . - If Electronic Arts decides one day to stop supporting Spore -LRB- perhaps EA writes a new game they want people to purchase - they can kill the old game and create a vacuum -RRB- - If Electronic Arts decides they wish to charge their customers for a required software update . - If Electronic Arts erroneously , or even maliciously , mis-records or mis-reports the number of installations the user has performed . - If the DRM software , either on the user 's computer or at Electronic Arts , makes an error or is unable to communicate with its counterpart through a given network topology . - If the DRM software , with its special security requirements , installs incorrectly , or otherwise misbehaves or causes instability in the user 's system . - If Electronic Arts as a company ever ceases to exist.Spore seems to be little more than a years-long bait-and-switch . The game play is nothing at all like what was promised over these last few years , and the risks to the user and their computer are bizarre and extreme . While I would like very much to give some positive rating for the fairly nice graphics and the work on the animation , the real ` sim evolution ' game play is so non-existant , and the DRM model EA is trying to force upon people is so repulsive and dangerous , that I simply cannot.Alas , where Wolfenstein led to a gaming revolution , had it successors such as Doom , Quake , and Unreal tried to anally rape users with DRM-like horrors the way EA and Spore are trying today , the revolution probably would not have happened.Now that EA has come up with an interesting idea , and done lots of work on version 0.0.1 , I 'm excited about the future , in hopes that they 'll use their engine to write some neat ` sim evolution ' style 3D game . Let 's hope they do n't shoot themselves and our entire computing culture in the foot by retaining the customer-hating DRM model .
 EA screws paying customers with ridiculous DRM . A cracked version was out over a week before the game was released , but EA still expects its paying customers to only install 3 times , ever . What kind of system is it when its easier to pirate the game then buy it legit?Even past the DRM , this game is a tech demo at best . You 'll enjoy making your creature and vehicles and not much else .
 I was eagerly awaiting a purchase of this game and have been looking forward to its release for a while now . However , It has come to my attention of the SecuROM DRM protection and this has caused a `` dealbreaker '' for me.I can not fundamentally , principally or ethically spend any money on such a product . The way I see it ... Each dollar in our economy represents a ` vote ' , ethically I can not ` vote ' for such a product and limitation of it 's use . I would love to buy a license for fair use of this product but unfortunately I can not until this protection is removed.I will await its removal prior to purchase . -- A concerned consumer .
 Seven years of work , ruined by some idiot 's DRM system . Whoever green-lighted the DRM system should be immediately fired . I was psyched to play Spore , but taking a stand against DRM is more important .
 I had pre-ordered Spore , but canceled it when I heard about the SecuRom DRM on the game . The three game activation limit seems more aimed at killing the used game market rather then preventing piracy . Luckily , there are several other new games on the market now and I 'm not too broken up about it.Here 's hoping that EA realizes the problem and changes the DRM setup so that it does n't limit activations .
 The hype for the this game was INCREDIBLY high . To be honest , it would have been hard for ANY game to meet the expectations , but there the marketing department at EA has only themselves to blame for misrepresenting the product.First off , this is NOT a genius masterpiece from Will Wright incorporating halfway robust interpretations of various genres . It 's more like an interactive toy were you play dress-up with your dolls . The design of your creatures turn out to be almost completely cosmetic and not vital to it 's survival at all.Further , you do n't even get to enjoy you creatures appearance that long either . By Civilization phase you are zoomed out and impersonal and ALL physical advancement STOPS . We were told we would be able to revisit any stage at our leisure later in the game , but this is not the case . You can never `` go back '' a scale to deal with the daily lives of the citizens of your empire.MOST IMPORTANTLY , EA is continuing a harmful tradition that needs to die . Draconian yet ironically INEFFECTIVE DRM . This game was leaked and cracked BEFORE IT CAME OUT . Pirates NEVER have headaches with stolen games . It is YOU , the consumer , who will have to call their phone service to even play the game after having to reformat you computer 3 times because of the crashes you eventually get in a Windows environment.Uninstalling the game does not give you back an activation . Uninstalling the game does NOT remove the hidden SecuROM device drivers.My advice ? Only shop on Steam or other centralized online DRM platforms . At least they 're transparent , fix problems quickly when they arise and have great support .
 I have a Dell Laptop running Windows Vista . The game installed successfully but refused to start . After hours on the phone with tech support , they tell me I 'll have to wipe my hard-drive and reinstall windows . The problem is I have more than $ 10,000 of job-important software installed on my laptop . Programs like Siemens Step 7 and WinCC and Scout take about 3 hours each to install by themselves . I do n't want to spend the next 2 weeks reinstalling software just to play this game.They say the DRM built into Spore is getting confused by some piece of software on my laptop but they ca n't figure out which , so it refuses to let the game start . What a waste of money ! Stay away from this game !
 After reading about it here , and comparing to the similar DRM scheme used by Bioshock -LRB- which in the end caused me so much trouble that I did n't finish it -RRB- , I think I 'll pass on this one.DRM tends to muck up the computer too much and also work badly with software such as AnyDVD which I use to avoid the `` you would n't steal a car '' kind of MPAA DRM stuff on the DVD 's I buy.If this keeps up , the pirates will have won , because there is no point in paying for being called a thief and having to employ various workarounds to play your legitimate copy of the game.And trust me , I 've tried ... one of the Medal of Honor games would crash -LRB- !! -RRB- the DVD reader , making it impossible to play . When contacting EA Games I was called a thief and in the end they did n't even bother responding to my emails . So I was forced to crack my legal copy in order to play . How messed up is that ?
 I was very much looking forward to this game , but the pathetic DRM on the game has turned me away . If you buy Spore , you have to `` activate '' it with an internet connection . That 's maybe fine , but the problem is you only get three activations , ever . If your hard drive crashes , or you upgrade your computer , or something goes wrong with the activation , or even if you upgrade only part of your computer ; bam , you need to reactivate . Do it enough , and you wo n't be able to play the game without calling EA 's 1-800 number.Do we really want to live in a world where every time we upgrade our computer , we have to spend hours on hold calling up dozens of different companies to get our software reactivated ? Because that 's where this is heading . Tell EA you wo n't put up with product activation by voting with your $ $ $ . Do n't buy Spore .
 I 've personally been bitten by DRM & by activation issues in the past.The Sony DRM issue stung me and cost me a day , and another morning was lost ringing Macrovision because InstallShield failed to `` deactivate '' when I switched it to another machine.So no - I shant be buying this and I would recommend anyone else to avoid the software until this DRM nonsense is removed.The music industry is sensibly backing out of DRM for their media , so why should we still have to put up with it for software ?!?
 I came here planning to buy two copies -LRB- one for my girlfriend 's birthday soon -RRB- of this game that I have been waiting for for months , and probably would have paid almost anything for them.I then saw that EA apparently has decided that I am a felon for no good reason , turned right around , and left . I do n't shop at stores that ask me to show them my bag when I walk out , and I wo n't shop with EA . I have since convinced two of my friends who are less knowledgeable about DRM not to buy the game.Grow a pair , EA . Respect me as a law abiding customer , and you will receive respect in return , in the form of four customers you now no longer have .
 For those of you unaware , DRM stands for Digital Rights Management . It 's present on many paid for songs , movies , etc. . Have you ever downloaded a song from iTunes and try to copy your songs , or had a Napster subscription that you cancelled , and now your songs do n't work ? That 's DRM in action , and that 's what this game utilizes.The point is to stop people from illegally installing copied versions of the game , much like it is designed to prevent illegal music copying , which is all well and good . The problem is , there is no way to prevent that from happening for most people . There will always be workarounds , or ` cracks ' as they are often known . In fact , there is one for this game already . Thousands-maybe millions , are already downloading this game , free and illegally , despite the DRM.So where does that leave us ? A headache for the paying customers . After 3 activations , which can be caused by something as simple as a hardware upgrade , or a new PC , and you then have to contact EA to let you install the game you already paid for . That is if they , or their license severs are still around . Because in that case , you can never play the game again . Why ? Because you paid for the game , silly , you should have stolen it instead , then you would n't have these problems!Why do companies do this ? No one knows for sure . Probably some company that makes DRM products convinces some clueless executives that it will boost their sales.So here we are again , the consumers getting the short end of the stick from the big corporation . But without the consumer , the corporation is nothing . We can refuse to buy their game untill they stop with the pointless DRM . All a game needs is something simple like a CD check to thwart the casual copiers . Phoning home for activation is just ludicrous .
 Will Wright is a god among game developers , but his overlords at EA have ruined what could have been a great game . They 've embedded unacceptable DRM into this title -- DO N'T BUY IT .
 The game looks promising , which is why it 's the first game I 've bought in over two years , but it wo n't install due to the broken activation . Calling EA support this morning was useless . I 'm going to try to return it , but I doubt that will be successful so I probably just got ripped off for $ 60 by EA .
 I must have been living under a rock , as I had not heard word of the DRM issues before purchasing this game . And I was shocked , and am not surprised at all about the backlash here and other places regarding the crazy DRM scheme.I am all for protecting content but not at the expense of the paying customers like this . I like many here tend to format and re-install everything at least once a year to keep my computer fast and fresh . Now I have to think about Spore when I do that . Thanks but no thanks EA if I could return the game I would.The game it self is fun , top notch game and if not for the DRM would totally be a 5 + star . But like all the others the DRM is too much for this customer .
 I really hope the flood of poor reviews has an impact on sales of this game . I have been looking forward to Spore for years , but now ca n't in all conscience purchase it due to the ridiculous DRM scheme imposed by EA.The greed and disregard for their legitimate customers shown by this move should not be rewarded
 DRM covertly installs a bunch of useless and interfering software on your computer ! Be WARNED !!! Maxis refuses to disclose this during installation , which is ILLEGAL ! EA effectively controls your computer after installation and is EXTREMELY difficult to remove . I 've had to format my computer ... TWICE .
 Unfortunately the gameplay in this game is as much fun as a trip to the toystore for a grown man . Which means for about 5 minutes.But the long term durability of this games comes from a truly innovative direction - DRM . First you struggle to make the game work at all and then after a few uninstalls and reinstalls to try and make it work you are out of the - otherwise very generous - 3 activations EA allows you and you are left with a $ 50 coaster . But do n't underestimate the fun of throwing it repeatedly at the wall until it breaks . Truly an innovative and revolutionary new kind of game . -LRB- Warning
 I was going to purchase this game but after reading and researching about SecuROM DRM I have decided not to purchase it . I was pretty excited about this game but finding out that there is no way to get rid of SecuROM from your hard drive was the deal breaker for me . I am a console gamer at heart so I 'll just save my $ 50 bucks and spend it elsewhere.SecuROM is the reason I will not buy this game .
 I will not be purchasing this game or downloading it as a legit or as a pirated version -LRB- the superior gaming experience -RRB- . The reason is very simple , EA GAMES is using anti-customer DRM which prevents installs , limits usage , and hijacks the computer . Since these are intolerable to myself , the customer , having purchased 4 games -LRB- $ 50 each = $ 200 -RRB- from EA GAMES which used Securom and all installs prevented from the defective Securom crapware.I will simply never purchase another product from ELECTRONIC ARTS again in the future until they wise up and realize that Securom is a sales eliminator . I was considering purchasing the `` Mercenaries 2 '' game , but since it is released by EA GAMES , no sale . I was wanting to purchase SPORE the minute I heard of it being developed , but since it was published by EA GAMES , no sale . I was considering purchasing the last 2 Harry Potter games , but since they were released by EA GAMES , no sale . All I can say is , THANK YOU SECUROM FOR SAVING MYSELF $ 200 -LRB- and more -RRB- by not having myself exchange that money for an enjoyable gaming experience . Securom is saving most likely many tens of millions of dollars from ever reaching the bank accounts of EA GAMES . In fact if Securom continues their trend of keeping many millions of dollars from reaching EA GAMES -LRB- most of those millions of dollars thusly being saved in the customer 's banks or into the bank accounts of the competitors of EA GAMES -RRB- .
 Software makers , Music publishers , Movie Producers - GET IT THROUGH YOUR HEADDRM does not work and only hurts the honest consumer . Most people who are going to steal this game were not going to buy it in the first place . DRM does not make a thief honest!Please remove the DRM !
 There really is n't much to say here . The DRM is terrible -- three strikes and your out -LRB- that 's three installs -RRB- . I guess they do n't want any of us playing this game in a few years . I only keep a game that I am actively playing on my computer , I guess if I wanted Spore , I 'd have to keep it on there indefinitely .
 This game had alot of potential . Its too bad its been DRM crippled and dumbed down .
 Dear EA , Thank you for encouraging piracy by way of your DRM policies . Further more , thank you for killing the sales potential of what is a fantastic game . Whatever you do , do n't stop crapping on your customers . You can obviously see just how much we love to be duped out of our hard earned money to pay for a game that is laden with rootkit style DRM and damage to our computers and it 's administrative rights.While you 're at it , why not require everyone who purchases a game from EA to fork over their drivers license numbers , SSN , finger prints , blood sample , and direct access to our bank accounts ? Oh yeah , let 's not forget to turn over our first born children with purchase .
 I love Spore . I do . However , the way that the DRM is implemented is absolutely unacceptable - when I purchase a game , I am purchasing a game , not a license to use a game . Spore is NOT an operating system , and should not be treated as one . None of this limited number of installs junk - I have multiple computers -LRB- 3 at the moment -RRB- , and regularly upgrade all of them . It should be well within my rights to install it on all of my machines , and then re-install it as many times as I want as I upgrade .
 The gaming companies still do n't understand that annoying their paying customers is n't going to bring more profits.There has been no game ever which has n't been cracked , so the draconian DRM is just going to be noticed and endured only by the people who actually support the company by paying for the game . The people who download it illegally are not going to notice anything .
 Spent some time playing this at a friends house last night . Idiotic DRM makes this a purchase Ill never make . EA DRM = something to drive away more customers than pirates .
 Three Installs . Hardware failure , new computer , need to reinstall the OS , and it still counts toward your limit . After that point , you have to call up and beg EA to allow you to keep using the game you just spent $ 50 for . What do you bet in a few years EA will simply shut down the activation server altogether , rendering your game completely useless -LRB- This has already happened with the Microsoft and Gooogle DRM music/video services -RRB- . As others have noted , this is simply an expensive RENTAL , and you may find yourself unable to use your game at any time .
 The atrocious DRM provided with this version of Spore results in my not purchasing over-the-counter . Nonetheless , I have played the game , and it 's not all that - definitely not worth jumping through hoops repeatedly for the sake of some silly DRM ...
 It HAD the potential of being the best selling game of all time , but the folks over at EA destroyed any chance of that happening.The DRM in this is an insult to us . EA treats it 's costumers as if they were all criminals .
 First time reviewer at Amazon even though I 've purchased hundreds of products via Amazon.While checking on the shipping status of my pre-ordered copy I decided to check out the reviews for Spore . Completely unknown to me since it 's not on the packaging or Amazom review -LRB- or any other review I 've read -RRB- , Spore uses SecuROM DRM which limits the number of times I can use the game . Upgrade a PC or change a major component and you 'll have to reactivate the game ... and you only get three times . Worse yet , SecuROM DRM installs an application on your PC that can not be removed short of reformatting your hard drive.Due to this , I 'll be returning my copy before I even open the Amazon box . Kudo 's to Amazon for having such a great return policy . And kudo 's to the Amazon reviewers for informing me that Spore had draconian SecuROM DRM before I opened the box !
 I play games on my computer because I appreciate the sophistication of games designed to work with a keyboard and utilize my cutting edge CPU & video card . For years , this environment has given me the richest gaming experience available . on any platform . Graphic hardware on consoles only improves on a 5 to 7 year schedule . PC games are always designed for the next generation of hardware.Spore is a new breed of video game that is designed primarily for consoles . Its graphics are old news for people running modern computer hardware . The interface is dumbed down for console controls.No thanks . I 'll stick with games designed for the hardware I 'm running them on .
 EA 's use of DRM to make this into a rental $ 50 videogame for the PC has not only given rise to greater pirating of computer software but also a terrible game.Spore is not the all-encompassing universe of creation we were awaiting ; it 's stuck with unsophisticated design elements that herald Sims of a different character customization facet at each new level . This is overdone ; it 's not even properly done , despite the fact that this genre and format of game has been created on a micro-scale -LRB- i.e. SimCity compared to space travel `` Sims '' in Spore -RRB- . Do not buy this game - given the fact that EA included DRM and the fact that they ruined a great concept to produce a trash game . Unless you are a kiddy - then look at all the pretty colors and buy buy buy !!!
 From all previews I 've read and all videos and hype I 've seen , Spore would seem to be the perfect sandbox game . I love the evolution/space exploration theme , and if there is one game I 've always wished for but never even seen anything close to , this would be it . Unfortunately , despite this , I will not buy this game , and I recommend no one else buy it either . Unless EA releases a version of the game without the horrible SecuROM DRM added to it , it will remain unplayed on my computer.I ca n't help but notice that the game is already available for download on the Pirate Bay , no doubt with all traces of SecuROM removed and thus , offering a purer gaming experience.Please do not buy this game , and maybe the publishers will finally realise that this overly aggressive rights protection scheme only strikes against legitimate customers .
 I was really looking forward to this game ... Then 3-4 months ago , I heard of the copy protection that it 'd use . Now , while the game holds my interest , what they 're selling here does not . $ 50 for a game ? Great ! $ 50 for something that 'll turn into a worthless plastic coaster whenever the guy I bought it from decides ? -LRB- `` hey ... we just released Spore 2 , we 'll turn off Spore and make them buy the new one ! '' -RRB- ... Not so great.I might spend $ 10-15 for something that 'll turn into a worthless plastic disc at the publishers whim . But $ 50 ? That 's reserved for a game that 'll stay a game . I still revist classics that were made 10 years ago . They still play despite the publishers being long gone.Spore promises to be such a classic.It also promises to be unplayable 10 years from now.There 's way more games out there than I have time to play ... so I 'll spend my money on games that will stay games . Like Oblivion or games published by Stardock . -LRB- They do n't even require the CD ! How 's that for taking care of the customer ? -RRB-
 Friend of mine from work told me about this game so I decided to look into it and was almost getting ready to order when I saw the star rating . After reading the reviews , thank heaven that the DRM issue was mentioned . I 'm an avid Sims player & I love the way I can play the game differently each time . But I have to delete & reinstall each time I want to variate the game . But I only get 3 shots with Spore and then I 'm outta luck . After paying fifty bucks for it ??? I 'm telling my friend tomorrow about this game being DRM 'd . He has n't a clue about the nightmare DRM can cause . I went through it with Sony and NEVER AGAIN !!!! Thanks to all the reviewers for keeping consumers informed . Shame on you EA . Whatever happened to keeping the customer happy ? Oh , I forgot , corporate greed !!!
 DO NOT get this game . The DRM has cripped it . It will only allow you to install it 3 times EVER . What happens if you need to format your computer ? Or something goes wrong . You 're screwed .
 The DRM for this game is so ridiculous , and outrageous , that you 'd be better off pirating it . At least in that case you would n't have to deal with Securom spyware infections on your computer .
 Plain and simple . I will not buy this game as long as the DRM is part of the deal . I am not a criminal . I will not be treated like one to play a game .
 I waited for this game for so long , I thought it might be an actual WoW killer and that I 'd start spending so much time playing it , I 'd cancel my WoW account . Now with the DRM from hell , there 's not a chance I 'll be buying it until they remove it.Hell , the real value to the publisher is n't in the initial game packaging , it 's in the subscription . If EA had any brains , they 'd realize that . I guess Blizz is the only real game company that understands that enough to not screw the people paying them ...
 I was very excited to come to Amazon tonight and purchase my copy of Spore . Amazon always has the BEST selection and FASTEST deilvery ! However , after reading the reviews that the game includes a malware/rootkit program called SECUROM on my computer leaves a bad taste in my mouth so sour that I refuse to purchase this revolutionary gaming title.I will not encourage what EA is doing to the PC gaming industry with their over protective and illegal DRM software . If I buy a game for 49.99 , I expect to install it as many times as I want on my computer and play it whenever I want . NOT AFTER EA SAYS I CAN ! When will they learn to take CARE of honest paying customers . This was supposed to STOP piracy , not ENCOURAGE it by downloading a illegal/pirated copy with no DRM software so you can enjoy it with peace of mind . EA is shooting themselves in the foot on this one . I encourage all other consumers/PC gamers to stand up and not support EA and their invasive DRM software!Buyer Beware 49.99 is too much for a mere RENTAL , you only get to install it THREE TIMES and only ONE ACCOUNT per purchase . I can not even play this game with my FAMILY , I would have to pay $ 300.00 to buy six copies for each family member ! Warning
 I have debated all evening whether to take the plunge and install Spore , because I 've waited a few years for it . But I am unwilling to install a rootkit on my computer to let some company spy on me or monitor my activities . Enough is enough . I hope that EA takes a major financial hit for this . I am livid .
 I do n't care how fun the game might be . DRM is NEVER welcome on my computer . Electronic Arts really blew it on this one .
 Alot of the other reviewers have mentioned the DRM in Spore . They talk mostly about the problem they have with the number of installs allowed and having to call up EA -LRB- at your expense -RRB- and try to wrangle a new install if you go past your allotment . I hate this as well.But my problem goes back to Sims 2 and when EA started including SecuROM with the expansion packs . Secretly installed on your computer with no documentation , it rendered many peoples drives useless , and even after they provided an `` uninstaller '' remnants will remain.There 's no way I would recommend any product from EA that included SecuROM .
 When I purchase a video game or computer game or any piece of software , really , I expect certain things . I expect to be able to reinstall it in the event of a fatal system crash , for instance . I expect to be able to install it on my brand-new laptop after junking my old laptop . I expect not be treating like a software pirate because I purchased a piece of software . Imagine if after I made a purchase of canned goods or bread & milk , the supermarket sent an employee home with me to make sure I was the only one who ate it . Imagine part of his job was to ensure that I only poured from a carton of milk three times before throwing it out . That 's how patently ridiculous the restrictive DRM on this title is . Forget it . You keep it , EA .
 I wish I had done more research about this game prior to pre-ordering it a month in advance . In a nutshell ; this game sucks.There is no point in ` evolving ' a creature -LRB- which is supposed to be a major point of the game -RRB- , because the game works on statistics , not actual components . What does that mean ? I 'll tell you
 I was even going to run it on a computer that I could sacrafice to the DRM scheme . I then decided not to support EA and their DRM friends . It 's best not to reward them . The single license thing sucks too .
 Introducing a malicious piece of software which you have absolutely no control over is completely ridiculous . It is like buying a car , but they only let u turn it on 3 times , i mean seriously ? Why would i legitimately pay for a car that i can only turn on 3 times when i can get one for free with no such restrictions ? Ea is not only encouraging the use of pirating but they are in fact PUSHING you to use pirating . Find another way to combat piracy or go out of business . The huge outcry related to your DRM will only become more and more severe for any new games released unless something is done drastically . you can only hit the consumers in the face with the DRM bat so many times before we learn to duck . and now we are fighting back !!
 Quick Review
 Being that the product can only be installed 3 times , there is a potential problem with used copies . Be careful when buying used , as you may end up with a disk that you ca n't do anything with .
 Beware ! This product comes with rootkit software that you can not remove , and the game will not run without this malware . Thumbs down to EA for the poor quality assurance . What 's that ? They * knew * this rootkit was present ? They * added * this rootkit ? Wow , epic fail for EA ! I was really looking forward to buying this game . I guess I 'll have to search around for a non-crippled version .
 The game itself is 3-5 hours of game play and then it 's just a big sandbox to play in.Maybe it 's a good thing I 'm only allowed to activate it 3 times .
 DRM makes me want to pirate this ... i reformat my computer way too often to have to call them at least once a year if i want to reinstall ... this is just heinus . Down with DRM ! Down with EA ! Down with stupid corporations !
 The game is pretty fun , though the tribal and civ stages are a good bit less fun than the rest . The real killer here is the DRM . I am a computer engineering student and frequently make hardware changes and format drives on a nearly weekly basis . The DRM limits on this game mean I have to have an entire hard drive dedicated to Spore to avoid having to call EA every other week .
 I did order this game but returned it unopened because of the securom DRM . I 've fought this thing before with limited success until I reloaded the OS . Not sure if securom is new and improved , better than it was , or whatever . I wont have it on my system again . It came back once more with MassEffect . It was easier to remove this time but once burned ... I think the publisher should be liable for they damage they do to systems in the name of protecting their product at our expense .
 I really thought it will be fun and creative game , but oh man was i disappointed.It almost looks like an unfinished product . Do n't buy it , seriously.When buying it i was n't aware of DRM protection at that time . Now it 's too late and i ca n't return it back.So make sure that you really want it .
 Instead of going on and on about the DRM thing , I 'll write a review that actually focuses on the gameplay.Swing and a miss , Maxis . I looked forward to this game more than any other out of Maxis based on concept alone . The actual gameplay , however , is repetitive . Regardless of what evolutionary path you choose for your creature , and regardless of how cool it looks , you 're doing the same game path every single time . Befriend that species . Attack that species . Eat that fruit . Befriend that tribe . Attack that tribe . Kill that that animal ... It goes on like that for every stage of evolution , for the entire game . This game lacks both the potential for spontaneity that is found in Maxis ' most popular franchise -LRB- the Sims -RRB- and the real strategy element that is found in other games that involve citybuilding and relating with NPCs -LRB- IE Age of Empires , Sim City , The Caesar series , etc -RRB- . The creature creator may be fun for some , but if you do n't enjoy fiddling for hours with the customization aspect of things -LRB- which I do n't , -RRB- then I would n't recommend Spore for you . You 're better off grabbing another game in the city building vein , such as one of the ones mentioned above , or even the much older -LRB- but , play-wise , more satisfying -RRB- game Creatures 3 . I 'm sorry , Maxis . I love most of your games , but this one was far from spectacular .
 I bought this game after buying the Spore Creature Creator earlier.The install said it had to uninstall the stand alone creator before installing the full game . It did that , and then installed the full game with the EA download manager to get updates/patches . The first try running it , it would n't start and give an error `` Duplicate instance already running '' . I got around that problem by uninstalling the download manager , which apparently only manages to prevent the game from running . The next run was sucessful -LRB- but this game takes forever to load -RRB- . Anyway , this game seems to borrow game play rules from various other games , but Spore pulls it off well enough comsidering what the game is about.The cell stage is as a single cell and you click your mouse in the direction you want to go . You run into food to eat , and so on . A short stage , but any longer would be boring.In the creature stage , you get your legs and go on land to hunt . At this stage it resembles World of Warcraft in it 's game play . Hitting a target.The tribe stage is more about controlling groups of your creatures similar to C&C ; , Civ , and the like . You conquer all the towns for global domination.The final stage is space . Anybody who may played Homeworld or similar space games knows what this is like.I have to hand it to the guys that made this , THE SPACE MAP IS HUGE ! This game is really a space faring game above all else , since you can get through the other stages quite a bit quicker compared to exploring space.You have the option to start at any stage you want , after you achieve the space stage the first time , which is a good thing . The thing that 's a drag is you have to go through the stage tutorial EVERYTIME you start a new game . If there 's an option to turn that off , I have n't found it.The space stage could have been much better if the AI controlling each planet was a lot smarter . As it was , I found myself wanting to manage the planet as I did in the previous stage.Instead I was searching for junk , to make money , to build colonies , which make money , a vicious cycle . Colonies and terraforming equipment are way over priced to really get anywhere.All in all a great concept with a melding of various genres , but some of the important game play elements fall short . EA was banking too much on the appeal of user generated content and it should n't have .
 This whole drm issue reminds me when I was a computer tech going out to people 's houses to fix their computers -LRB- usually spyware/virus issues -RRB- . I inspected a computer of a honest hard working guy , living in a not so great part of town who just got off work and couldnt play an expansion of the sims he loves so much . I checked all the windows stuff , no problem there I check the game disc and everything else I could think of , I googled the problem and lo and behold TONS of people had this secure-rom problem . I had to tell the guy who knows little about computers I couldnt get the secure rom off -LRB- which I used tools for but still wouldnt load the game -RRB- and that a format MIGHT do it . I still think about his dissapointment , he bought the sims 2 and 3 or 4 expansions with not a lot of disposable income . Thanks EA , I can download any of your games any time and I dont care , this guy bought everything legit and you screwed him . ^ Clap ^ Clap ^ Clap
 I * was * looking forward to this game coming out - until I heard about the horrible DRM associated with it . My computer already got screwed up from one of the Sims 2 expansion packs -LRB- another EA game -RRB- , I do n't want to get screwed over again , especially since this computer has had to be reformatted twice already , I doubt the 3 installations are worth it . Also , unlike many other people I know , I 'm not into pirating software , which is the only way to get a `` clean '' game - which is really sad . I guess I 'll just wait a few years and buy it when they have a stripped version for sale - or not at all .
 I went through this with Bioshock and declared right then and there that it would never happen again.I know quite a few in my gaming community that were looking forward to Spore until they found out about the drm.When you consider that it is just a game and plenty others are out there to take our money there is NO reason for us to pay any attention to this release.Then and ONLY then will publishers start listening to gamers . If you want their attention hit them in the bank account !
 Spore , courtesy of monopoly-wannabe Electronic Arts , is a mess of a PC game . It features a DRM protection device that limits the user to 3 installations . Should you want to install it a fourth time , you will have to call EA to request an extension of your license . Limiting the consumer to a set number of installs on his computer is unacceptable . The consumer bought the game for well over $ 50 . He did n't rent it , he BOUGHT it ! That means he can do whatever the hell he wants with his copy , including installing it 395 times if he wishes so . EA is violating consumers ' rights and it is unnacceptable . Period .
 Why oh why would you limit the installs to 3 ? I was all set to purchase this game , after eagerly awaiting it for the past few years , and then read that . I reinstall my OS at least 3-4 times a year for various reasons , so that would mean I would be able to play the game for a year . After which if I begged you enough , and provided enough proof to your liking , I might be able to install it one more time ?! Not a chance you will be getting my money for this one now , which is a complete shame since this game looks so amazing . Stop treating your paying customers as if they were criminals and I guarantee you will sell more games . Like others have already stated , right now you are essentially forcing people to pirate it . I am fortunate I read about this mess before I purchased a copy . I feel sorry for the unlucky person who gets it home and then realizes what a mess they have on their hands .
 Oh yes you did ! EA , you put this bogus DRM into the most anticipated title in your arsenal ? Whomever was responsible for that decision deserves to be flogged , flayed , and then sacked . The idea that after three installs , which for anyone who updates hardware regularily can do in no time flat , I need to call and convince EA that I 'm not a criminal is ... well criminal.Save your money , and let EA and other companies know that their customers are not criminals , so stop treating us like one .
 I 'm jumping on the Anti-DRM band wagon for one , also I am writing to say that this game is a pretty poor showing for the amazing Will Wright.The 1 star is for the horrific DRM policy . I have a laptop and a desktop so guess what , I have one more shot to install this game and then that 's it , $ 50 down the tube . Assuming I do n't want to spend a hour on the phone with the Zealots over at EA.The game overall feels broken and dumbed down to nothing . It 's completley not what I had hoped for . Evolution does n't come into play at all , does n't matter what you do in cell stage , you 're only going to change over and over again throughout all the other phases . And the social aspect with other creatures is one of the akward , clunky , and poorly conceived aspects of the game .
 EA Games ' DRM expropriates your physical property interest in this game before you purchase it ; you are relegated to a renter rather than an owner.Purchasing this game equates to acceptance of an antiquated , alienating business model that infringes directly on your rights . Send a message - demand DRM-free media .
 Here we have a brand new , super-hyped computer game , fresh off the presses . As is quite obvious at this point , a plurality of customers are extremely dissatisfied with the game , and I 'm one of them.The dissatisfaction is in small part because the game does n't actually deliver on its promises , as I suspected it would n't ... the projected list of features sounded far too good to be true . SPORE was supposed to be like the Civilization series , except you would evolve your race of creatures from cellular organisms right up to a technologically advanced race of spacefarers.Well , it 's sort of like that , except the first four phases of `` evolution '' -LRB- cellular , creature , tribal , civilization -RRB- are shallow , repetitive , hour-long -LRB- if that -RRB- mini-games . The space phase is longer and better , but certainly does n't make up for the rest of the game 's lack of content , and would n't hold up against a true space exploration game . Also , there 's no sense of truly evolving your creature . It 's all superficial ; you basically pick stats and dress the creature up however you like.But the real reason people are crying out against this game is the harsh DRM
 Will Wright -LRB- creator of Spore , Sims , etc. -RRB- really dropped the ball on this game . Not only does it have the DRM that everyone is talking about , but also the game play is lacking . The beginning of the game is the only real fun part . Then first level -LRB- when you are a Cell -RRB- is the only time when it matters how you make your creature . For example , if matters where you place a spike . If you only have one on your head , then you can only attack using your head and the rest of your body is exposed . Later in the game , when you evolved and went onto land , you can have 10 spikes or just 1 , it does n't make a difference . And the placement does n't matter either . -LRB- For example , if you put a spike on your creature 's tail , it does n't matter . He does n't even attack with it.The major point i 'm trying to make is that this is a shallow game thats not worth RENTING for 3 installations and $ 50 . Will Wright even told the press that he 's not trying to make good , complex games anymore . Instead , he 's aiming for the casual gamers , thereby making a game with little depth and not enough for my money . -LRB- I loved the Simcity series and followed Spore for the past few years -RRB-
 I came here excited to buy this game , but after seeing how this is just a rental , I think I will spend the money on some other game . Too bad , it looked like it could be a lot of fun .
 way to blow this one for your legitimate customers EA ... considering this game was cracked and available on the interwebs days before it was even released in stores , this DRM of yours has really paid off ...
 I thought this was going to be another revolutionary , addicting game from Will Wright . Over the years of hype , a few small demos , and rave previews , I was ready to shell out my $ 50 for this game , much like I do for many other games.Then came the frustration of DRM . I want my game to work every time , even if I play it 10 years from now . I do n't want the game to phone home whenever I install it , and who knows when the servers will be down . So in fact I would n't actually be buying the game , I would only be borrowing it from EA . If they do n't want the game to work , they have that power . I got frustrated enough trying to get a paid copy of Bioshock and Mass Effect to work , and I wo n't stand it again . How come EA makes it harder to buy the game than steal it ? Why ca n't they give me a test drive that 's not 10 minutes long?I went ahead and tried the game for free with the RELOADED release , and quickly found out that the entire game does n't live up to the hype . It 's nothing completely unique really , just a combination of flOw , WoW , and Civilization . The game changes too quickly from one type of gameplay to another , and the end result is a waste of time.Still , though , I think it might be worth $ 30 without the DRM nonsense , and if it were on Steam , I would gladly pay $ 30 for it.Congrats , EA . You lost another $ 50 .
 Ordinarily , artificial life simulations catch my interest , but when I found out that EA would be using Securom to `` protect '' copies of Spore , and additionally only allow the user to install the game three times before they had to call the company for authorization to set it up again , I picked up another piece of software that has fascinated me for years on end , Conway 's Game of Life , and I plan on coding my own implementation of it . At least if I do that , I can decide what can and ca n't be done with the code and who can use it.EA assumes two things by infecting this game with DRM
 I was about to buy this game when I saw all of these negative reviews . ALL OF THESE NEGATIVE REVIEWS . I repeat . I thought there must be something wrong . So I checked it out . VERY glad I did . I do n't want to pay to rent this game either . 3 activations is ridiculous . This was a major let down for me . I was so excited to get this game and start playing it , but all this anti-piracy stuff is just a major turn-off . And so , now I am sporeless . Maybe I will spend the money I am not spending on SPORE for the survival edition of Fallout 3 .
 I am not going to buy a game that I can only install 3 times . I have a laptop and a home pc and both get replaces every year or so . What am I meant to do , buy a new copy of Spore every 1.5 years ? Not going to happen.Meanwhile by all accounts the pirates can enjoy the game for free AND have unlimited installs.I 'm all for buying games and supporting developers , I have enough money to buy any game I want so that is what I do ... but increasingly the bought version of the game is so inferior to the pirated version that one ca n't help but feel they are paying twice ... once for the purchase cost , then again every time the play it to fight through the DRM .
 Like so many others , I tracked Spore 's development for years and jumped at the opportunity to purchase it . What I received was a DRM-crippled , dumbed-down product which fails to deliver on its promising premise . So much has already been written , so I 'll just mention that the fact that the stats in the Creature Creator are calculated completely differently from the stats in Spore itself is a terrible let-down . It removes a great layer of potential strategy from the game and pigeon-holes creatures into predictable skill-sets .
 Spore is a fun game -LRB- mostly for kids , except possibly the space phase -RRB- but is severely marred by the draconian DRM limitations . A point EA seems to misss is that treating potential customers like this is actually going to encourage piracy . It is all well and good if you happen to have paid $ 80 for the game and love it but what about those who do not ? With no demo to play you 'd end up , as someone else put it , with a very expensive coaster . From now on I will more thoroughly research games and their registration requirements and avoid ones such as this .
 After just a couple hours a play , it 's plainly obvious this game is not finished . From creature design , to fighting , to city management , everything is simple . There are very few different ways to do things.It 's amazingly inane . This could have been a game marketed to ten year olds , who might find it engaging . It is not the complex , creature-building game it was touted to be.I would not recommend anyone waste their money on it . Read the reviews on other sites first . There simply is n't much to the game .
 This game is great fun AS LONG as you like making content and then watching it on screen . The game play is very simplistic . Cell stage game play is a flash game with pretty graphics . Creature stage is like Diablo but watered down with very few abilities and repetitive game play . Tribal and civ stages are akin to RTS games , but lack the depth and variety of games such as sins of a solar empire or Warcraft 3 . Space stage is basically the first few stages over and over but with a space ship thrown in.This being said I really do like playing . Creating a creature/building/vehicle , and then watching it do its thing is very satisfying . Bottom line , if you like goofing off and playing with spore like a toy its fun . However if you are looking for a deep combat system , complex rts strategy developing , or thought provoking game play this game is not for you.The simplistic game play coupled with outrageous DRM and the EA sporepedia server being very buggy -LRB- wo n't upload some creatures -RRB- , this game need lots of work to be a fun GAME . The editors are already Fantastic . Stages need to be fleshed out with more abilities/vehicles/strategy / etc. . DRM needs to be done away with or made less crazy -LRB- 3 installs you are basically renting the game for 50 USD -RRB- securom needs to be done away with -LRB- it killed a CD rom drive on an old pc of mine . For the average gamer I would say stay away for now or wait for bargain bin prices .
 Spore is probably the best sandbox game around , make over a trillion different creatures . The possibilities are endless.But I have to say the securom and DRM just made me return the game , I am a computer builder and I am always re-formating and adding new parts to my computer . So I just do n't think its worth it , its just an expensive rental .
 DRM prevents any desire to purchase this game . even though it had so much potential .
 Spore is shallow and boring after the first 5 minutes . The DRM is crippling . Save your money . What a waste .
 Not a great game , too much of a mish-mosh of different ideas - that get old quickly . Think `` mini games '' . On the plus side
 This product sets a dangerous precedent for broken , unusable software . Installing DRM protection makes this game a rental , not a purchase . With all the updates that modern computers go through , this game will need to be adjusted repeatedly every time windows OS is updated .
 I was planning on purchasing this game along with my new MacBook next week so that I would have something to do during my `` Discourse Analysis '' class for the remainder of the semester . The game looks amazing , and I 've been keeping up with it since last year . However , upon reading about the DRM issues and how I wo n't even be able to play the game after a couple of computer or operating system upgrades down the road , I 've decided against . As was said in another review , EA ca n't expect to treat their customers like trash and still expect people to hand over their hard-earned money . If these issues are addressed , I 'll buy . Until then , no thanks EA , and no hard feelings Mr. Wright .
 Spore is a fantastic game . You may only get 10-20 hours of gameplay out of it if you call yourself a ` gamer ' but for anyone with even a casual interest in games , its well worth the $ 50 . the gameplay is fantastic.The problem is that you are treated like a criminal for buying this game . You are allowed * one * login per cd-key . and once the game has been reinstalled 3 times . you have to call and plead to EA that you arent a criminal . Its a shame that they chose to use the invasive securrom copy protection . The fact is , the protection was removed a week before spore came out by random internet people . You can download this game easily , for free , with no DRM . The DRM adds nothing to the customer experience , does not prevent copying , and treats you like a criminal.This game does not cost $ 50 . it costs $ 50 per person , per computer .
 It 's a shame that after all the hype , one of the ` must buy ' games is infected with DRM.I guess the only way to install this game DRM free is to download a pirated copy instead of purchasing one from the publisher .
 As a former software developer for a popular Personal Financial Manager , knowing that you treat your customers with respect is paramount . Crippling everyone 's computer , eliminating their privacy without notice is unacceptable behavior . Does n't matter how good the game play is , once you get to it . Consumers need to vote with their pocketbook and change these business practices . HAve n't they learned from Sony ?
 I bought it sight unseen ; wish I 'd seen it here first . It 's gone back where it came from and wo n't be making a return journey unless and until they get rid of the DRM .
 The Digital Rights Management may be a pain on this product but its not the deal breaker . I waited years for this game expecting at bare minimum 30-40 hrs of fun . The game play is abysmal , the whole evolutionary advancement concept has been so ruined . The physical structure of your creature has absolutely no effect on its performance . Its been reduced to a mindless point and level system . The final insult is the Space stage it is absolutely mind numbing . The control of your spaceship is near impossible in battle situations and the whole planetary advancement method is dull and exceedingly repetitious . IF your looking for a awesome game to spend your hard earned cash on go get `` Sins of the Solar Empire ''
 Here we have another interesting game concept that suffers from DRM issues like many other games released recently.Piracy is indeed an issue in the gaming industry but these kind of `` solutions '' just penalize honest gamers who buy the product and then find it difficult -LRB- or even impossible -RRB- to enjoy it . The 3 installations are not the only problem though
 ... and I will be returning it unopened as soon as it gets here . I can live with the less than stellar reviews of the gameplay -LRB- in fact , many of my favorite games were not very well received by the gaming press -RRB- , but I WILL NOT ACCEPT the ridiculous DRM which makes the game essentially a $ 50 rental . Shame on you , EA .
 Spore is moderately entertaining ... a bit too simplistic and repetitive for most players , but just cute and wacky enough to be amusing for a while . If I were rating the game just on the gameplay and fun factor , it would be about a 3 out of 5 ... a mediocre but not bad titles.Trouble is , this product is saddled with mind-blowingly awful DRM . As others have said , it restricts you , the legal owner , to a mere three installs by checking each one over the internet . After that you have to contact EA and ask/beg their permission for another install , which they do n't have to grant . As another poster said , this essentially means that when EA chooses not to keep the servers going , this game is done . You are paying a steep fee for what amounts to a rental . Do yourself a favor and pass . There are much better games out there , and this one is simply not good enough to justify putting up with its DRM.EA 's quest to shut down pirates does nothing more than punish lawful owners . Pirates will still get this game , EA 's done nothing to hinder that . Thanks a lot EA for accusing us all of being thieves . I have just returned my copy to the store and deleted it from my computer ... took some arguing to get them to accept a return of an opened product , but I simply could n't bring myself to accept this DRM mess for such an average game.Oh , and as a final note ... unless I missed something , it seems you can only have one save file . What the heck is that about ? No room for multiple saves to experiment with different evolutionary paths ? All that does is encourage you to `` play it safe '' so that everything works out for the best ... you never really get a chance to see all the `` what if '' scenarios that could occur by taking your species a different way .
 I purchased the highly anticipated game `` Spore '' on Sunday , September 7th , the day of its release.After installing the game on my Mac Pro , it turned out the game did not properly support my audio system , which is an advanced multi-track audio system . It basically plays back distorted and fuzzy . Mind you , this is the only product or game that has ever had issues with my audio hardware or audio drivers.Okay , I uninstall the game.Next , I install it on my Mac Book Pro . The game runs with fine audio , but unfortunately for me , the performance is too poor once you get to the Creature Stage to be any fun . The Mac Book Pro is about to reach its 2nd anniversary , so somewhat understandable . However , it still has 2GB of RAM , runs at 2.4 Ghz , with the minimum spec Nvidia video card . World of Warcraft and other games run fine.All right ... I uninstall the game.Next , I try installing the game on my work machine -LRB- 3GB Windows XP -RRB- , just to see if there are any issues . Understandably , I intended to uninstall it after giving it a whirl , as I much prefer to have this game running at home on my Windows XP Bootcamp . Well , it runs fine . Great!I uninstall the game.Finally , I go to install the game on my home Mac Pro again , except with Windows XP Bootcamp . I 'm hoping the Windows drivers will be a bit more graceful.But what 's this ? I 've exceeded my maximum installs ! I need to call EA to get another activation ? I might be a software pirate ? What?This is a terrible experience , and a terrible way to treat legitimate customers who support your software . Now , I 'm even inconvenienced to call EA customer support just to get a single copy of my purchased game running ! -LRB- Maybe ! -RRB- Needless to say , this product is POOR ; regardless of the game play experience -LRB- which so far , has honestly proved pretty dumbed-down from what was originally expected , but I digress from the real issue here
 This game could have been fun . This game could have been very , very fun . In fact , this game COULD have been a game that revolutionized the slightly-stale world of video games.Except for one major issue
 We need to stop supporting companies that employ these draconian practices . These methods do n't hurt pirates , just legitimate consumers . It 's rather elitist to assume that everyone with a computer has internet . People lose jobs , get sick and sometimes just lose service . How much more irritating would it be to not have access to a game you 've already paid for ?
 another fine example of a company bending over their paying customers , and they wonder why pirating is so prevalent .
 The funnest part of this game was the cell stage for me . It all went downhill from there . Once I finally did get to the space age I played around with it for a while until I finally just got bored and rushed to the ending , which was a huge disappointment . The game is mediocre at best , the most fun you 'll have is creating new creatures , but you ca n't really do much with them.And the DRM is just ridiculous . You 're basically renting the game from EA . I would n't recommend this game to anyone but the most die-hard Will Wright fans .
 When will they stop clogging my computer with this DRM garbage ? It really is invasive and my spy ware detector thinks it 's spy ware .
 It 's been a long time coming for Spore . It was hyped up as one of the biggest PC games of the year , coming out for many platforms as well . It was supposed to be revolutionary.Well , it 's not BECAUSE EA SCREWED IT UP WITH STUPID DRM . You get 3 installs . That 's it . If you format , get a new PC , crash and have to reload , anything like that , you have 3 `` activations . '' After that , too bad you wasted your money . Your $ 50 goes into EA 's pocket and you ca n't play YOUR GAME YOU BOUGHT . So in theory , when you buy this game , your renting it . That 's the bottom line.Bottom line , do yourself a favor and spend your $ 50 elseware . Buy a Blizzard game . They get things right , and do n't screw you over if you want to install it more than 3 times .
 DRM is a pain , especially if you get the itch to play an old game and you legitimately purchased and find that you are locked out because you either misplaced a CD key or activation servers are no longer functional .
 EA is waging war on their customers with Spore 's activation system . Take a stand and do n't support this .
 Ok , let 's start this off with the first issue DRM . The DRM sucks and that aspect alone is a reason to avoid this game.Now , with that being said , let 's take a look at the game itself . I think one of the ` professional ' reviews had it correct when they said this game was actually a toy with a sandbox for you to plays with your toys . The creators -LRB- creature , building , vehicle -RRB- are fantastic . It 's simply what happens to your creations afterwards -LRB- or how little you see of them in terms of buildings -RRB- , that 's rather irritating.In terms of how your creatures reacts to the universe is solely dependent on the stats of the parts you use to create your creature . I found myself being ` forced ' to create my creature a particular way simply because certain parts were needed in order to be ` granted ' particular actions associated with those creature parts . Why not simply give me the ability to ` purchase ' the stats , just like you do the parts?The gameplay is broken into segments which could be compared to VERY dumbed down versions of the following games : Pac ManAge of Empires/Warcraft II -LRB- more of an individual based Real Time Strategy type game -RRB- Command & Conquer -LRB- more of a Unit/vehicle based Real Time Strategy -RRB- Civilization -LRB- in space -RRB- Now while I really enjoyed the cell stage -LRB- The Pac Man stage -RRB- in the very beginning , the rest of the stages really did n't do much for me . They were all very easy and very repetitive . I 've now worked my way through to the space stage twice now -LRB- takes a few hours -RRB- , and will likely never do those again -LRB- except may be the cell stage - just for fun -RRB- . The commands also seemed counterintuitive at times , when to press the left versus right mouse buttons , and camera controls were a bit off.Now compared to the other stages , the space stage seems to complicate things exponentially . I would n't say it 's too hard , but the audience the game is geared for based on the first 4 stages , is NOT the same audience the space stage looks to be geared for , unless the first 4 stages were simply a tutorial . And if that is indeed the case , well , then I can find other space games that I would enjoy much more on a strategic level . -LRB- Galactic Civilizations anyone ? -RRB- All in all , the game seems to be very much a mish-mash of different genres geared around your ability to create things.BAD :1 -RRB- DRM - for those who have n't purchased , stay away2 -RRB- Very uneven difficulty - will be either too easy/repetitive for veteran gamers , or too difficult for novice gamers -LRB- space stage -RRB- based on the complexity increasesGOOD :1 -RRB- The creators are fun to play with for a time . It 's obvious that the game was meant to showcase these.In summary , assuming the DRM issue is resolved , I still would n't pay full price for this game .
 Nuts . After several years of waiting , EA has managed to take an overdue , eagerly anticipated product a kill it . As a long-time Sim fan -LRB- SimEarth , SimCity series , SimCopter , SimLife , SimTower , etc. -RRB- , I 've been geeked up for this launch . However , the DRM is a show stopper . As an information security professional , I wo n't permit DRM with undisclosed spyware capabilities on my system . User-space applications such as Spore have no business obtaining the excess privilege that licensing DRM applications obtain . While it 's likely that EA has attempted to limit the reach of its DRM to just enforcing the software-rental DIVX limitations on installations and use , and probably providing them with use and profile data useful in their data mining activities , you 're completely at risk to their DRM not opening up new avenues to exploit your PC.You really have to wonder where EA 's product development team and executives were at on this one . Did they completely miss Sony 's DRM rootkit disaster ? Or even Circuit City 's DIVX rental fiasco ? What made them think that combining two disasters in one DRM kit would be any better ? Clearly any product team that makes such material missteps is one that I lack confidence in trusting them access to my PC and its data . EA has to throw away the DRM malware or jeopardize its Sim product family cashcow .
 It 's really too bad , it 's a fun little game , and it might have been a huge success , but as released , it 's going to really screw you over . You can install it THREE TIMES . EVER . NO EXCEPTIONS.Even uninstalling the game does n't get you back that install.It 's a RENTAL . You get to install it THREE TIMES . After that YOU BUY IT AGAIN ! BULL !!!!
 I 'd planned on purchasing this , but not with the DRM . Yeah , some folks will say you 're crazy , pony up and do n't worry about it . But this game looked like it had legs and would stick around on a machine for a while . DRM never works in the long run . A laptop upgrade , or machine upgrade or reinstal , and you 're SOL.Yes , you can call the company . But who really wants to spend a hour or two on the phone when you may or may not be successful for a game they may or may not support in the future . Games are supposed to be about fun . This is about creating obstacles . There are plenty of other things than can have my fifty bucks .
 In addition to the nasty DRM , it now comes out that you can only have ONE profile associated with the game . If anyone else in the family wants to play and earn their own achievements , another copy of the game needs to be purchased . This , despite the fact that the rulebook clearly states otherwise AND the game itself has an Internet option to `` Change Users . `` As another user pointed out , too many of the options do nothing other than alter the cosmetic appearance of your critter . One eye or ten , it 's all the same . A creature with six level-one legs will be run down by another with fewer legs -LRB- or even one leg ! -RRB- but a higher speed characteristic . I was really hoping for a WYSIWYG system , but it 's not to be.On top of all this , the game frequently crashes on my new computer running Vista . What 's really frustrating here is how the game gives you glimpses of genre-altering greatness , then buries it beneath loads of bureaucratic money-grabbing . I bought this game at release . I should have waited and saved my money .
 I 'm unsure of what to really think of the current state of Securom - after all , I have the PC copy of Mass Effect and have experienced no troubles with it so far . I can definitely see the justification for frustrations over putting securom into a product this big , and I 'm also very wary of getting ANY other product with securrom installed in my computer . But what else people should be deeply infuriated about it is Will Wright admitting to dumbing down Spore EXACTLY for casuals . Not familiar with this quote ? `` Spore has more depth than , let 's say , The Sims did . But we looked at the Metacritic scores for Sims 2 , which was around 90 , and something like Half-Life , which was 97 , and we decided - quite a while back - that we would rather have the Metacritic and sales of Sims 2 than the Metacritic and sales of Half-Life . `` Do a google search on this . You 'll be bound to find numerous pastings of this . The greatest irony of this line of thinking and philosophy Wright put into Spore is this-Does he HONESTLY think Spore is going to appeal to the SAME audience that went for the Sims ? He admits Spore is more complex than the Sims , and rightfully so . In general , it 's a vaslty different overall gaming experience . The Sims is basically a virtual doll house . Spore is a simulated version of the entire culmination of the processes of evolution.Yet Wright embraces this dumbing down . He honestly believes the audience and taste of fans of the Sims would be so easily extrapolated to Spore . He sacrificed immense levels of possible gameplay depth and experience for this . He ignored the legions upon legions of people who have been watching Spore for it 's entire developmental lifespan , not thinking they and many others would be enough to market to . And all of this is coming from a company that 's now so heavily associated with EA , one of the most monolithically rich companies in the gaming industry.To hell with Wright .
 I will not participate in consumerism of items that punish the innocent more than the guilty . Pirates are finding ways to download and play this game without DRM as we speak , while the honest are feeling the draconian DRM measures and suffering the consequences.I truly believe that if a high quality game release trusted the honest consumers enough to leave off DRM and its ilk , and just post a statement about game designers and how important it is for the future of game development for them to be reimbursed fairly for their efforts , more people would buy the game.Now , one of three things happen . One , we just do n't buy the game . Two , we buy the game and experience frustration . Three , even the innocent will feel the temptation of piracy , thus increasing the problem .
 I 've been waiting for this game for years and then they foul it with a hot steaming pile of DRM.If the morons at EA had a clue , they 'd notice that the pirates have already cracked their customer punishment scheme and posted on dozens of torrent trackers.Nope , instead they elected to punish people like me who purchased the game and are happy to support game designers that do n't churn out the same mind numbing garbage over and over again and call it a new game because they 've altered the chrome or added the words 20xx to the box cover .
 $ 50 for what is essentially a long term rental thanks to `` Piracy protection '' . Some might find that excusable but it gets much worse after that . It loads spyware onto your computer to snoop on you and it permanently takes up active memory as spyware does . But worse , the first three parts of the game are rather brief and can be gotten through in about a half hour each . This leaves the game being basically a very bad space strategy game . Do yourself a favor and get some cute Chibi anime flick and play Galactic Civizilations 2 rather than wasting your money on this .
 I 'm a software engineer by profession , and I have no choice to upgrade and reformat my computer several times a year , which means I 'd hit my 3x install count in a few months easy.I 'm curious what makes companies think they have the right to limit software installs . EULA ? Fine . But from the looks of the review count this one is getting , I can only imagine they are losing a whole helluva lot more revenue from legitimate purchasers than the whole of the pirates out there.I do have a question for EA though - when your game disc becomes a coaster , are you going to limit the number of drinks the buyer can set on it before disabling that feature as well ?
 So far , not impressed . Gameplay is very repetitive , I do n't think it will be very replayable . I 've also run into a game-stopping crash - I am unable to establish trade routes with other cities without the game crashing to desktop . This makes it impossible to advance . Some people have reported that the DRM -LRB- SecuRom -RRB- is causing this , but we 'll see.I would n't buy this game now - wait for a patch or two , and see if the game becomes playable . Even then , with the boring gameplay , I 'd wait to see it in the bargain bin .
 Spore is a collection of dumbed-down ideas poorly implemented with a very good Lego-like constructors.Stage 1
 this type of DRM is a showstopper for me - physically and philosophically.the only people inconvenienced by this harsh DRM is paying customers - the people it is meant to stop just go around it quite easily . so EA and Spore creator Will Wright consider all potential Spore consumers thieves until proven innocent.I * might * consider buying the game -LRB- I do like Will Wright despite this horrible decision and maybe even EA forced him -RRB- but if I do , I will use the crack to circumvent securom - making me a thief even though I paid for it fair and square ! please someone explain to me how this makes any sense at all ?
 The DRM made me feel dirty buying the game , knowing that i might potentially lose something i rightfully bought just because of several reinstalls . But I wanted the game that badly . I waited for eons for it.And ultimately , it 's a good game . Not great . Probably because of the overhype . I played simearth eons ago and this game comes closest to updating on that . Still , it feels like EA was trying to placate gamers from both casual and hardcore ends of the spectrum ; and in the end the game feels shallow . It could have been so much more.It 's not too late to save the game , maxis . release those expansions and make each phase deeper than what it is .
 I have been watching this game in the web news for what seems ages ... I found it interesting and had every intention of going down and purchasing it . Then one of my pals called me who knew I was going to buy and told me he is stuck with a copy he can not activate . His calls to EA have gone unanswered and he ca n't get his money back for an opened product.As someone who reloads his PC twice a year whether it is needed or not ... the limited activations are a sale stopper.I was a fan of EA a few years back ... now I wo n't touch most of there products with a 10 foot pole .
 The game is actually quite fun to play , provided you can actually install it and activate it . If your install fails a few times you may have to re-purchase the game as the Terms state that only 3 installs are allowed -LRB- no matter if they succeed or fail -RRB- and no refunds will be given after those installs are used up . So you 'd be much better of waiting to purchase when EA strips the game of it 's copy protection down the road . By the way , those pirates got this game before it was released , so they do n't have to deal with this like us legit gamers do .
 I hav n't actually played the game but I 'm just joining the anti-drm party because I would n't even consider buying it with this junk on it .
 I torrented this game yesterday , imagining I might buy it -LRB- if only for the sake of its online capabilities -RRB- were it to turn out to be great . Christ , am I glad I did.Complaints about DRM aside -LRB- as though companies could do any less these days to make consumers dislike them ... -RRB- , Spore is still an utter let down . Gameplay is simplistic , repetitive , and utterly lacking in depth and/or interest . Evolutionary continuity from one stage to another is simplistic , and mostly cosmetic ; the form your creature takes -LRB- which can be freely changed at any time with no evolutionary or functional consequence -RRB- bears no effect on its function . In short , the very exciting conceptual premise on which this game rests - - that the player has the ability to craft , with much depth , a world of his own evolutionary making - - is a sham in most ways . Given , I have n't put too many hours into this game , but based on my experience thus far I have been given no reason to.So , save some money and do n't buy Spore . Maxxis would have done far better to pick one of the evolutionary stages that are the focus of this game and enrich it to the point where it boasts real complexity . In its current form , Spore is a novelty , and an utter disappointment .
 EA has intentionally made this game as hard to run as possible , totally unacceptable in my book .
 EA , are you listening?I 'm guessing not , since you 're making your cash despite all the whining here . But for the record , now that I 've bought the game , I will be heading off to the Warez sites this evening for the crack.Spore is cool and a lot of fun so far . Putting DRM on it is like finding a band-aid under your steak.Maybe I can put it into language that a bean counter can understand
 3 installs , that 's it . No more . Ca n't install on once computer ? One . Try another ? Two . Laptop ? Three . Still does n't work ? pay $ 50 bucks and try it again .
 The DRM on this game is so restrictive . It does n't even serve its purpose well since this game is being pirated already . So in a failed attempt to stop pirates , EA has managed to block out many of their customers .
 I generally install new hardware on my computers a few times a year . These are major changes that often require a re-installation of all software including the OS.EA has hosed me by not allowing me to keep installing SPORE as necessary . EA get this message - when you slap paying customers in the face you get slapped back !
 This game built up our excitement and then took it away and threw it down the drain , terrible DRM , age old gameplay . Truly a waste of money .
 Apparently , Amazon only allows reviews with silk gloves on for Spore , so here is a review that is way to friendly for the way Electronic Arts treats its customers : The game is kind of addictive , so you do n't keep track of time . When the time comes for the crash - and those DO happen in Space Stage , you are likely to loose a lot of your game progress . For this fact , game developers included auto-save in games once the age of floppy-booted games had ended . Obviously , the Spore developers must be dating back to before that time - or they are just out there to annoy people .
 We bought this game brand new and our Mac meets the game 's requirement but no matter how many times we try to get it to install or even do ANYTHING other than freezing the `` SPORE '' screen , which force us to constantly restart our computer , we ca n't get it to play . We 've contacted the customer service and they are absolutely NO help . A huge disappointment.We 've also looked everywhere online for tutorials and helps on how to get past the installation part so we can play the game and still no luck . Maybe it would 've worked if we bought it brand new back in 2008 when it was first released and not in 2011 ? ** If any Mac user have any luck with getting this brand-new game to install , PLEASE do contact us by commenting on this review and let us know how to get it install . Until then , we 're giving this game a 1 star review because of the installation part for Mac . Thanks .
 Vous m ` avez eu en me jumelant des sacs d'aspirateur qui ne s ` adaptaient pas sur la balayeuse que j' achetais par vos services.Bravo vous m ` avez eu une autre fois mais c'est la derni&egrave;re .
 My kids had to have this game . They saved and pooled their money and installed it on the computer . That was great . It was working . They loved it . Spore is , after all , a fun game . However , then they downloaded the recommended patch . The game would no longer load . We spent over an hour chatting with tech support . Spore 's tech support 's final solution was to create a new administrative account on our PC just to play Spore on and reinstall Spore in that account and not install the patch.If you have Vista , do not update the software .
 After all the hype , Spore 's only purpose is to play dress up the doll and give that doll limited choices and minigames to play through . The only reason this game is n't a complete bust is because my 4 year old cousin likes to play this game when she comes over and its clean for her .
 Treating honest custumers and supporters with this kind of treatment is unacceptable , I was looking forward to buy this game , but now I will not.The game copy protection requires on-line activation and you can only install the game 3 times . -LRB- So long retro gaming -RRB- Why should I continue to pay up to 60 $ and support those who betray my trust while pirates play the game for free plus without the release and delivery delays and even without the copy protection.It 's a simple yet fun game with loads of replay value , but with this kind of punishment for those who are willing to pay , I wo n't buy it .
 I agree with everyone that has reviewed this game . I have personally had horrible experiences with games containing outrageous activation processes , install limits , etc. etc. . I was excited about this game and will never buy it because of the DRM .
 I 've been waiting for this game for a long time . I bought the Creature Creator software and it got me even more excited to play . Now there 's all this hullabaloo and after reading the few positive and some of the negative reviews , I wo n't be buying this game . We wipe and reinstall at least once a year and we 're due for one soon . It would being going on my husband ' a pc as well as mine so my son could play it when I 'm using my computer . So , within a few months I 'd already be out of installs.I have heard there 's a pirated version out there without the DRM and piggyback-ware , but I wo n't be looking for it . I 'm not a pirate , just a consumer , and I 'm happy to lay down fifty bucks for a good game that I 'll enjoy playing , but $ 50 is an awful lot of money for a couple months and an unwanted , unremovable program plaguing my computer , no matter how great the game may be . I gave it a 1 star for fun because this game is giving me no fun.I 'm hoping that EA will come out with a `` fixed '' version soon , if they do , I do n't hold grudges and will at that time still pay $ 50 for Spore .
 I have n't bought this game , and i realize that 's a problem for some , but i will NOT be buying this game or any other game on the computer until DRM in its current incarnation is done away with.It 's time to remind EA and all the other companies that choose to use this type of programming , that we are legitimate customers and would like to be able to play a game without corporate malware being installed.Thanks everyone out there for finally saying `` enough is enough ''
 The game itself is a fun . quirky little time waster . The fact that your limited to three installs , and having your computer infected by company approved malware is what makes this a one star , and what makes this a product you have to avoid.Securom is known for causing programs to not work anymore , and you can never remove it from your system completely without reformatting.Sooner or later the DRM will be removed for Spore as it was for Bioshock , I would highly suggest waiting until then .
 The DRM will be so awkward during play use , and almost certainly will lock me out after my ongoing & future-certain hardware upgrades that it seems to be forcing me to get a fully functional , fully playable , un-crippled , totally unlocked version that is already available to be pirated off of the net.How is this a good business plan?I read that EA 's future is riding on this.I will be very sorry to see them sink .
 I think there is not much to add . People commonly seem to be sure that DRM is the wrong way . All games can be hacked - so the only people for who the protection makes life harder is for those who purchase games in shop . And I am one of these people .
 No - do n't support DRM products . You rent this game - you do n't buy it . If I buy a product I want to do what I want -LRB- except copying -RRB- . I do n't want to call the distributor if I want to reinstall it on a new computer . Hello ? I 've rights for 60 bucks !
 This game is just boring , the most fun part is the cell stage -LRB- and even more , it has graphics from 2008 , unlike the rest of the game -RRB- and to a lesser degree the creature stage . The rest ... B O R I N G ! The game is to easy whenever you get killed you reborn , just like that , no bad side effects of being killed.And more over , I ca n't give it to my wife because I already created account which is tied to my email address and it is impossible to create another account.I ca n't even sell this game on ebay , because of this ! I hate it and I have to keep it . And more over I can change my computer hardware only 3 times before the game says that it will not run because I have used all of the activations ! It 's ridicules , is this game mine or EAs ? Am I renting it only or buying?Do NOT buy this boring and limited game .
 Thanks EA , you have saved me money that otherwise would 've been yours if you had the slightest realization that there actually are people out there with integrity . I 've never considered getting a cracked version of any software , but I ca n't say I 'm not going to look into it at this point.Maybe the pirates have the right idea ...
 The game just does n't live up to the hype . I was looking forward to playing the game for a very long time , over the course of the semester . But I beat the entire game in about 15 hours . The game had so much potential to be great , but it just got lost somewhere out there.Sad day .
 Spore
 I was very excited to play this game and have been following it for years . I was on my way to purchase it when I was informed on the DRM issue . I 'll just play at my friend 's house or not play at all .
 I was going to buy this game . It 's a shame that the trend of over the top DRM has ruined any chances of me ever buying it . After reading many stories -LRB- not forums , legitimate news sites -RRB- and hearing about problems legitimate purchasers have had , forget it . DRM is ridiculous . It only hurts legitimate customers , not pirates . Want to stop piracy ? Make your game less money . Instead of charging too much and using the extra revenue for DRM programming algarythms , make less revenue and save your money on anti piracy attempts that only hurt those of us who purchased the game . STOP TELLING ME WHAT I CAN DO WITH A PRODUCT I 'VE ALREADY PURCHASED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If I give you the money for it , it 's mine to do with as I wish !!!!!!!!!!!
 Unfortunately , I had already reserved my copy eons in advance , and did n't even know about the DRM BS until I 'd already purchased it . Now , here 's how effective DRM is
 Will Wright has scored countless hits with the Sims and the Sim City series . But this time I believe we have ourselves a flop , akin to Sim Town.What we see in Spore is a lot of games I want to play , but no game I can really play . Every stage in evolution is simply described as a `` mini-game , '' a series of things that I tried to accomplish as fast as I could in order to get to the next , hopefully more exciting , stage . Every level was not played to be enjoyed , rather played to get passed the boring part and get to what was so hyped everywhere I went.When I finally arrived at the ` most fun ' part of the game , the space stage , it only took me about 2 hours until I realized the game was not going to get any better , and whose purpose degenerated into a click fest trying to get to an ending -LRB- which I learned is not really worth it -RRB- . After the countless hours you spend with your species , your babies , you are left in the Space Stage unfulfilled . You come to the realization that any progress you do make is for naught.But , if you can get passed the depressing realization that there really is no progression in this game then Spore is for you.To respond to other reviews , Spore is a simple game , which is why the first 45 minutes have the most value . Other than that , if you were to purchase this game , be ready to beat you head against the wall when you encounter the Grox , and realize that the core of the game is fundamentally flawed .
 I did n't realize this software had DRM when I purchased it . Returned immediately . Way overpriced for a rental .
 After an hour continually restarting as a microscopic plankton or whatever , I just give up , this game is annoying .
 And I 'm not even talking about the stupid DRM stuff that cause a simple installation to last three hours !!!!!! Do n't buy it , the play is WAY too simple especially for a $ 50 game . Also it 's just plain boring .
 Yes I think the game is Fun but the DRM on this game is just evil . Peroid . And EA should not be surprised at the backlash .
 This would be a game I 'd purchase , but with the DRM and limited activations I am boycotting the purchase of the game until these are removed . I highly recommend all other people thinking of buying this game to do the same , it will only encourage EA to continue to add these `` protections '' to other games resulting in more problems for the end user who bought their game .
 The game is fun , it is casual and not very challenging . I have enjoyed it so far but it is very buggy and crashes quite a bit . I have it on 2 computers and both of them have issues with the game crashing.Their is no autosave which is just stupid this day in gaming . If the game crashes and you forgot to save have fun wasting time redoing things.Everyone is complaining about the DRM which I do n't think is too big of an issue for many people , but it is stupid in my opinion . The game was out on bittorrent days before the official release . I could have downloaded it for free but I prefer to pay for my games . I do think it is wrong to essentially punish people who pay for a product . I 've installed the game on my desktop and laptop , and I will be upgrading my mobo and processor in the next month , which will essentially give me my 3rd and final install . If I want to re-install this game in a year to play it I wo n't be allowed to , and it is at that point that I will be forced to download a crack or illegal copy to play a game I payed for.The final issue is the paid content to be released later . I am all for micropayments and buying level packs and upgrades , but Spore feels like it was n't finished and EA will be charging us for elements that should have been in the final release .3 stars for enjoyment .1 star for the DRM the massive amount of bugs and features that feel left out .
 I first heard of this game in a video showing Will Wright doing a walk through at a developer 's conference . Words can not describe how excited I was by the concept of this game . I 've waiting years for its release but now it seems Electronic Arts has dropped the ball , big time .1 -RRB- They have enforced a heavy-handed implementation of DRM which only allows the game to be installed three times and it must connect to the internet to verify your install .2 -RRB- The game has been paired down from its original scope in order to milk players into buying multiple expansion packs.The DRM is a real shame because it only serves to inconvenience the honest . It seems that pirates have been enjoying the game without DRM while honest , paying gamers are suffering with the DRM taking over their system . What good is DRM if the game was pirated before it even was available for purchase?Pre - order canceled . This is unacceptable .
 Ok so far we 've had disabled drives , rootkits , phoning home , and now we 're expected to make a phone call just to install a game ? Wake up you fools who think this stuff up ! Who wants to have to worry about what a game is doing to your computer behind the scenes ? Who wants to have to make phone calls to beg for activation that may or may not be granted?Those saying do n't worry about the drm have no forethought . After some time has gone by and there 's a new computer or a windows reinstall it 's likely there will be no one to answer the call for an extra activation . The call centers will have shut down . Then there will be little choice but to throw this game -- irregardless of it 's gameplay quality -- into the trash .
 the DRM ruins it . I wont be buying it and I 'll be suggesting anyone who is interested not buy it ; and actively make fun of them if they do buy it .
 When SPore was announced , I was so psyched . It seemed to be the ultimate sandbox experience where one could truly let their mind free.Well it sort of delivered . Spore is a handful of disjoint games that are tied together with a creature creator.You start out as a cell , designing your look and skills . This stage plays out much like FL0W . You swim around eating globs until you level up and become bigger . When you get to a certain point BAM you go to the next stage of ... Animal ? You redesign your creature and start living as a wild animal . This was my favorite stage as you can keep making bizarre animals , and befriending new tribes to go on crazier team hunts . This is also the end of fun because ... Next are tribal and civ stages . Both are really boring RTS affairs with little difference on playthroughs . You only get to choose your building style . Clothes , weapons , skills , etc are all pre-chosen . Especially annoying is how you look if you selected a non-normal race.Finally there is space which is something like the games initial promise . Basically you do missions , terraform planets and play god over lesser beings . Its fun but not enough to keep a serious player for more than a few hours.Oh and BTW . You can only install the game 3 times EVER . I made the mistake of installing it on my OSX partition . Saw it ran like crap and installed in XP . Now I have 1 more activation left . Pretty lame considering Pirates get the game with more freedom than someone who purchased it legitimately.Highly reccomend skipping the game until it is in the bargain bin . Its fun , but with the weird gameplay and DRM not worth full price .
 I played Spore on my friend 's computer for about an hour . He told me to keep playing because it would become fun . All I can say is it should have become fun faster . The beginning of the game is so pointless , so slow . I could n't make it to the rest of the game . It 's more like lets play dress up instead of a real game . I do n't even think the creature creator is that good . I get so frustrated trying to create the shape I want or the look I want . Overall , I think it is an interesting topic , but better left to the science books . Sorry Will , not this time .
 Contrary to what the oh-so enlightened reviewer might think . I 'm giving this one star even though that , like many who have posted here , I also purchased the game and actually think it 's fun and breaks the mold as far as recent PC games go.Where does Spore go wrong then ? EA and it 's draconian measures to hurt and damage the paying consumer , that 's where.Frankly , when I purchase a DVD , I do n't expect that it will fail after being played on 3 different DVD players . My music purchased in iTunes still works even though I 've migrated my music to over 3 iterations of iPods and countless computers.So I say this to you EA , get off your lazy tukas and create a less restrictive DRM solution . honestly.For the rest of you , buy the game ... but write Will and EA a similar nastygram so that a future version of your game does n't contain built-in planned obsolescence .
 I would love to give Spore a perfect , 5 star review . However , I have been wronged by Electronic Arts and ca n't suggest that anyone purchase this game . Spore is a great , original product . I love creating creatures , vehicles , and buildings . It is astounding to see the variety of creations ! The randomly generated environments and community created content makes sure that every player has a different experience . The variety in game play prevents the game from getting stale and keeps the user motivated to make progress.I 've heard complaints about the depth of the game play . I do n't know why this effects reviews of Spore and not reviews of games like Grand Theft Auto , which is made by a sum of shallow parts . I think the depth is enough to allow for entertainment , a good helping of strategy , and quick rewards . The space stage is incredibly deep . I 've put quite a few hours in to it and have much to gain and explore . All in all , Spore is everything I wanted it to be and it continues to surprise me.Now I must explain my reasoning for the 1-star review . I am still trying to understand the entire DRM issue . Because of the vast community of `` l33t hax0rz '' and sponging thieves , honest guys like me have to suffer . I am not rich , by any stretch of the imagination -LRB- well , I suppose I am rich in love -RRB- , and I have worked hard to afford my games . When I pay for a console game , I am allowed to play it on any one 's system that I desire and I get to continue playing it for years to come . Now with computer gaming , if I understand correctly , I pay full price for a limited product . There should be a HUGE sticker on the front of Spore that reads `` ONLY 3 INSTALLS INCLUDED '' . Then , there should be a large disclaimer underneath explaining EA 's relationship with their stockholders , the increase in computer gaming theft , how you should make sure that your computer is stable -LRB- when does that ever occur ? -RRB- , and how you should make sure that you are ready to play Spore on one computer for the rest of your life -LRB- or until EA does n't exist or its servers for validating its games do n't exist -RRB- . I admit , I was n't sure how DRM worked when I purchased Spore . So , I want to make sure that everyone knows that you only have 3 installs . Even if you are reinstalling on the same machine , any update in drivers will make this count as one of your 3 installs . I installed the game on my Macbook Pro laptop only to discover that while my specs are high , Spore does n't run all that well on my Macbook . So , I have installed it on my PC . I am down to 1 install . I want to purchase a new PC in the next few months as Spore does n't run super well and I want some of the new games that are coming out . That will be the last time I can install the game without calling EA on their super secret customer service number
 Look , even if this game DID N'T have the securom and install limits which reduce your purchase to a mere rental , the fact is it is n't FUN . I unknowingly installed this on my laptop on day one , excited about all the promises made to me by EA . I thought this would be on the verge of an MMO , with other people to interact with and the ability to create planets , and customize terrain , plants , animals , and the weather . Boy , was I wrong . You get 5 skimpy minigames that could have been put into separate flash web based games . Instead you rent them for 50 bucks ! Absolutely horrible value , and without a doubt the biggest disappointment I have ever had with any purchase , ever . I plan on throwing it out as soon as I 'm done grimacing with disgust at the packaging . EA said one thing and delivered another , and I 'll never forget that . I am not buying any EA games ever again until they remove SecuROM and the limited installs .
 I have to agree with most all of the negative reviews of this game.I can see that back in the day , this game was absolutely amazing , in scale . When I play the game now , it 's absolutely dumbed down to the point that it 's just not fun anymore.It gets rather repetitive and seems the difficulty is n't all that hard.With the hype from magazines , professional reviews and just what I 've seen regarding the game before it released , I was expecting a lot . The release result is absolute not what I expected.When I heard it was going to be dumbed down a bit , I expected some , but now the game just is n't worth playing anymore after a couple weeks .
 I 'm really tired of buying stuff that does n't really belong to me . i have two DVD 's that play the `` Do n't copy/pirate this DVD '' trailer and I have to sit down Every single time trough all the thing . Now I have this game that ... I paid , but I do n't own.To me it 's very simple . If I download the movie , I do n't have to sit trough anything annoying ... and if I download a crack , simply , I do n't have to worry about changing any hardware or machine and losing my game . In other words ... I 'm buying my games and movies and suffering for doing it . It really makes me mad , but this DMR is beyond acceptance ... DO N'T BUY IT .
 Very short summary.I want my money back.There is no actual game here really . The character creator is very well done and cool . Too bad almost nothing you do in the character creator has all that much impact in the game.Very few choices , repetitive and shallow gameplay.I tend to buy 10-20 games a year depending upon how busy I am.This is honestly the least fun I have had of all of those games in the last 10 years or so.They took an interesting idea around their character creator and put the most shallow uninteresting game.I think their marketing department owes the world an apology , there is NO way this game would have sold the number of units it has without the brilliant work of their PR team . If this game had been released without all the hype it would have had a very short shelf life and sold very very few units .
 This game completely fails to deliver on EVERY level . Stupid me went and bought both myself and my nephew a copy of the game , hoping we could somehow play `` together '' but that is just a flat our lie . You ca n't interact with ANYONE in the game who also plays it whatsoever while you 're actually playing the game . You ca n't visit their planet with your UFO , and my nephew and I really hoped we could do that . You ca n't . THere is no real `` evolution '' to your creature . No matter how you build your creature , even if it dies 100 times over , you will still reach the space stage . I have never been so disappointed in a hyped up game in my entire life . This game is just flat out not worth it , not fun , and OVERHYPED . These websites giving it an 8 + or 90 % review are taking kickbacks from EA or Will Wright himself ... And do n't even get me started on this damn DRM garbage . I ca n't even begin to express enough antipathy to ANY gaming company shoving one of these processes up your rear end after you 've already paid them 50 bucks .
 Game design is good , not bad , but it 's not worth the purchase . I bought it before realizing that I can only install it a total of three times over my life of gaming . Now this is absurd . What does a PC gamer do over time ? Answer
 I figured it would be fun for me and perfect for my non hard core gaming wife . Then i heard about the horrid DRM . EA lost a sale , I wo n't pirate it because I do n't believe in pirating games ... but I wo n't buy it ... ever
 I was sooooo excited about this until I found out the DRM protection !! Make it DRM-Free and this game will break records !! Nice job EA , you did it again !!!
 The game starts out well but then just gets boring , the graphics are pretty cool though in the first level . You end up doing the same things over and over again . The most frustrating part I found is in the creator creator , the different changes you make have little affect on the game . If I make a animal with spikes in the front it should be able to defend with those spikes or at least not be attacked from the front , but it does n't really amount to anything which limits the strategy of your decisions . Basically the only thing that matters are what upgrades you find , and it gets boring constantly looking for upgrades . The water level and space levels were the best but even those lacked very much skill . They have a great base but need more content and for the game to be great . I gave it two star mostly for the lack of content and the fact I was so excited to play this game when it was released and was really disapointed . I wo n't go into the DRM issues but I know my friend had his computer blue screen after installing it and playing it , however it 's possible it is unrelated but since he had n't had any issues in the past it makes you wonder .
 This was a long awaited game , and would have worked wonders if not for the DRM protection embedded within . Having had problems with SecuROM in the past , I had hopes EA Games would have reconsidered using this software when protecting their games , since their customers complained so much about it . How wrong was I.Now , it does not matter how fun a game can be , for the casual gamer , or the adult gamer with little time to spare to play , all the fun factor goes down the drain the moment it takes up to 30 minutes or more just to try to make the damn thing work.And why ? simpy because your settings/hardware/connection is not of the liking of this hideous program.This will probably be the last time I buy a game from Electronic Arts . I rather stick with companies like Relic , who chose to treat their customers as such , and not as big time criminals . Also , they produce great titles as Company of Heroes , DRM free .
 I was planning on buying this game with my next paycheck , but no longer will be doing so , thanks to the information provided in these reviews . I have had extremely negative experiences with the DRM in Mass Effect , another game published by EA which also uses SecuROM , and will not be subjecting myself -LRB- and my computer -RRB- to the same experience again .
 It 's really sad -LRB- and remarkably short-sighted and stupid -RRB- that the game 's publisher , Electronic Arts , is directly creating a huge moral hazard
 I wo n't buy any software , much less a game , which makes unauthorized changes to my system . Use noninvasive DRM , and you have my purchase money . Otherwise , I have many other things I can do with my time .
 DRM malware at it 's worst . As so many others have pointed out , with only a 3 install limit -LRB- 4 if you can deal with EA 's customer support -RRB- this is a game you are renting . I have multiple PCS I 'd love to put this game on . I have a lap top and 3 other rigs I want to play this game on , but the truth is I re-format my hard-drives or upgrade them at least once a year.The rootkit installed in instillation is next to impossible to remove and I refuse to knowingly install malware -LRB- hell , pay to install it for that matter -RRB- on my machines.Even for a someone who 's not a power user , odds are you 're going to re-install the game at some point down the line.If EA were to remove the DRM handicap on this game I 'd love to buy it ... It 's too bad , I 've had the pleasure of playing Spore and it 's a great game . Sorry EA , you wo n't get a dollar from me until you re-think your draconian DRM thinking . You 're not protecting your games , you 're hurting them.And the fact that Spore was released on bit-torrents before the game was released without the DRM is proof that for all intense and purposes the DRM was an epic failure.Thanks , but no thanks ... I 'll wait for the console versions or for EA to drop the DRM ... . I 'm not holding my breath for it though .
 I bought this game expecting more of a scientific basis to it . Instead I got a simple `` kids '' game . Very disapointing . The heavy handed DRM just adds to my disapointment . I could have gotten this game for free if I really wanted to . Instead I payed $ 50 and has a legitimate paying customer I get the `` criminal '' treatment .
 This game is fun until you 've played it more than an hour . It is so repetitive that i just stopped playing in the space age because it was so repetitive it seemed more like an errand than a game . I 'm not even going to start on how annoying the limited downloads are . I tried to call into EA to get the extra downloads but i guess the -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks i spent on this game does n't matter to them and i am a thief . And the reason in the first place that i needed more downloads was because this game has so many problems that i had to reinstall it every time i wanted to play .
 I was excited when I got this game . I thought it would be innovative and fun , but it turns out that it 's oversimplified and nothing like I imagined it would be like . The thing is that the description leads you to believe that what you do in previous stages has a huge effect on what will happen later , but this is not really the case . In fact , aside from carrying on the appearance , nothing you do really matters in an evolutionary sense . There is not even a hint of genetics or even science involved . Coming from a background in molecular cell biology , The cellular stage was kind of entertaining , in a whack-a-mole sense , but ultimately disappointing . The thing is that it does n't really get better as you go on . The early creature stage is kind of different , but the tribal and civilization stages seem like a cheap imitation of other RTS games . When I say cheap imitation , I mean the caliber of gaming you would find in a free flash game online . In addition , the space stage was the most disappointing part of the whole game . It was a shallow version of star control with better graphics . The gameplay of the space stage actually seemed more linear and less robust than a game that is over 15 years old . How is this even possible ? The game itself is not very good at all . I think the best part of the game is the creature and building customization . You can make creatures and buildings look however you want , but the appearance has no bearing on the gameplay , which makes me wonder what the point of it is . Basically , on paper , this game would rock , but in reality , it is a failure . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Do n't buy Spore , Crysis Warhead , or any other EA game that includes DRM to copy protect their material . One reviewer had it right when he , or she said that EA is treating all customers as potential criminals by utilizing this draconian method to insure their programs will not be stolen . I do n't know about the rest of you , but I do n't really like being treated as a thief by a huge corporation -LRB- the reversal is more like it -RRB- or the idea of software downloaded to my personal computer that I CAN NOT EVER REMOVE . Nor do I like the 3 time installation limitation built into the game . After which you have to pay more money to install the game if you run past you installation limit . I 'm not a lawyer , but that does n't even sound legal to me and it certainly does n't smack of good business . It really disappoints me that a huge company like EA is so paranoid that it resorts to this kind of heavy handedness when I was looking forward to playing both Spore and especially Crysis Warhead . The honest gamers who make up the majority of your customers , EA , are the people who suffer for the pettiness of the few . Now I wo n't go near these two games and neither should you ! A clear and resounding message needs to be sent to EA that gamers will not be bullied ! The best way we can do this is to simply NOT BUY their contaminated software . It 's a shame that the producers of these games will suffer from lack of sales because of EA 's unwillingness to properly address this issue , but a line must be drawn . Do n't step over it by purchasing this game . Do n't give in !
 Do n't buy this . If you need to re-install it more than a few times -LRB- replacing hard drive or computer -RRB- the DRM will stop it from working . The company will still have your money , but you wo n't have the product you bought .
 What a let down ... . I know several people writing return to sender on their shipments/parcels . I did n't buy Bioshock , Mass Effect , for the same reason ... . Good thing I did n't pre-order . I really wanted to play this game . I hope this goes the same way as starforce . = -LRB- Look at all the sad pandas.Waiting for ever for Will Wright to de-nounce DRM.viva EnrichSee these older 5-star reviews from 2006 -LRB- two years before the game was released -RRB- ? Well , they had a reason to be excited . Spore was supposed to be a revolutionary experience , combining multiple genres while concentrating on evolution and genetics.Fast forward two years and here we have the finished product , ready to be installed on our hard drives.First of all , the game incorporates a draconian DRM system that requires you to activate over the internet , and limits you to a grand total of 3 activations . If you reach that limit , then you 'll have to call EA in order to add one extra activation . That 's not as simple as it sounds , since when you reach that point EA will assume that you , the paying customer , are a filthy pirating thief . You will need to provide proof of purchase , reasons why the limit was reached , etc , etc -LRB- it has all happened before with another recent EA product , Mass Effect -RRB- . EA , of course , is not obligated to grant you that extra activation or even provide that service . In a couple of years they might very well even shut down the general activation servers , because `` it 's not financially feasible '' to keep them running . What you will be left with is a nice , colorful $ 50 coaster . And you will be required to pay for another copy/license if you want to continue playing.This basically means that you are actually RENTING the game , instead of owning it . The game WILL stop to function in the future . That 's inevitable , because even if EA keeps the activation servers going , there IS going to be a time when EA will simply cease to exist because of financial issues or federal laws -LRB- like most business eventually do -RRB- . Second , the game was dumbed down to oblivion . Evolution does n't even matter anymore . You can add as many legs to a creature as you want , but it wo n't be any faster than a one legged creature with higher leg stats . `` Creating '' your creatures is pointless -LRB- cosmetic only , because everything is based on stats -RRB- , and brings you about the same excitement as dressing up a plastic doll .
 The game was boring . First four stages were repetitive . Space stage was frustrating . DRM with 3 installs was unacceptable .
 This game was at the top of my Birthday wish list.But I decided to check some Amazon reviews before a member of my family went out and spent $ 50 on the game.So I sat down and read some reviews , only to have my hopes and dreams shattered -LRB- dramatization -RRB- . This is probably a great game , but they just had to ruin it with the DRM.I hate being treated like a criminal.This is so disappointing ... Thanks for ruining my Birthday EA . : -LRB- I 'll go find another company who will actually treat me like a paying customer and buy a game from them . : P
 I have no complaints about the game play myself . It runs great on my MacBook Pro and so far I 've had fun with it . I knew I 'd love this game from the first time I saw the first demo way back a couple years ago.My concern , and the reason it gets one star -LRB- along with everyone else -RRB- is the DRM on the disc that is not just overdone , but completely unnecessary and is proven to be ineffective.Maxis always has been , and will continue to be , my favorite game studio - but this ham-handed attempt by EA to `` protect their investment '' or whatever makes me * want * to purposely reinstall three times OR just all out break the DRM and patch the game -LRB- which I 'm sure will be done at some point -RRB- even though I 've legitimately purchased the game from this fine establishment.Great job , Maxis ! ... * grumble * ... EA ... * grumble * -LRB- This Review bombing was a great idea , everybody -RRB-
 The DRM required by the game 's publisher prohibits me from buying it , though I have been looking forward to doing exactly that for around two years now . I often upgrade my computer with new hard drives , etc requiring re installation of windows . Spore with the current DRM scheme would only be playable for me for less than a year . I will not pay $ 50 for a game that I can not continue to enjoy .
 The game is good looking as heck and has lots of possibilities for play . What is the problem ? The draconian DRM used in it demands frequent `` phone homes '' . Not only does that disturb me from a privacy standpoint , but more importantly it leaves you open to the whims of the publisher.Yahoo and MSN music sold many thousands -LRB- millions ? -RRB- of songs online . What was the catch ? They were stuffed with DRM . Even though their legitimate customers bought the songs , Yahoo and Microsoft took down their servers for the DRM phone home . The Result ? Next time you try and listen to a song from your collection , they will not be able to phone home and they will no longer play.Buying this game says that you will be able to play it for as long as EA wants you to and not a minute longer.There are many examples of better ways to copy protect things so that publishers protect their IP without being obtrusive . Is EA really trying to protect their revenue or are they doing something else ?
 I love Maxis games , and have purchased quite a few in the far distant past for my various Macs as a kid . As they became a part of EA -LRB- or whatever happened -RRB- , the quality of the mac ports suffered heavily , and DRM reared it 's ugly head.Sorry , EA - if you do n't trust me , I do n't trust you .
 I was looking forward to this game soooo much . After I heard about this game at least 4 years ago and a video of gameplay that Will Wright had done at a convention , I could n't wait to purchase this game . Now , EA has lost my $ 50 , plus a couple other million or so because of their decision to install this harsh DRM . It 's ridiculous , unnecessary , and it 's going to cost them a fortune.When will publishers ever learn , DRM does n't work ! Pirates find work-a-rounds anyway , no matter what you do . There are people who completely devote their lives to cracking your DRM . Learn from your mistakes !!
 I was planning on buying this game , but because of the 3 install limit on the game , I shall not purchase the game . The DRM on Spore is the worst I have seen in a long time . Perhaps EA Games is encouraging piracy ?
 This software is totally unusable on my computer and makes other program that worked fine before suddenly stop working .
 Actually , I think that the DRM IS enough to warrant a 1 on this site . It is a seriously intrusive and insidious piece of malware that should NEVER be included in commercial software . I mean , come on ... that is the kind of stuff you expect to get from shady internet sites , not multi-million dollar corporations.The game itself is wonderful . I love it . I purchased it in spite of the DRM , but I did so knowing that I was throwing away my money . I only bought it because I 'd been waiting YEARS for it to come out . I am hoping that the internet outcry will be enough to get the installation limitations taken off . I for one am constantly upgrading my computer and quite possibly by the end of one year will be out of the 3 installations that EA has so GRACIOUSLY deigned to give us . I am not a pirate , nor will I become one , but this DRM scheme is seriously bad news . I fully enjoy the game and I 'll give it a 1 Star because of the way it is crippled and how it cripples your computer.The 1 Star ratings are for the FULL PACKAGE , not just the gameplay .
 Thank you to everyone who gave the heads up on the DRM issue . I was excited to buy this game , and would have wasted my money on it if the reviewers had n't warned about the serious DRM issues . I hope EA learns there lesson and stops treating their customers like common criminals .
 The prospect of having to contact EA after the third activation is a show-stopper . I want to buy the game , not rent it . I 'll stick with classic SimCity until this is changed .
 defectivebydesign and drm infected ... Now Mac users can share the pain and frustration of PC gamers with this offering by EA . Please do n't buy this product and give your money to a game manufacturer that respects customer 's privacy and Fair Use rights !
 I 'm not going to cover the DRM issues , since that appears to have a ton of coverage here . I 'm more concerned with the game-play and how much of a distraction this is from my daily life.There are five stages to the game . Each individual stage ranges in difficulty from `` so simple my grandma could do it '' to `` you must be kidding if you expect me to win doing that , '' and there 's no consistency in the difficulty between stages.The controls are different between the stages , too . You learn how to use the controls in the first two stages , then you 're given a completely different way to control the environment . To make matters worse , you 're given very little instruction on the changes made to the controls , so you 're left trying to figure out how to control the screen and units in the same way you did in previous stages . What ? Did I miss something?As for the game-play , I enjoyed the first two stages . The tribal stage was a joke that I got through in less than 30 minutes . The planet stage was also a joke . By that point , I figured I had a dud of a game . The space stage is interesting , but the difficulty seems pretty insane.Throughout , I kept getting the references to the Sims . It 's like you 're playing The Sims
 I should have saved the fifty bucks . Being a long-time fan of Sims 1 and Sims 2 , I thought Will Wright could do no wrong , and Spore was hyped as the newest , the greatest , the most fantastic thing to come out of his mind . Bought it , installed it , and then became terrifically bored after about 3 hours of playing , and have not taken it out of its box since.You get to make a creature . You chose carnivorous or herbivorous For the first little while you have a tiny water-dwelling cell-like thing , and IF he can find meteorite parts , you can add features to him . They are not easy to find . Mostly he just swims around eating and avoiding being eaten -LRB- most of the time -RRB- until finally enough time passes to move onto land . Then it 's find parts -LRB- usually around the nests of other creatures which are often aggressive -RRB- , and wander around eating or either making friends or attacking and killing other creatures . Plant eaters are easier , since there are always fruit trees around and you do n't need to kill something in order to eat , but the downside is that they are inclined to not be as tough and , therefore , more likely to be killed.The mating sequence is a rather stupid cutscene that you get tired of after about one play.There are other stages after this , but I have n't bothered to stay awake long enough to advance that far . It 's really not a very good game .
 It 's obvious that Spore is no longer the most wanted game this year . I originally bought Spore for a friend , who incidentally does n't have an internet connection , and was unable to even install the game because of it . Because of this , I gave him another game in exchange for Spore . I should have just refunded him , as Spore tends to be extremely boring , simplistic , and buggy . The reason that mainstream reviewers were unable to put Spore into any particular genre of game is because Spore 's game play is so simple . This simplicity makes Spore feel like a `` Fisher Price
 Ok , I do believe this game was set out to entertain first graders . There is not much behind it but point and click game play which can get very boring very quick . There is not much of anything else to it . A high note is the cosmetic aspects of the game . It looks great and you can get some kicks out of creating some crazy creatures but you can get that thrill from the free creature creator demo . I am soooooooo disappointed in this game , it does n't even come close to its potential . Skip it and spend your money elsewhere unless you need something to entertain your grade schooler for few minutes .
 DRM only hurts paying customers . Do n't buy this unless you think $ 50 for a rental is fair , or enjoy being treated like a criminal . EA , why treat your paying customers like second class citizens ?
 I installed the game . But required internet connection . Had to reinstall windows to correct that . Reinstalled game.Success . But I forgot to update my video drivers . reinstalled everything.Installed again , success ! Wrong windows copy -LRB- I used a disc from my other PC -RRB- . Had to reintall Windows , and reintall Spore . This time no luck.The intro was nice at least ...
 Since other reviewers have already covered the DRM issues with this game , I will focus on the gameplay itself.Many of the creature upgrades are overly simplistic and nonsensical , not taking into account much of the physical features of your creature and instead basing the creature 's abilities on the most powerful part ` equipped ' to it . So although two pairs of clawed arms on your creature should have a higher attack rating than one pair , the game only accounts for the first set of arms and treats the second pair as redundant . The same goes for wings , legs , heads , etc. . The entire dynamic of evolution is thus ruined by a forced formula of linearity that only gives the illusion of choice.The game gushes charm to make it a strong seller , with highly appealing and colorful visuals , but the gameplay is so shallow that only a few play throughs are possible before it becomes clear that the game was made so that you had to buy addons to `` complete '' the game , much like the Sims series . This is made more intensely unavoidable since the game itself is relatively short and is essentially made to be replayed due to create-grow-repeat philosophy of its design , yet the gameplay itself is highly repetitive and can only hold one 's interest the first two or three times around.You may wonder why expansions seem so likely . Here 's an illustrative example . When you are at the creature stage -LRB- i.e. , an individual creature on land -RRB- you are required to accomplish three tasks . The first is to stay alive , which is simple enough since enemies can be easily seen from a distance and even when they do attack escape or defense is not particularly difficult assuming the game 's poor camera does not cause you to misclick . Your second task is to interact with other species , which can be done by befriending or killing them . Again , simple enough and the way in which you do this requires the pushing of the 1 , 2 , or 3 keys upon visual queue of the key 's symbol . Since timing hardly matters , your activity is limited to something that feels like it was designed for preschoolers . Even 7-year olds will grow bored of this in short time and their frustration levels may rise when they realize how many times you will have to repeat this cycle with no alteration in its pattern in order to progress . Think Diablo with only three spells and you begin to see the problem . The other ` spells ' , such as ` advanced ' inter-species interactivity , additional body parts , and kinds of species that can be encountered are almost certainly being withheld for future addons . This includes the inevitable demand for an increase in the complexity of how evolution is handled , since it does not take a genius game designer to note that being ripped apart by four claws is typically more damaging than being ripped apart by two and that having eyes in the front and back of your head should bestow vision that a creature with one eye can not have . These gaping holes will probably be filled with expansions , and if the Sims series is any indication , these expansions will be overpriced and underfurnished , sporting only a small assortment of updates to fix the game you already bought a year ago and additional content that was withheld from the original release . The designer of Spore , Will Wright , made a previous popular game called Sims 2 which was excellent once all of its expansions were released , with arguably a full product and two expansions worth of content intact once all 8 or so retail expansions are installed and your wallet is $ 300 lighter for a $ 60-80 game package . Spore is likely to also become a great game , but only after four or five expansions and the removal of the DRM mentioned by other reviewers . It pains me to wait since I can tell the game has allot of potential and could have been a revolution in our concept of what games are capable of , but I will withhold my purchase until the time when the game is expanded and patched to a initial release like state . At that point I will write the ` true ' review for Spore , keeping in mind its abhorrently high price tag when all the first-aid expansions are released.In summary , Spore is currently selling as a rental of a public beta that you pay $ 50 for . You will then have to spend $ 30-40 around 4 or 5 times to turn the game into a finished product via expansions . I do n't know about you , but I do not like companies treating consumers like fools . And since the American entertainment industry is one of monopoly and supply side economics , treating consumers like fools has been the name of the game for some time now . I believe we owe ourselves and the people of this land a favor by refusing to buy products that depict us as helpless frothing buying machines . Spore is but one such insulting product , yet every purchase withheld of any product of this kind sends a message to their spreadsheets
 I got my game today . It took most of the evening to clean up my pc after loading and then unloading due to the agressive DRM .
 I 've been waiting to play this game since it was first announced but I will not buy it now that I know it 's using Securom DRM and is limited to 3 installs , ever.This means EA knows that this game will be temporary and forgotten in probably less than 2 years . There 's no replay value if it can not be installed as many times as necessary . So basically they 're planning to make money on the hype alone , like a bad Hollywood blockbuster movie that goes off the screens after two weeks . EA obviously does not care about its own product.This is not worth more than $ 5 .
 Spore has a large issue . It has a very restrictive software protection scheme . EA has decided that you only need to install it three times , then you need to talk to them on the phone and copnvince them you 're not really a pirate . How long they 'll support it in this manner is anyone 's guess . Buyer beware , if you purchase this software while this is still in place , you will not be able to play it indefinately . There will come a day when you will no longer be able to install the software you ligitamately purchased , because it will not believe you and EA will have dropped support .
 After reading these reviews AND having had bad experiences with DRM in the past I 'm not going to bother.I think what I 'll now do for gaming is pick up a couple of wii 's to go with my new HDTV 's . At least that way I do n't have to put up with DRM headaches . Those who say DRM was n't a problem , that 's great ! I 've spoken with a few people who are happy . They do exist . Unfortunately it 's not common.My next computer will become a Ubuntu Linux system with Windows games under WINE and native games like UT2004 and RTCW for commercial purchases . Nexuiz , BOS , Warzone 2100 and other 's will be games I 'm moving to . But mainly I 'm switching to console gaming after this -LRB- yes , this was the last straw and I 'm tired of it -RRB- . Sadly I was expecting quite a bit and did n't hear anything about DRM until now . But again after being burned time and time again I 'm done with DRM vendors . Go pedal your wares elsewhere.On and Ubuntu is replacing Vista here . DRM concerns and stability issues -LRB- again -RRB- to name a couple of issues . And yes , I 'm highly skilled with over 20 years experience . I also have several Microsoft certifications including the MSCE so I 'm not speaking from ignorance : - -RRB-
 I quite enjoy the ideas behind Spore , and thought they came together in a moderately good way . It 's an enjoyable game , and I wish to support the developer.However , I can NOT support the DRM and restrictions on use . Spore is a game that I will want to play 3 years from now , and I own multiple computers . I will NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY it at that time , because of the hard limit on installs . This is not acceptable . My solution was to purchase the game , but not install it . Instead , I downloaded a hacked copy . I should not have to do this , and companies need to realize that it 's not worth it . Spore 's DRM serves no purpose , but to irritate and annoy paying , devoted customers .
 Wo n't buy this game with the DRM included . See all other 1 star reviews .
 This is a bad policy . i have a tendency to uninstall a game when i dont feel like playing it and then reinstall it when i do ... This makes that impossible.I will not buy this game until the DRM is removed .
 While I could go into great lengths about the DRM issue with Spore -LRB- especially in my house how the whole family has different computer and we all want to play , but not shell out another $ 50 for our household -RRB- , my issue is n't so much with that.This game could have been a `` great '' or `` legendary '' game if it was just play tested more . The cell stage was fun and the graphics were second to none . However , I feel that once you leave the gene pool , the game progressively goes downhill . The tribe mode is bulky and unyielding and the controls are not what I expected or liked . I 'm sure they could be something I grow into to love , but I wo n't expect something with this much hype and time to create would be this `` piss poor '' . I give this game 1 star , and that 's including the DRM issue . I enjoyed Sim City and liked -LRB- just liked -RRB- The Sims , with no real need to see the more optioned / better looking sequel . Spore , as the next one in line , would honestly have not even crossed my radar if I did n't buy into the hype -LRB- shame on me -RRB- . The $ 50 would have better been used on anything else in retrospect , and consider me anti- EA -LRB- if it was n't for Rockband 2 that is -RRB-
 The only people hurt by EA 's DRM scheme is the honest paying customer . Spore was hacked and on the net for download 5 days before release . So the DRM was pointless , and did nothing to stop those who wanted to obtain this game illegally . The only thing it will do is punish some poor family t hat does not understand the activation scheme .
 The game is mediocre at best , but what kills it is unauthorized DRM software , limitations not listed in the End User License Agreement or on the box , and offers to upsell you to what should have come in the box in the first place.The game installs software which is nigh impossible to remove from your machine.I have already been in contact with a lawyer over the issue , and I ca n't be the only one . Spyware and false advertising - way to go EA ! You have ensured I will never buy another of your products ever again . Here 's hoping you pay through the nose in damages to everyone jilted by this trainwreck of a piece of software .
 I had been looking forward to this game for a really long time , but when I finally got a hold of it , I found out about its terrible DRM . I wish I could return it and get my money back . I do n't want to pay $ 50 to rent a game . Highly * NOT * recommended .
 I was considering buying this game ; but after reading about all the DRM hassles you have to deal with I decided I probably wo n't buy it . I 'll find something better to do with my time .
 This type of mindless casual game is what is killing the gaming industry ... again . Ironically , this time the death is mainly at the hands of its prior savior
 This game was ruined by invasive DRM and a business model that depends upon future add-on releases that could easily push the final price above $ 200 . Do not buy !
 DRM is a show stopper . I doubt this game will work for me after a few years given my habit of new hardware purchases and system snapshots . Like others have said , this game is for rent not sale.The EA Spore DRM is a bit reminiscent of the Sony root kit . It installs software that you definitely do n't want or need . That software can work in superuser space , meaning it can do whatever it wants on your system . And there is no uninstall for it . In other words , by installing Spore , you install a piggy back Big Brother.Please do n't support this product . Great game . Lousy distributor .
 I , too , was excited about Spore until I heard about the DRM . That 's a dealbreaker .
 I 've really been looking forward to this game - Unlike some of the reviews here I have have actually played the game a bit and I can say
 I have been wanting to play Spore , but now I probably never will.I do not steal software -LRB- or media -RRB- , and I do n't buy software that assumes I am a criminal.Remove the DRM and I will pay for Spore .
 Everyone is going off about DRM and wondering if it will kill Spore.No , DRM will not kill Spore.The fact that as a game Spore is boring , has little to no challenge , and the best part of the game was the Spore Creature Creator which you only use for the first part , is what is going to kill Spore.Spore is an interesting concept and may lead to truly fun and interesting games later -LRB- especially if there is a way for users to mod it -RRB- , right now it is basically an engine demo , shiny but ultimately lacking in substance .
 DRM is a massive headache . I tried this game on a friends PC and found it to be very lackluster . No matter what traits you give your character , the `` evolutions '' that take place are essentially the same . I guess that is ok if you are a `` divine plan '' believer , in which case the programmers could be considered a very uncreative diety.In any case you may enjoy this game until you need to reinstall windows after a computer failure or your next PC upgrade , in which case you need to fork over another $ 50 thanks to DRM technology .
 HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.Boring , oversimplified and totally lacking in extended playability.DRM Alert
 I loaded this on my laptop and it was laggy . I reformatted my drive because really everything has been bad on that machine and reinstalled Spore . Still laggy . I loaded it on my desktop and it played fine . My son brought his laptop over to see if it was the laptop or the game but when he went to install it it said I had already used my three copies . I was not happy . I would not have bought the game had I known .
 Game idea is greatExecution is mediocreDRM & necessity of online activation , etc ruins it -LRB- and causes my Vista computer to crash incessantly -RRB- .
 This game is great but EA makes it totally worthless with their DRM that does n't let more than one person really play the game .
 Why a game maker would add DRM to a game is beyond me . I 'd love to play this game but refuse to spend money on something that limits how I can use it . If EA continues like this they will quickly find their profits falling .
 The DRM embedded into Spore is simply an insult to the gaming community at large . Obviously , the game has a massive pirating problem . But when that pirating problem is cause by a highly restrictive digital rights management program embedded into the game in an attempt to sad attempt to stop piracy , is where you draw the line.EA , simply put , does not understand why games are pirated in the first place . They would rather break the game for legitimate buyers than ask the pirates why they do what they do . An insult . An insult the gaming community will not stand for .
 Thanks for the DRM . I have 2 computers I want to install this on . Say I need to reformat either one . Then I 'm out of a game I dropped 60 dollars on . Bullocks!WORSE!I do n't have the internet . This requires you to activate over the internet . I 'm posting from work right now -- So , what happened ? Well , I have to bring my entire pc and laptop OVER TO A FRIENDS HOUSE in order to activate this lousy DRM equipped game . I 'm sorry that I 'm struggling on the bills and ca n't afford 80 dollars a month for DSL ! I just use the internet at work ! I do n't want it at home!EA 's DRM is a scam !
 installs a program which is essentially spyware on your computer and removes admin rights to delete . Only 3 activations means you ca n't change your hardware down the road or you will not be able to play at all . I will never buy something that punishes legit buyers . EA - will you never learn ? Now they plan to use the same form of DRM in Crysis warhead and Command and Conquer games coming out.Boycott EA and their spyware !
 Will take over and infect a portion of your PC . Ca n't really be taken away . Watch out .
 Against my better judgment , I decided to give Maxis the benefit of the doubt and bought Spore yesterday . I spent 6 hours playing it -LRB- including installing the game and upgrading my video drivers -RRB- . I made it to stage 3 -LRB- tribes -RRB- in less than six hours -LRB- normal level -RRB- with hardly any real challenge . In fact the most challenging stage so far was the first stage -LRB- cell -RRB- . I appreciate being able to create any creature I want , but the game play just is n't engrossing enough so far . If this is an evolution simulator , it 's progressing way too fast . I remember the first time I played the original Sims . It blew my mind . Now that was a revolution in both content and in game-play ! I 'm seriously considering returning Spore and getting my $ 50 back . But , I think Spore suffers from the same problem that killed SimCity Societies -LRB- which I did not buy because it was not challenging enough -RRB- . In closing , I think the folks at Maxis are talented and very innovative in their approach to gaming . However , I think EA is killing everything that made Maxis games so great in the past . Besides all the DRM issues and after the disappointment of SimCity Societies , Spore , and the last 3 Sims2 expansion packs , I have little hope that The Sims 3 will be a good game .
 I Will not purchase because of DRM , I want to buy the game not `` rent it '' because of DRM - VERY BAD !!!!
 I will not buy another EA game until EA stops including SecuROM 7.x DRM in its latest games . The following excerpt from Stardock 's Customer Report 2008 sums it up for me . Stardock recently released Galactic Civilizations II and Sins of a Solar Empire . I wish the entire gaming industry would start to follow Stardock 's lead.Stardock 's Policy on DRM `` Digital Rights Management is one of the most misunderstood concepts in the industry . DRM has become a catch-phrase for basically any type of copy protection . Stardock 's position is n't anti-DRM or anti-copy protection but rather anti-stupid-DRM and anti-stupid-copy protection.Broadly speaking , Stardock 's position is that companies/individuals have every right to protect their intellectual property any way they want . However , we feel the most effective way to increase sales is to protect IP in a way that does n't seem to punish legitimate customers.Stardock 's software and games do n't require users to keep their CDs in the drive for instance . That only punishes legitimate customers . It 's annoying to keep track of a CD and a pirate certainly does n't have to worry about that since they 're running a cracked version . So you actually end up better off if you 're a pirate.Similarly , DRM that has arbitrary activation limits for the lifetime of a product are counter-productive . A pirate does n't have to worry about such limitations because they 're running a cracked version . Yet the legitimate customer is stuck in the situation where they ca n't use a game or program because , a year later , they 've bought a new PC and run out of activations . That 's madness . ''
 The game 's creature creator is fun ; no doubt about it -LRB- that 's why I gave it a 3 star `` fun '' rating -RRB- . But there just is n't much of a game there . Other reviewers have said the same thing in greater depth so I wo n't bother repeating it . Simply put , the game was dumbed-down and compromised from its original design -LRB- probably so they could milk us for more money by selling Expansion Packs -RRB- . So much potential wasted ; sad.But my real complaint and the reason I 'm recommending NOT buying this game is due to SecuROM -LRB- which is why I gave it a 1 star rating ; I would have given it zero stars if Amazon 's ranking system would have allowed it -RRB- . SecuROM is a program that is part of Electronic Art 's -LRB- the game 's publisher -RRB- DRM -LRB- digital rights management -RRB- solution for SPORE . It authenticates the game when you 're connected to the SPORE server and allows you to play the game without having the DVD in the drive . Sounds innocent enough , right ? Unfortunately , it goes beyond that.SecuROM is not listed in the EULA -LRB- End User License Agreement -RRB- that you must accept prior to installing SPORE . That means SecuROM is being installed on your computer without your knowledge or consent -LRB- which is illegal , by the way -RRB- . Secondly , even if you uninstall SPORE , SecuROM does NOT get uninstalled . It installs itself to ring 0 of the kernel of the Windows OS -LRB- instead of the more typical ring 3 -RRB- . Though SecuROM can be unistalled , it requires downloading 2 additional utilities to accomplish this and requires editing your registry -LRB- hoops the average computer user would rather not be bothered having to jump through -RRB- . Lastly , SecuROM has been known to cause problems from something as mild as a little slowdown of your computer all the way up to a complete freeze of your computer such that you ca n't even get it to boot up anymore.So , unless you like having software installed on your computer without your knowledge or consent that is difficult to uninstall and carries the risk of causing serious problems with your computer , do NOT buy SPORE.To add further weight to this argument , there are class action lawsuits being brought against EA games over SecuROM . Buyer beware .
 I bought this game the day it was released , expecting a fun , challenging , and invigorating adventure . I was mistaken . The first time around , this game is fun , but after that it 's just not worth playing anymore , it gets really boring , really fast . Despite what other reviews may say , in my opinion , this game almost completely lacks replay value . Aside from using and seeing different creatures , the game plays out exactly the same , every time.Not only that , but the stages are too quick , simple , and leave no room to try something different . I completed the tribal phase and the civilization phase in less that an hour ... total , this is more of a demo for multiple games rather than one whole experience.While the creature creator is an incredible work of art and a feat of customization that has yet to be matched , the use of these creatures is greatly hindered by the narrow scope of the game.The only phase that has any depth , the Space Phase , lacks instruction and will leave any player confused . Even on the games easiest difficulty it can prove complicated and challenging , and it , like the games other phases , leaves a lot to be desired.I really wanted to like this game , but i can not . It is too simple & too repetitive , and not worth the $ 50 EA is charging for it . While I do believe Spore did open a door to a new and exciting genre of games , It itself is more of a proof of concept for what 's to come , rather than a complete game.PS
 You can click on my profile and see that this game has been on my `` Wishlist '' here on Amazon since June 8 , 2006 . It will be easy for you to find because it is the only computer/video game I have ever wanted to purchase.But then Electronic Arts had to go and insult me by pre-loading it with DRM -- and a virus that seeks to install itself on my computer . To me , this indicates an absolute disregard for me , the customer who would have paid , because everyone knows you can go out and find a hacked DRM-Free version online . I 'm passive-aggressive like that -- accuse me of cheating when I have n't cheated , and I no longer have anything to lose.So the ONE game that I ever thought was cool enough in concept to pony-up the money for and try to learn to play , will not be getting any of my filthy American lucre , all because EA preemptively decided that I was a criminal .
 I preordered this on Amazon AGES ago , but when I heard about the Galactic Edition , I decided to get that instead . When I heard about the DRM , I decided to wait and hold off . I played my friend 's copy all day Sunday , and really liked it ! It 's a lot simpler than the original lofty expectations , but you know what ? That 's okay . It 's a pretty revolutionary game , and there was a lot to figure out . Spore 2 will be that much better.Too bad I wo n't actually be buying it . I 'm not getting anything with that aggresive DRM and rootkit crap . Sorry EA!NOTE
 I 've been looking forward to this game ever since I heard about it and have been following its development as closely as possible . Then I learned that Spore was going to employ hideously draconian DRM . While it put me off , I decided that I was still going to get it . After all , I 'm not a pirate , what do I have to worry about?Then I got the Spore Creature Creator and the game would crash after the splash screens . I tried EVERYTHING I could think of to get it to work , including downloading an updated . dll file that would supposedly make the EA Downloader work properly . Nothing . Then a friend told me to uninstall Alchol 120 % -LRB- CD Burning & Backup Software -RRB- . I did and bingo , the game ran fine.This is why I 'm not going to buy the game . I am not going to go without an utility that has served me well just because EA/Maxis is afraid that I will use it to pirate their game . I am not a pirate , so do n't treat me like one .
 Do n't buy any products that have DRM . It 's time to end this customer-abusive practice .
 SporeI have 3 computers in my home and I waited many years for this game only to be let down by the awful DRM , the game itself is great , but the restrictions are insane . . you will only be able to fully use spore on one machine , , , yep , you better hope you do n't need to change your OS or buy a new pc , no multiple accounts with online access allowed here , what 's even worst is the manual clearly states being able to create multiple accounts up to 3 . It seems like EA is out to ruin another great game with their crappy DRM restrictions , I advise to not buy spore until they address the public with a fix , this is false advertising , if you create another account you will be given misleading errors like your key is invalid and such , you have been warned .
 My son saved his money and bought this game only to be told that he needed a new video card for this game -- more $ $ $ . He was so sad that he spent his money on this game . My husband 's co-worker later told us that he had the same problem and that the game still did not work after he bought a new video card . This person was told that he could not return an opened game !! My son is afraid to sink more money into the game by buying a new video card with the possibility of the game still not working .
 Boringggg ... tedious , and dont ever buy anything with such DRACONIAN DRM as this.Our family is moving away completely from any products with DRM of any sort . IF they presuppose us to be criminals , then we must act like one . We urge downloading p2p for any product with DRM.But we urge all to BUY any product without DRM .
 We 've already seen people lose access to things they 've purchased because the DRM authentication servers go offline . Combined with a malware installation which can screw with legitimate computer usage , this game is one to stay away from .
 Just discovered you can not sell or give the game away without paying EA of giving away the Password to your account . __________ Here is wahat EA said ... Hi there , Thank you for contacting Electronic Arts.Unfortunately the Registration code/Serial number/CD Key can only be used to create one account . Since the previous owner of the game has previously created an account using the Registration code/Serial number/CD Key , you can not use it again to create a new account . Also , the account registered once can not be unregistered . You will need to login to the game using the same account name and password with which the previous owner registered the game.However if you wish you can purchase a new Registration code/Serial number/CD from our warranty department , please mail our Warranty department the following information : - The -LSB- Proof of Purchase -RSB- page from the manual , or if that is not available the game disk.Note
 EA addressed DRM issues , you can see the article in the AP or herehttp : / / news.yahoo.com/s/zd/20080918/tc_zd/232182;_ylt=AmPi5.OToGx_P7tDqFTTjTwjtBAFFirst of all EA , This is not good enough . Anyone with half a brain could figure out that you would make spore unlimited installs after X amount of years when it is no longer finically applicable to run the servers that run the authentication of ownership . That is not my problem with this game . My problem is SecuRom . Yes it might not have `` no viruses , no spyware , and no malware '' as you say . But the end result of installing SecuRom on a computer can be affects that resemble a virus.I want to ask you EA , Why would I buy a game that puts a program on my computer that has the potential to negatively affect the normal operating activities of my computer?I want to play this game . I would have no problem buying this game at full price if I knew for certain that it would not harm my computer . If EA ever produces a copy of spore without SecuRom ; I would be first in line to get it .
 Highly anticipated , but nothing but problems installing on my gaming rig . Seems like some kind of DVD drive incompatibility . Waste of time .
 I am thirty two year old professional and I just convinced my wife that this game might be a lot of fun to play with our kid and start to teach him something educational with out as much violence . Then I found out about the DRM licensing . Bummer . Sorry EA , we would all want to play our own characters and our own worlds and I am not about to shell out $ 150 for three different licenses that will be expired by the time I update hardware and to the next OS that Apple comes out with . It is not because I ca n't afford it , I can , it is the principle of the matter . It is the same reason I do n't purchase music through iTunes . If I buy a cd then I can play it anywhere , anytime , on anything , it is mine . I feel the same way about games . I will see you when you fix it .
 DRM is one thing , installing rootkits is another . I 'm boycotting this game till they remove the SecuROM which is basically malware . Gets 1 star until they fix this .
 If you like renting games from EA , then this is the game for you !
 The game is mediocre at best and if you `` buy '' it , just remember that you are n't really buying it as one would think . You are merely renting it for as long as EA is willing to let you play it . The moment they turn off their activation servers , you 're play-time is over . That is assuming of course that you have the REQUIRED internet connection to begin with because without an internet connection the game will NOT work at all.While it is true that they `` may '' provide you with additional activations if you exceed your allotted 3 , what has n't been mentioned by EA is that if you exceed your 3 activations limit and do decide to contact EA to try and get them to give you another activation , be prepared to pay for it . They charge about $ 2.50 per minute when you call them for this and will put you on hold for several minutes . Expect to pay upwards of $ 10 or more each time for the privilege to play the game again after the first 3 times you install it or make ANY changes to your computer.If you do n't mind paying $ 50 for a mediocre game RENTAL that lasts only as long as they decide to let you play , then this game is for you . Myself , I refuse to pay $ 50 to RENT a game for an undisclosed amount of time at their whim.Oh and one more thing . You ca n't resell this game to someone else after you are done playing it either . The EULA prohibits resale and the DRM prevents it anyway through the activation scheme . That is it 's real purpose , not to stop piracy as they claim . It is meant to stop legitimate purchasers from exercising their legal `` First Sale doctrine '' rights to resell an item they legally purchased and no longer desire . You can find more information on your First Sale rights here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine
 With the DRM -LRB- Digital Restrictions Management -RRB- in this game , you are only renting it.You can see other examples of content like this stop working in the future . Yahoo 's music service , Microsoft 's prior music server , where when they turn off their authentication servers you no longer have access to your content.Stay away !
 I was really looking forward to this game , preorderd it , went to lunch with my gf and came home with it looking forward to play .30 minutes later , the frustration of trying to get my system to allow Spore to authenticate me had dampened my joy a bit.I ended up having to hack my network settings to allow spore to contact the mother ship.The game is fun , but I 'm going to have to find some pirated version to get the `` real '' game , I 'm planning on building a new computer in a week , not looking forward to trying to get the `` retail '' game working on my system again . EA , take a look around at some of the other developers , DRM only discourages people from buying your intentionally broken game . How come small developers can make money with DRM-free games but you ca n't ?
 Were this advertised as a game-rental for some number of years , I would be ok with that . I was ready to * buy * a brand new computer capaible of playing spore . But with the DRM as-advertised ? Nope . I 'm not willing to do it.I suppose my rating has less value because I have n't yet played the game . But frankly , EA 's draconian measures are keeping me from doing so.EA
 First of all , this game promised soooo much . Now I know all games do , its called marketing . And yes , you can create really cute little creatures , and spaceships and such . But a whole new gaming experience ? No , sorry its just a cute little game.Now , for the real problem . The one everybody is up in arms about -LRB- and it is a big one -RRB- . You can only install this game 3 times . If your like me , and reinstall your OS , or major hardware upgrades , well you have a problem . You are going to have to reinstall , and there goes one of your allotments . Also you MUST connect to internet . Not good.Im sure the developers didnt ask for this , but its what it is . And they want 49 bucks , the final insult .
 I was going to buy this game until I found out about the DRM activation requirement . Bad , EA . BAD !!! Now I definitely wo n't be buying this .
 Like many I was greatly anticipating this game release , but I have no intention of RENTING this game . PC games without a monthly subscription should never have limits on play ability . Three activations is a joke and if EA does not get back in touch with their customer base , then I hope this negative response hits their profits . Maybe then they will pull their head out of their arse and realize the poor choices they have made .
 I 'm sorry , but if I 'm spending that much money on a piece of software , I need to be able to install it more than 3 times ever . And what happens when EA takes the authentication servers down ? Nobody can play the game they bought ever again ! Yay ! : -LRB-
 LOTTA BS ABOUT THIS JUST BEING A PIRATE ISSUE . I BOUGHT A COPY AT TOYS R US ALONG WITH THE HINTS MANUAL -LRB- MY FIRST PC GAME PURCHASE IN OVER 5 YEARS -RRB- , THEN I READ ABOUT DRM AND PEOPLE REFORMATTING DRIVES TO TRY AND REMOVE IT . NO THANK YOU - IT WILL SIT IN THE PLASTIC AND BE A REMINDER TO ME NOT TO PURCHASE EA GAMES FOR MY VIDEO OR PC SYSTEMS EVER AGAIN . THE COST AND AGGRAVATION IN REFORMATTING A DRIVE FAR OUTWEIGHS AND COMPLETELY REMOVES ANY PLEASURE I MAY HAVE ENJOYED FROM PLAYING THE GAME . DO NOT EVER SETTLE FOR LESS THAN WHAT YOU PURCHASED , THE COVER OF MY GAME DID NOT SAY LIMITED INSTALLS , DID YOURS ? PAY ATTENTION ...
 Spore had so much potential and i was going to buy it till i learned you could only install it 3 times . 3 times just does n't work for me since every year i need to re-image my computer do to beta software screwing up or other issues . Besides this if i can only install 3 times it seems to be we are forced to pay 50 bucks for rent on a game . I dont know about you but renting something that used to be mine after spending 50 bucks just seems wrong and stupid . so because of the stupid stupid drm i 'm giving this truly fun game a 1 and saying its not worth the 50 dollars .
 This game is fun for about two hours ... Plus it crashes all the time and is virtually unplayable.Not to mention the horrible DRM ...
 The anticipation level for Spore was off the charts . The initial demos at Game Developers ' Conference -LRB- GDC -RRB- 2005 and GDC 2006 were extremely exciting . However , as time passed , and the production dragged on , it became clearer and clearer that the game was changing , and not for the better . It was being simplified and dumbed down . Despite all the warning signs , I bought Spore on the day it came out . I could n't help it . I still hoped it would be at least somewhat as deep as it looked initially . Sadly , though , it was not . The first stage of the game was fun for what it was , but each successive stage became more and more boring , as you realized the gameplay options for each stage was profoundly limited , with each being a watered-down version of another game type.The space stage looked to finally open things up , but it was incredibly frustrating , with endless pirate attacks , environmental disasters , and wars preventing you from actually exploring the universe , and the fact that you only got to control one lousy space ship to do all your work , making it quite inefficient as an empire-building game . They put out a patch which partially fixed the problems , but it was just a little bandage , compared to the generally lameness of it all.I was really disappointed that you could n't affect the attributes of your creature , such as attack power and speed , through your actual design , but instead had to keep upgrading individual parts , especially since in order to complete the creature stage , you needed to be near the top in some categories . This meant that a lot of your creatures ended up looking the same by the end of that stage . It took away a huge chunk of the possible creatively . It 's pretty clear that what happened was that Will Wright came up with an amazing idea , but then passed it off to others who did n't have the same vision that he did . The fact is that some of his best ideas , like procedurally generated actions , physics actually factoring into creature design , and a much deeper conceptual basis for the game were cast aside in favor of attempting to turn it into another family-friendly game a la The Sims.The only good thing that came out of the experience of buying this game for me was that I learned to no longer give into the hype for new games . Thanks to this , I 've avoided buying numerous sequels , such as The Sims 3 , Starcraft 2 , Modern Warfare 2 , and Mass Effect 2 . I still have plenty of games to play , but I have n't had that depressing feeling of disappointment again since I bought this .
 Somehow , we ended up with a copy of Spore from -- no , we 're not making this up -- Ireland . The documentation was all full of references to VAT taxes , Euros , etc. . There was even a number to call if we did n't need the international number , because we were * inside * Ireland.So , our return had nothing to do with the game , which my 12 year old loves . It has to do with the vendor who picked up a batch of cheap disks from someplace
 The premise for the game is very good . Too bad it 's so darn buggy . I can ' recommend this to any Mac user . The current version wo n't advance to the next level . The application just quits . You lose all your settings and have to start all over again .
 As an avid gamer of the original sims and sims2 I was really excited when Will announced he was making a new game ... spore . Finally a unique game all about creatures , I love fantasy more then realism so to me spore should of been right up my gaming style . The day it came out I bought it , even while knowing other issues -LRB- DRM -RRB- . When I first sat down and played it I was amazed by the detail in the cell stage . The graphics are very nice , and cell stage is my favorite stage by far.As a peaceful creature I found creature stage to be a bit boring . After a while you just need the same things , after making 54 friends I knew it was time to move on already . The tribal stage was not any different from creature , just had to give a gift , then play music to make more allies . I was kind of glad how fast tribal went , I really wanted less of the same , but civ . stage did not deliver it.Civ stage simply gave me more things to create , over and over and over . Until I the creativeness part of the game , which I love creating items , began to ware thin on me . The textures were nice , the colors lovely , the shapes fun ... but one can only build so many times before wanting to move on.Move on I did , into space stage I went looking to still stay peaceful . Nearly impossible to do , because apparently all the neighbors are hostile , pirates wish to attack every 5mins or so , and even when I got allies they soon turned against me for not settling an argument , -LRB- too busy defending against pirates ! -RRB- Worst part is they seemed to forget the basics of having allies in a group with you in this stage . You could shoot/beam your own allies while they were in your group , which you needed them because you only get one ship.Now with said game play I would of given it a 21/2 star rating . I 'm pretty sure EA took out a lot of features in the game -LRB- more cell parts , verbs , water stage , etc. -RRB- so they could charge $ 30 for an expansion pack every six months , similar to sims . As it is now I have beat the game , there is n't any re-playability as I have done everything to the point of boredom on my first game.Unfortunately , they did also put in DRM . Yes I need to talk about this issue as well , despite the fact that I did buy the game -LRB- expecting to have the `` wow '' reaction as I did with the original sims -RRB- this is an important issue . PC games are already loosing a battle with console games , I 've been playing PC games since I was six though and I 'm hooked . DRM is not stopping piracy . It is in fact influencing more people to pirate pc games , which is a huge shame on EA 's part . Right now DRM is simply stopping users from being able to re-sell pc games , and also making families who want to have separate accounts buy each member a game as well as a computer to play it on .
 This game aims to deliver the experience of starting from a single spore and ending up as the leader of a vast universe . Unfortunately , this game sacrifices depth in order to provide this massive scale.Fans of strategy games like Command and Conquer or Civilization wo n't be impressed by Spore 's Civilization stage , which features a grand total of three different vehicles , four different buildings , and no tech tree.The worst oversight of the game is the Space stage . You are given tons of weapon and engine options with which to design your ship , but none of it matters . The game only allows you to use weapons and engines that you unlock and buy , and the options you get to buy are limited to three or four items.Overall , the game feels as if Will Wright developed a very good 3-D modeling system and decided to create a game around it . Building creatures , vehicles , and structures is very fun and easy . However , the things you create do n't affect the game that much .
 I purchased the game and loaded it on my computer and played it for 3 days strait ... the game itself is awesome . I still play it . The only reason I rate it so low is because EA is punking out with the whole DRM shenanigans
 The concept is breathtaking . Create your own critter and take him from single-celled life to galactic civilization . Along the way you can tweak nearly any aspect of his existence and see how he interacts with his world and with -- and here 's the huge selling point -- critters designed by other players . Will your creature be the fittest who survives ? Or will evolution leave him behind?If Spore lived up to this marketing line , it would potentially be one of the greatest sandbox games ever . But Spore does not , and it is n't . Make no mistake . The Creature editor and Technology editors are fantastic . Want to create an animal with six arms ? Done ! Want him to live in a house that 's made of stacked triangles ? Done ! Want him to drive around in a car that combines huge tailfins with tiny little headlights ? Done ! The editors offer a wide variety of shapes , all of which can be twisted , expanded , contracted , or smooshed together . But once you leave the editors behind and actually play , the game is almost pedestrian.Cell and Animal stages , for example , are basically a series of hunt , fetch , and kill -LRB- or befriend -RRB- situations . You wander around primordial soup -LRB- Cell stage -RRB- or a primitive landmass -LRB- Creature -RRB- collecting new items to add to your creature , whether those items are new horns , poison spittle , a new mouth , or a set of feet . When you meet other creatures , you can either impress them -- making an ally -- or you can hunt them to extinction . It 's fun for a while , but by the time you 're dancing with your 10th set of competing creatures , it gets old . Really old.That repetitiveness is also a problem when you get to Tribal and Civilization stages . In each , you 're tasked with uniting either tribes or civilizations through conquests or alliances . And like the Creature phase , it gets old and quickly . How many times can you play horn and maraca concerts to impress your neighbors before it gets old ? How many times can you send your `` religious '' land vehicles -LRB- ?? -RRB- to heckle your neighbors before you get tired of it?Galactic stage only intensifies these problems . You can theoretically explore a galaxy , form alliances , colonize other planets , and terraform through lifeform droppage and similar acts . But ... every planet has the same basic requirements to become `` ideal . '' And forming alliances is largely a matter of various fetch-style quests until your neighbor is impressed with you . Like the previous phases , this becomes predictable rather quickly.Now , back to the editors
 The spore experience is kind of ... . Neat ... But most of the extras really do n't do all that much . The parts of the games where the type of creature only takes like 5 or 6 hours of game play . Most of the challenges to get to the space stage are seriously easy and do n't take much effort .
 I recently installed the Sims on my sister 's computer , after letting it sit on my dusty shelf for a few years . She 's not much of a gamer . And she really enjoyed it.But I wonder -- if the Sims had to call EA just so the game would work , would that have been possible ? Would I still be able to prove that I was the legal owner of this game ? I bought that game FIVE years ago ! I would n't keep the receipt ! I probably would have even written the CD-KEY in sharpee on the CD itself!I refuse to pay for Spore , because in 5 years , we do n't know where EA will be . EA , you 're not getting my money .
 If you want to rent a game , go to Blockbuster . If you want to own a game , do not purchase this product . Spore is an ambitious project which is buried under a layer of draconian DRM . EA does not have the right to stare into your computer and decide if they wish to install a game .
 If I had reviewed this game a couple years ago , it would have gotten 5 stars . It promised a lot of really creative things , a unique and interactive world full of shared user-generated content and a game engine that would automatically render whatever sort of creature you created . Even more , it promised a series of FIVE sepparate sub-genre games in one , from flOw to Civilization and beyond . It all sounded amazing.If I had reviewed this game a couple of months ago , it would have gotten 4 stars . I played around with the Creature Creator and was rather disappointed . The creation tools were n't as intuitive as I would have liked . The selection of parts to use on your creature seemed limited . There was no support for avian or aquatic creatures . And the decoration of creatures was lacvking , too ; it 's all color templates and overlays . There 's no real distinction between a reptile and a feline . And there 's no way to get anything that looks terribly realistic , nothing that looks like a cat or a dog or a person . And the rendering of the creatures was lack-luster . There were clipping issues and the way it chose to render walking animations often seemed clumbsy and awkward.A couple days ago I got the game and played it and , if rated soley on gameplay , it would have gotten a 3 , but only barely . The sub-genre games seem rushed and half-cocked . Before I could even get used to my creature , it was ready to move on to the next stage of evelution , or the next level of the game , or the next sub-genre . And there 's no reason to ever use anything interesting , the only benefit in terms of the game is to use each individual piece that has the highest stats . There 's no incentive to be creative , no concept of composition . The stages of the game are too short , you 're never competitive with the other creatures in your world -LRB- always much stronger or much weaker -RRB- , and once the game decides you 're ready to advance , there 's no reason or reward for you to continue playing that stage . Once the game decides you 're done with the cell stage , for example , you 're done and earn no further rewards for continued play . In later stages , interaction from other creatures is VERY limited . The game AI is almost non-existant . There are no wandering herds , no stalking predators , nothing that you do n't initiate yourself . Even the tribe and civilization sub-genres are weak , and there 's a LONG line of previous work on those sorts of RTS and turn-based games . It was wholly disappointing.But I ca n't rate the game without consideration for the DRM . If it was just standard `` copy protection '' or mild DRM , it would have gotten 2 stars . That stuff 's annoying , it does n't offer any added value to me , the consumer , and it wo n't stop unauthorized copying.But EA chose to use SecuROM , and that is more than enough reason to rate this game , as a whole , at 1 star . Even aside from phoning home and enforcing installation limits , SecuROM behaves in an incredibly unacceptible way -- in practice it is malware , a rootkit with a pretty face and a legitimate name . It installs without notice and persists even if the game is unintalled . It uses underhanded tricks to make it VERY difficult to remove without very specific tools and an understanding of the registry . It accesses priviledged root-level commands and sends back undisclosed information about my system . Any other program that behaved this way would be termed a virus , and I an insulted that EA believes this is necessary . IT DOES NOT STOP PIRACY , it only punishes legitimate customers.So , that 's it . I 'm terribly , terribly disappointed . EA took a disgustingly long time to deliver a product that failed to meet any of their promises , and further cripled the product I purchaced with invasive DRM and limited utility .
 Bought the game at release from direct to drive . installed and tried to play . was creating a creature and just when I tried to add legs to it the game crashed . try again and game crashed . tried again and crashed again . ignore creature creation and went to new game . get to the part where you pick to be a carnivore or herbivore and game locks up computer so tight I can not even ctrl + alt + del out of it . have to reboot system . do this a few more times with the same results each time.Look for help on line but EA has nothing to say . I am told that reinstalling may fix the CRC data cab corruption error but I can only reinstall the game three times.All in all a completely horrid experience and one that will make me seriously reconsider and future EA game purchases.Jim
 The game is not what was promised -LRB- which is not really a surprise -RRB- and the DRM implementation flies in the face of fair use .
 Let me start out by saying SPORE is a good game . Having played the first three stages so far , I am pleased with the end result - the helpful and intuitive interface guides you effortlessly through the evolving and building stages , and the capability for infinitely customizable creations makes this a very powerful tool.However , as many reviewers before me have pointed out , the game 's Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- severely hampers its enjoyment . Both my wife and I were very much looking forward to this game , and I installed it with the included CD-key and registered with my Spore/EA account -LRB- which I had created when Spore Creature Creator was released -RRB- . After playing for a while , I had to go to work and my wife sat down to play it ... on the same computer , with the same CD-key , but with HER Spore/EA account -LRB- which she also made with SCC -RRB- . Spore Creature Creator allowed several people to create Spore/EA accounts and use them to create their own individual creatures and share them with the Spore community . Imagine our surprise when the program came back with an error saying that only ONE Spore/EA account may be linked with a single Spore installation . This is in direction contradiction to the manual where it states that `` You may have multiple Spore accounts for each installation of the game . -LRB- p. 52 -RRB- `` If you are planning on playing this game by yourself and not sharing it with anyone else in your household -LRB- which is not likely since this is being marketed to the Sims/SimCity audience , which includes a large percentage of families -RRB- , then this is a good game for you - just do n't try to reinstall it on your home computer more than 3 times . However , if you are planning to get this so you and your significant other -LRB- or roommate or child ... or parent -RRB- can each have their own creations and have their own Spore accounts to share them with the rest of the community , you will want to wait until EA addresses this moronic DRM issue . -LRB- Oddly enough , DRM-free versions of this game are available on warez/torrent sites - meaning that the DRM did absolutely NOTHING to stop piracy and is only deterring legitimate buyers from using the game in the manner they ought to be able to use it . -RRB-
 Been playing Spore all day . The game is fun as hell and offers an interesting perspective of creation vs evolution . Characters created can vary from being cute lil fuzzy dudes you 'd find on a saturday morning cartoon to monstrosities that put the Creatures in `` The Mist '' to shame . It 's a shame that you ca n't actually OWN this game . It 's one hell of an expensive rental and that 's it . You 're going to spend around $ 50 for a game that you do n't even own . I ca n't , in good conscience recommend anyone buying this game other then to try it out . You 'll get hooked , but then , oppsie , you do n't really own the game . It 's a damn shame how EA ruined this fantastic game by tying it the the albatross known as DRM . Digital Restrictions Managment , as I 'd like to call it . The sad part is , it 's mostly intelligent people who shop here at Amazon , and we already know how diseased this game is with performance stealing , virus-like DRM . If you do n't mind infecting your computer with DRM and spend a good chunk of money on what is essentially a rental , then buy this game . But if you want to see corrupt anti-consumer practices like infecting good software with DRM -LRB- that could potentially harm your machine -RRB- then avoid this game and wait till EA releases a DRM-free version . If enough people avoid this game and let it be known that we paying customers are not criminals that want to have our computers infected with virus-like DRM , then hopefully when Sims 3 comes out I could buy it with out infecting my computer . Now if you can excuse me , I have to uninstall this game and hopefully get rid of the DRM infection .
 While I certainly understand and support a great deal of the DRM criticism spouted thus far about this game , I think it would be beneficial to discuss the actual game , and then harp further on the DRM.The game itself , put simply , is not good . You start off in the most simplistic of scenarios , hurriedly swimming in a tide pool collecting either chunks of plants or chunks of meat to grow and sustain your little tiny life . Additionally , you are required to break open parts of asteroids or destroy other organisms in order to obtain new `` parts '' for your cell so that you can evolve to eat larger plants and kill larger organisms . You then `` evolve '' legs on your own and walk up onto the land . This phase reeks of a genre of online flash games that you play to waste time when you should be doing other things.This processes is basically repeated ad-infinitum with each evolutionary stage of the experience . While I understand this to be the basic point of the game , it was not set up so that it was interesting or fun.I can say that I almost enjoyed the Tribal stage of the game . It had some fun elements of game-play and was probably the best of the actual phases for various reasons . It was a bright stain on an otherwise dark and dreary canvas.The Civilization and Space phases are both horrible . Horrible is n't really even the correct word , it would have to go to something far beyond that.Essentially the Civ stage is a terribly made RTS , as others have mentioned . Build a car , build a house , build some boats , evolve . Sad and pathetic.The Space stage , which is by far the longest and most complicated phase -LRB- as it should be -RRB- , is incredibly frustrating . It takes the worst elements of space-sim and combines them into a horrible experience . Too much micro-management and unbelievably bad combat systems make the Space phase painful to endure.Overall , what this game does is present you with watered-down , poorly made versions of other game genres -LRB- RTS , Space Sim , Civ Sims , Flash Games -RRB- and provide the vehicle of evolution to advance from one horrible scenario to the next . I 'd have rather played a single , well-made style of game than to have jumped between ghosts of other game styles that were done much better by different people.Also , the DRM is horrible , and they should be ashamed of themselves for using it .
 Boy , what a fiasco ! I am not a game player , but Spore really had my interest . The last time I enjoyed pc games was back in the day of Myst and Grim Fandango . It seemed like Spore might be something I would enjoy . Enjoyment at the the expense of some software running all the time on my computer , though ? No thanks !!
 Yes , you can clearly see all the bad reviews about the DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -RRB- scheme on here , that it 's a virus , that is takes over your computer , that you 're essentially spending $ 50 on a rental . That 's true , and it should definitely prevent you from purchasing , much less installing , Spore . Ironically , while the DRM is meant to stop pirates , a pirated version without DRM and the install limit was leaked before Spore even hit retail shelves.There is another problem here that many have not gone into because the DRM virus turned them away on the outset . Spore is just a really bad game . This game is not about evolution or emergent gameplay at all . It 's essentially a bunch of bad minigames hacked together , along with broken and incomplete clones of other games that parade around as the various stages -LRB- tribal , space , etc -RRB- . If you wanted to go from playing a boring , buggy , lonely version of World of Warcraft to a boring , buggy , lonely version of Civilization , then you might enjoy this.The evolution factor , the game 's most sensational feature , does n't exist . You create a type of monster by splicing a bunch of wierd parts together . None of that eventually matters . All that matters is that your monsters have the right `` stats '' -LRB- statistics -RRB- . Speaking of monsters , there is something really disturbing here . You might have gotten past the DRM , maybe you have a computer you do n't care about and your wallet knows no bounds . You might have gotten past the broken implementation of whatever gameplay actually exists here . In fact , you might be thinking this is a good game for very small children . Well , you 'd be wrong . Since you have to register the game online , you need an active internet connection and be in administrator mode . Being online , the game can download monsters from other people 's computers that have been previously uploaded , and place them in your universe . Sounds fun , right?Wrong again.Most of the other users are those who pirated the game and adolescents , neither of which have found the game satisfying . For the cheap laughs out of sheer boredom , they have instead uploaded a myriad of creatures which you probably do n't want your kid interacting with . You see , Spore lends itself best to creating creatures that look simliar to ... certain body parts . Yes , massive deformed genitalia populate the online community , along with disgusting unreal monsters in all kinds of perverse poses.Spore is n't a game for anybody .
 I want to play this game , but I do n't want a DRM root-kit on my computer !! EA fix this now !!!
 I 've loved the creature creator and have played Spore at a friend 's place , but I ca n't justify `` renting '' my game from EA or allowing them to install SecuROM on my computer.I 've been following this game for years , but it 's not worth purchasing as is . Please do the right thing EA , I 'd love to play .
 I have for years enjoyed EA/Maxis products , going back to my teen years playing on my Atari compuers -LRB- Pinball construction , Racing destruction , etc -RRB- . As well as owned legal copies of SimCity Classic , SimCity 2000 , SimCity 3 & unlimited , and Simcity 4 . As well as Sims 1 & 2 , with the add ons . I was so looking forward to `` Spore '' , even counting down to the day when I could get my hands on a copy , -LRB- wanting to reward Maxis for the years of enjoyment they have provided -RRB- then I heard , DRM , and I thought , OK , but then it got worse , you could only install YOUR copy 3 times ? I 'm always upgrading my pc . I will not buy this until this is rethought and removed . and by the way , I doubt at this stage I 'll shell out money for sims 3
 Point blank ... this game holds your 50 dollars hostage with it 's DRM . You can buy it and like it . . but eventually your 50 dollars will be for naught.It will crash due to the DRMIf you buy a new computer you will have 3 installs total.It just does not make sense . Take a game with so much potential and drag it down punishing those who actually purchased it because of pirates.Right now your computer is locking up , your down to 2 installs , and the pirates are laughing because they did n't have this issue .
 Completely dumbed down to the very lowest denominator . Most of the ideas about procedural generation and how the different evolutionary parts would effect your creature are gone . Game is nothing like what was originally proposed . Awful DRM .
 I once had high hopes for Spore . I first found out about this game about a year or 2 ago and had high hopes . After playing with the creature creator , it felt fun and catchy . Something you could play , laugh , and lose yourself in for hours . Then came the FINAL release ... Bundled with the game is a mandatory install of spyware labeled DRM . This limits any single copy from being installed more than 3 times across ANY PC . So after 3 times , thats it , your done , go call EA and try to get hassled over the legitimacy of your own copy . If you want to take piracy countermeasures in this electronic sharing age , then fair enough . But dont couple the game with a `` sniffer '' software that takes up my resources . What happens if I have 4 + games that all do this ? Then my computer is being bogged down unneccessarily.OK , so they do this . MAYBE I could live with this . But then EA limits you to ONE account per install even though the manual states that multiple accounts CAN be created . Obviously this was originally allowed and was later removed . So not only can we only install our game a few times , but now EVERYONE has to assume the same account and ca n't even share . It takes away the uniqueness of multiple users , friends , people in the same family from playing the game . So now if you want your own account , you have to go out and buy ANOTHER copy . Sorry but I am not about to go out and buy 3 copies for 2 kids and myself so we can all be `` unique . `` Unfortunately for spore , if you can get passed the first two major hurdles the game seems like it just does n't come through all the way . After reading reviews it seems the early stages of the game do n't have that much influence on the later more `` important '' stages . Adding extra appendages and other body parts do n't seem to help or hurt your creature in anyway over its development . It would have been nice to see that your awkward looking monstrosity moved just as awkward and found development and evolution just as hard . In a sense its not much of an evolution/survival of the fittest . Spore also seems to be more rooted in the civilization and global stages , making your initial developments seem more like a mini-game . While the game seems to be called an overall `` fun to play '' game , it leaves EA open for patches , downloadable content , or a Spore 2 that takes the extra step this did not.Sorry , but when I buy a game I expect to OWN my game and be able to have control over it . Now it just seems like I am simply being ALLOWED to play EA 's game . No thanks EA , I am passing on buying this one and every other game in the future if this is your continued business model .
 Picture this
 this is so backwards . instead of promoting the game , EA tries to screw its clients . That 's brilliant marketing , they should promote that guy.too bad this will be cracked in a week . Haha .
 I freely admit that I did not purchase the game . However , in the very likely event that EA is paying attention to this , I wanted to add my voice to the choir.Stop using copy protection , you morons . It does not work , only pisses off your paying customers , and makes pirate copies * lacking * this crud even more enticing .
 I was interested enough in this game to make my first game purchase in years ... . until now . There is no way I 'm spending money on this product with the current DRM situation .
 I really wanted to buy this game , but since hearing about the evil DRM in it , i 've decided against . A shame too since it looks like it would be a really great game . Too bad EA had to ruin it with this . Their doing the same with the the upcoming Red Alert 3 , although that game lets you activate 5 times rather then 3 . No thanks EA .
 After you pay your $ 50 , you are still dependent upon the publisher allowing you to play it on your own computer .
 Too bad EA had to ship what basically amounts to malware with the game . As if PC were not unstable enough without new copy protection schemes constantly running in the background . Why would you compromise your PC to play a game , no matter how good ? It is quite possible that these idiotic DRM schemes will result in a healthier Open Source gaming community in time , which is about the only good thing I can think of about this for the consumer . In any case , I was excited that this game was going to be available for the mac , but now my interest has waned and you can be sure I will avoid EA products entirely until they stop shipping this trash .
 The only way companies like EA are going to be made to understand that this kind of draconian DRM is unacceptable is if people simply refuse to buy games that include it . 3 installs for $ 50 , it 's the most expensive video game rental I 've ever seen . Not only that , but this insane copy protection scheme did NOTHING to prevent the game from being cracked before it was even released in this country . In other words , the only people this scheme is punishing are LEGITIMATE BUYERS while the pirates get to play the game hassle free . If , like me , you think that 's absurd , refrain from buying this game until EA comes to their senses .
 Given the game 's draconian DRM -LRB- Digital Restrictions Management -RRB- that prevents you from legitimately installing it more than a few times , and that it does not run on anything by Windows , I can not recommend this game at all .
 EA seems to be at war with it 's customers . I have no idea why they think this is a good thing .
 Nothing much to say that has n't been said before 1000 times.I was going to get this game to see if my computer can handle it.And even if it could n't i would keep it until I had one that could.But with a DRM that is n't happening . Turns out my computer ca n't handle it very well anyways . Too much graphic crashes.I do hope EA actually reads reviews from places other than their forums of happy ignorant people . Maybe they will learn something .
 This game was a total disappointment and I would recommend against anyone buying it . Stay away !
 The draconian DRM will most likely cause you to loose your game when you upgrade your computer . At least it will be a huge hassle to get a new hard disk if you have a few of this kind of DRM on your PC .
 After multiple failed attempts to install this game due to a bad installation code , we contacted EA -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- . They confirmed the installation code is invalid . We returned the game for a refund .
 Purchased this item as a gift . It does NOT work on any of the Mac computers in our home , and only worked on an older Windows XP desktop system gathering dust in an unused bedroom . I can not recommend this item for current Mac computers .
 I bought it for $ 45 when circut city was going under , and the game is fun ... but dont get it because you dont own this game eventually you wont be able to play the game at all due to their digital rights mangment .
 It 's a fun game , but it keeps freezing up on me . And because it lacks any sort of autosave you either end up saving every 10 seconds or losing hours worth of progress .
 I even have problems to get the creator demo to run error free on my high-end vista PC . With DRM and the limited installs , no thanks EA , I will not be the guinea pig unless you pay me .
 If you are running Vista , stay as far away from this game as you can possibly get , unless your health insurance plan covers mental health . You might think it 's easy , but I can tell you it absolutely is not . I have been at it for several days , but I had no idea Vista would have so much difficulty installing a piece of software for use by one member of the family . A great game , but absolutely incompatible with Vista.UPDATE
 I got this game and installed it , in great anticipation of it 's gameplay hype . Right off the bat I was getting an error , where I had to go in and change the game 's config file so that it would work ! ... * sigh * I worked my way to the space age , and thought that it was a decent enough game . The very first stage , where you 're floating around eating things to promote your creatures growth was really fun . I only saved the game once , in the civilization stage , because I had to go do something and come back to the game.I finally get to the space age , and the game crashes ! I thought it was only because I had been playing the game straight through and it bugged out for some reason . It 's no big deal , right ? Games always crash . Well I log back in to find out the game does n't have an autosave feature ! Wow ... what progressively modern game does not have autosave these days ? Ok I can deal with playing from the Civilization stage again ... As soon as I get into the space stage I save ... then wham ... another crash . I tried playing the space age many many times , and every time about 5-10 min into the game , it crashes . So I have this game I ca n't even play ... Later on I call up my brother to tell him what I thought about the game . He tells me that he ca n't play it . Surely he must be doing something wrong , right ? Nope , see he ca n't get the internet right now where he lives ... at all . So because of something entirely out of his hands , he ca n't play SPORE ... all because EA came up with this great idea that you have to register online.On top of all of this business , I 've read about a number of people who are having even worse DRM issues . So if you buy this game , it 's really a roll of the dice . I can play the game fine up to the space age ... who knows ...
 For a game that was supposed to be the apex of create and share , the creation is a very small aspect of the game . In the part where this has the most impact , body parts are given stats . It really comes down to wanting your character to look like you want it , or having it be functional.Also , Securom DRM has severely slowed the start up speed of my computer.All in all , not worth the money . The best part is the creature creator , which can be bought for 10 bucks .
 Am I missing something ? This is perhaps the most disappointed I 've ever been with a game . From the pre-release buzz , I was expecting a game that would allow creatures to `` evolve '' over time , and where these evolutions would have an effect on the creatures ' success in the game world . As it is , it 's simply a matter of building stats by pasting various bits onto your creature.I 've played in two phases of the game so far - `` Cell '' and `` Creature '' . The Cell phase is absurdly simple . You swim your cell around , clicking on stuff to kill and eat it . Save up the currency -LRB- `` DNA '' -RRB- that you gain by doing so , and you can paste various new bits onto your cell . Do this for a while , and you 'll progress to the `` Creature '' phase.In the Creature phase , the game continues much the same . You 're still `` evolving '' by pasting various bits onto your creature . Now , you find the various bits by clicking on piles of bones that you see on the ground . You gain currency -LRB- `` DNA '' -RRB- to purchase the various bits by either eating or befriending the other creatures in the world , but this is simply a matter of building your stats to a proper level -LRB- more on that in a moment -RRB- . Early on , when I was on my own , I would sometimes fail . Once I progressed and was able to take some friends along , it was absurdly easy ... simply going through the motions . Once you have some currency saved up , you click on the mating call button , head back to the nest , listen to some cheesy lounge music for a couple seconds , and head into the ` Adding bits to your creature ' screen.Each bit has certain values ... say a certain mouth lets you `` strike '' with a value of three , and a spiked wheel-like bit that you can paste onto your creature 's back gives a strike value of four . You do n't add those values , only the highest one is counted . So , you might instead choose a mouth that has a lower `` strike '' value and a higher `` singing '' value , to boost your stat there.That , in a nutshell , is the entire game , for these first two phases . `` Building '' or `` evolving '' your creature is simply an exercise in cosmetics . You can make your creature long , short , fat , slim , give him eight legs or only two ... none of these decisions have any effect at all on a creature 's ability to succeed in the game . Also , you can COMPLETELY REBUILD your creature AT ANY TIME ! You can always `` sell '' bits back for the exact price you paid for them . Are you finding that the mouth you picked is n't quite what you 're looking for ? Just pull it off and give him a new one . The mace-like spiky ball that you put on his tail is n't quite working for you anymore ? No problem ... just sell it back and use the currency for something else . -LRB- You could , by the way , put the spiky ball on his tail , or on his elbow , or on the top of his head , it makes no difference ... all it is is an icon that represents a certain set of stats -RRB- . I think that the reason I 'm so disappointed is that I 'm a long-time fan of Will Wright 's games . While his games are known for being open-ended simulations that ca n't really be won or lost , at least in the past there was some challenge involved . Here , I feel like I 'm just moving through an exercise . There are no real decisions to be made that are of any consequence , due to the ability to completely rebuild . Picture Sim City , but with the ability to completely bulldoze your entire city at any time , at no cost , and with no consequences . The more I think about it , the more ridiculous it seems.Anyway , I guess I 'll end my rant here . I will probably still play through the next two phases of the game , and if after that , I feel that I 've been terribly unfair , I 'll come back and say so . For now , though , I think that the most unfortunate thing about the DRM controversy is that it 's taking focus away from the fact that this is a really poor game . For those who are complaining that you wo n't be able to play the game ten years from now , take consolation in the fact that you really wo n't want to .
 If this game 's original concept had survived the last two years , and Will Wright 's useless and misleading speaking tour , I would have built a dedicated system that could handle DRM -LRB- read , over-priced console -RRB- . However , this game has been dumbed down to such a degree that customization is merely cosmetic . The very little customization that has anything to do with game mechanics , is going to funnel all serious gamers into making virtually the same creature , which has zero appeal for the online portion . Instead of being a game that would be worth the thousands of dollars necessary to run it safely , it is a game that is barely worth the bargain bin .
 I have been following Spore for close to 4 years now , and was excited for it 's release until I got to play a beta version a few months back . My main issues with Spore are : - DRM that severely limits any long-term playability of the game or use on multiple computers in one 's household . A maximum of 3 installs is allowed at which time you must call EA to `` obtain '' another one.-Bland gameplay . The game is simply not that fun . The best part of Spore came out a month ago in the Creature Creature . It 's a lot of fun to create your creature and see what other people come up with as well . However this is a small part of the game and the other 5 `` stages '' of the game are ridiculously easy and filled with boring , repetitive and meaningless gameplay . It feels like at times EA was trying to mesh an RTS , RPG and an evolution game . What was a great idea has fallen way short of even modest expectations . It 's not hard while playing Spore to see the ways in which this game could have been really amazing . Unfortunately not even expansion packs or a sequel could save this game , especially since EA has a history of milking franchises and updating them only minimally .
 I refuse to install anything on my machine that A -RRB- installs a permanent background process on my machine , or B -RRB- I do not have free reign to install on any computer that I own . Max 3 installs ? Having to format my drive to get rid of your DRM ? Forget it , EA . Pull your head out .
 As much as I admire and respect Will Wright , the DRM absolutely kills the game 's playability . The 3 reinstall rule is unfair to us legitimate and honest gamers . Piracy is a problem , sure , but EA should learn from the RIAA that you do n't win by treating all of your customers as if they are thieves .
 I recently bought this game and installed it on a computer that well exceeds the listed system requirements . However , the game does n't even load correctly , and crashes shortly after starting . I 've taken several steps to try and resolve the problem -LRB- updating drivers , updating windows etc. -RRB- but nothing seems to work . Now I 'm $ 50 short and have nothing to show for it.I do n't know if DRM and SecuROM are responsible for my problem , or if it 's a problem with Windows Vista , or if the programmers at EA just rushed the release . But my previous experience tells me that EA has a good chance of just ignoring my problem and I 'll have to just suffer the loss.The fact that reinstalling the game is a `` possible solution '' to my problem -LRB- which I 've tried , to no avail -RRB- is even more disappointing , considering how DRM is being used to restrict the number of computers I can even install it on . I guess I would have been better off downloading a pirated version ...
 Thanks for let me know about DRM issue . I was considering buy this game.EA just lost another customer .
 Well dear sirs at EA , this is what you get when you treat a customer as a potential thief . Remove the DRM and this game will get the 4-5 stars it deserves for outstanding quality .
 DRM is the downfall of all media industries . I would be so much more likely to tell people to buy this if it were n't for that . Pretty entertaining game , but I think it 's for those with plenty of time on their hands . I like a game where I can jump in , create havoc , and leave . GTA IV for example . Great game , no DRM , $ 500 million in sales during the opening week .
 Good game but several factors make me give it a low rating ... I have purchased and own this version of the game.The game is fun to play , but there are several things that I find lead to an undesired experience with it . First and foremost , this game has no Auto save functionality . So if the game does what it 's supposed to do ... drag you into the experience , and you forget to save , you will loose everything up to the last point you saved . This is a very frustrating experience when it first happens to you . Not only do I see this as a big over site , but it makes the space stage fairly bad . Especially since I have found that if you save the game in the space stage with certain factors , it will cause the game to crash and there is no way to go back , so you end up having to start over again.Another game play issue I had is in the creature stage , I got stuck in a mountain and could n't get out . The game has no `` emergency stuck '' function so I had to restart that whole stage.Patching spore requires EA Download manager , which loads up automatically when you launch Spore . There is no way to make EA Download Manager unload it 's self after you are done playing spore , you have to right click on it and do it manually . The EA Download manager , includes nothing about spore so you do n't know if you are running the latest version or what.Spore requires that you register to access online content , and that registration is tied to one email address and anybody who wants to access online content from that install will have to use that email address . This is a per system thing and two different people would not be able to login to someone else 's spore to load up there settings . I find it condemnable in this day and age a game can not function fully in a multi-user environment.Spore does not work correctly in a limited user environment and must be run in full administrator mode for it to work online . I find this very annoying . I ca n't set this up on a PC for a kid to play unless I turn them to a full administrator , not only that but I loose the ability to use Vista 's Webmonitoring and Game controls that allow me to control how long the kids can play.Spore is encumbered with DRM called SecuRom . It will only allow you to install the game 3 times and uninstalls will not revoke one of these installs from the game . When you use up your 3 installs , you are required to call support and hope they allow you to have another install . I really hate being treated like a criminal . I have already heard instances where in a game called Mass Effect , which is released by the same producer , would not reinstate the installs for someone and they were told they would have to purchase another copy . I also find this very annoying by the fact that Pirates can download and install copies just fine . They even had the copies available on the internet before the game was even released on retail.The game seems incomplete but for the most part it 's still a fun game to play . I am very disappointed in some aspects of it that are described above . If you do not care about the above problems , then I would definitely suggest purchasing this game in either the Galactic Edition or the Normal Edition .
 The DRM makes it a solid non-buy . I received it as a present , but returned it when I found out how it worked . I was disappointed anyway after playing around with the creature creator . It 's just a boring sim-type toy , not really a game at all . Very tedious . I 'd rather play Civ IV in the end .
 Do n't you worry , DRM will get removed in a patch not too soon . Until that happens , I suggest you do n't buy the game.It did n't take long before it was removed with Mass Effect -LRB- also from EA -RRB- , though it does surprise me that they pulled the stunt again after that.The game can only be installed 3 times before requesting more codes . It 's up to you how badly you want it . The game 's quality does not justify DRM measures this draconian . I do n't think any game can.So my conclusion is , one star .
 It 'd be crazy to purchase this game with EA 's current DRM scheme , whereby you 're really only renting it until you 've exceeded your re-install limit . The game looks fun , but for me , it 'd be rendered useless by EA 's DRM inside of 6-months . EA can keep their game and their poorly-conceived DRM ; I 'll spend my money elsewhere .
 I refuse to pay $ 50 and be treated like a thief . The copy protection -LRB- called DRM in most of these reviews -RRB- implemented in this game is too much . Buyer beware - you will not really own this game - instead you will be very limited with what you can do with it .
 The presence of such a hostile form of DRM protection -LRB- SecuROM -RRB- discourages me from buying this game or any other with such protection . I 'm not sure how EA did n't see this coming . They knew that the user base of such games was generally not in favor of such measures , but chose to release it anyway.It 's a shame since the game would have been nice otherwise -LRB- the inclusion of securom ruined it for me -RRB- .
 I was so excited about this game along with what seemed like the rest of the gaming world -- that is , of course , until I found out about their DRM madness - . - EA has become a horrible company , so drunk on their so called success that they think they can get away with anything . Well the people have spoken ! Boycott this game until they take out the DRM for good ! And do the same for all DRM software ! We will not stand for this !!
 One activation per letter of DRM , 3 . I was about to let my Prime account get it to me next day then saw the DRM horror stories . Sorry EA , great game , poor license .
 I do n't think many of you fully appreciate why so very many people are livid about the DRM schemes employed in this game.Our company lost three full days of production when our internet provider accidentally blacklisted the liscence servers for our production software . We had to have the software provider overnight us a new hardware key to bypass the internet validation . Now Spore uses an even more aggressive DRM scheme meaning that the $ 60 you spent on a game is going to lead to obscene amounts of time with tech support.Many of you will argue that they have to have it to prevent piracy , and you would be entirely wrong . It takes no effort to find a user friendly DRM free , cost free download for the game -LRB- or any other software -RRB- . The pirated DRM free version was even available before the legitimate version.Do not support companies that use such strong arm tactics against legitimate customers ! It will only hurt us all in the end .
 Looks cute , quirky and fun . Shame I wo n't be buying it until EA wakes up and figures out that punishing paying customers and rewarding piracy is n't really a good business strategy . DURH ! Does n't help that they are being very belligerent and arrogant about it , basically telling paying customers `` Tough poopies if you do n't like DRM . What you think does n't really matter . Just keep giving us money . ''
 Spore was suppose to be revolutionary
 Game play is mediocre at best ... boring until the last phase when it becomes repetitive . I 'm sure that , over the next few years , they 'll release new content and expansions that will address the overall badness of the gameplay , but , that will require extra cash being pumped into your SporeLife -LRB- tm -RRB- . By the time the game becomes truly `` fun '' and playable , you 'll have dropped $ 200-250 on it . And that 's if you can still play it when all the expansions are out and you have n't run afoul the worst part of the game : SecuROM DRM3 installs is a rediculous limit . Especially given that Microsoft has admitted the existence of `` win rot '' , and suggests that you reinstall windows annually . That means that a `` diligent '' computer user will get a year or 2 of use from this title before they 're required to repurchase.Given that games have never had this kind of limitation in the past , I 'm reminded of a quote from a Roman philosopher : If you refuse where you have always granted you invite to theft.Publilius Syrus -LRB- ~ 100 BC -RRB- I 'm sure some people will , ultimately , enjoy playing spore , but many of those people will have stolen the game -LRB- which is already cracked and ready for download on your favorite pirate site -RRB- . If BestBuy had a software return policy , I 'd go get my money back ... : -LRB-
 As much fun as this game sounds , do not waste your money on DRM-infected products . If EA wants to get into the business of renting games out that 's there business , but if a retailer is selling a product then I should legally be allowed to install/uninstall it for as many times as I like.As someone who tinkers with my PC , I 'm regularly upgrading and replacing components . Why should I have to call in to ` prove ' I purchased the game once I hit their arbitrary max ? What happens a few years down the road - will this activation service still be in place?Consumers vote with your wallets and do not purchase DRM-infected goods . You have LOTS of other entertainment options .
 Huge potential molded into a crappy expansion pack engine . I am incredibly disappointed . DRM & cute sums it up.Played for close to a week , watched the forums hopefully for plans to correct the mistakes and then saw the ad for the `` expansion pack '' already and I have now written this game off as a lost cause and a lesson learned . Very disappointed . If you are an avid supporter of DRM and cute , dumbed down game play in a package meant to act as a bottomless pit of never ending expansion packs in which to toss your hard earned money , then this is the game for you.I can not overemphasize how disappointed I am in Spore . Do n't waste your money or your time.Looks like I have space to fill.Junk , garbage , trash , waste , debris , detritus , dreck , dregs , dross , filth , muck , offal , rubbish , rubble , scrap , scrapings , sewage , slop , sweepings , swill , balderdash , blather , bunkum , claptrap , drivel , idiocy , piffle , poppycock , rigmarole , rubbish , tomfoolery , trash , twaddle , etc. .
 Okay , so you have heard the outcry against the DRM . That 's all fine and good . But here 's the interesting thing
 I was looking forward to this game being released . But thanks to all the information here in the reviews and elsewhere , I will not be buying this game . The DRM is a deal-killer for me . I play games over and over and play games that are 10-15 years old regularly . I am running into more games that I ca n't play my legally bought copies of anymore because of exactly this kind of DRM . DO N'T FALL FOR IT . The only way to play Spore in the future will be with an illegal copy . Because the copy protection will cease to be supported or the next OS you use will -LRB- rightfully -RRB- block it .
 I wish that my son could play this game that he saved his allowance for , but it WILL NOT run . Our system exceeds all requirements , but it wo n't work . I have not found any valuable help at the EA website . What a waste of $ $ $ !
 This game was hyped as ` Sim Everything ' . All the pre-game marketing , screens , previews , led us to believe it would be awesome , and I believe it was intended to be by it 's creator , Will Wright.Now that EA is releasing additions to the game it seems to me that greed at EA must have been the issue here . I suspect that the game was ` minimized ' and a lot of good content was saved for later release as an addon , like ` Galactic Adventures ' . It seems that the addons have a lot of things that were hinted at prior to the games original release.Thanks a lot EA !! You turned an awesome vision into 2 weeks of disappointment . If you had just released it all as one game it would have been the greatest game of all time !! Instead it has turned into a flop !!! Based on the number of bad reviews I have seen I would guess most other people agree.I am not sure if I will buy any of the new content ... depends on how bored I get I guess ... Regards , Former Spore Fan
 Installed the game , dreading all the DRM issues I 've been reading and hearing about . Figured I 'd take the chance on this game , since everything Will Wright has touched is golden in my book.Well ... Some issues I could not figure out after Spore install , such as unrecovereable CPU error on WinXP booting . It would never make it to the login screen . Had to go into Safe Mode , system restore prior to a WinXP security update before being able to reinstall Spore and actually play it . I 'm not positive that Spore was the culprit in the non boot issue , but it did start happening within a day or two after it was installed . On the other hand , have done multiple BioShock installs -LRB- via Steam -RRB- without bomb issues , so might be something isolated to the version of DRM used in SPore.Gameplay ... In a word , fun . Until you 've played it a couple/three times . Then it 's just plain old . The end game is rather a dull and repetitive event . They own HOW MANY planets ? Is there a cheat to just get a lot of planet busters?Definitely not what I was expecting from a Will Wright game - although maybe my expectations need to change . The `` toy '' interaction from Sims/SimCity is still there in tremendous amounts . The customization of creatures , buildings and ships is certainly an amazing novelty , though I found myself using a bunch of user generated content for my game after purchasing the tenth or eleventh planet and getting tired of the beastly architectures I had created on my own.Endless repetition with only slight variances = boredom . I really hoped this game was going to take me through Christmas too . Alas , it appears that will be the job of something else.So in a word , definitely a game that should probably be played casually . In small doses , Spore does entertain successfully - much akin to Peggle or Bejeweled . But if you want your Sim City/Sims type fix , you may quickly find yourself digging around for an alternative.C ` mon Will , you had an extra year or two to perfect this thing !
 I purchased this game on a whim . It had been hyped and I decide what the heck the kids will like it . That 's where the problems begin . I installed it and it did n't work on the first computer . Another computer was having problems so I installed it on my wife 's laptop as an interim solution . Well hell . 3 installs later I do n't even have it on the one computer it was supposed to be on and I 'm done . That 's thanks to DRM . EA says they upped the number of installs to 5 . Good thing because one of the computers died . The thing is I lost interest in the game . Never mind the DRM . Not a single person in my family finished the game . We played , it got monotonous , and that was that . You can see the potential but the game just falls short . Then there is the DRM . Sorry but every program I 've ever purchased that had online activation has been a hassle . This is no different . I wasted my time , I wasted my money . I ca n't even sell it at a loss and try something different because of online activation and the limited number of installs .
 I 've read that pirated versions of this game do n't include the DRM -LRB- obviously -RRB- and are n't limited to everything that ruins the game -LRB- again , obviously -RRB- . -LRB- Buy the game if you want it !!! I DO NOT CONDONE PIRATING !!! -RRB- . The DRM software will seep into your Windows installation off the retail cd , and eventually bring your computer down and you can not remove it by any means short of reformatting your hard drive . The game really is lots of fun even though the whole `` evolution '' idea apparently got scrapped , but when you ca n't share the game with someone in your house -LRB- ca n't switch accounts , leaving your stuff vulnerable to siblings or kids if they want to play -RRB- it kinda becomes worthless to buy . Only allowed to install three times ? I 'm paying $ 50 to rent a game ? Forget it . But really EA , I was looking forward to this game for over two years , and was really excited when it started to near its release date . I want to give you my money for a game you promised would be fantastic , but I do n't want you selling me malware . I can go find destructive software for free elsewhere if I so desire , I do n't need to pay you for it . Thanks a lot , you 've lost me as a customer .
 Well , the game itself is n't bad . However the DRM is causing some problems with my machine so that I have to restore Vista as it seems to have corrupted a file . That and an initial bad original install means that in 2 days I have already used up 2 of my licenses . Very frustrated right now . On a side note I found a pirated copy that has no DRM on it . . Makes me feel as I should have snagged a pirated version instead of an original.I 'm thinking that this might be a final push for me to give up on PC games as EA seems to be doing this to everything they sell , and they happen to be cornering the market on the PC game industry .
 first off EA is horrible they now have a system attached to their games that limits your ability to install the game more than 3 timesalso any hardware changes to your computer removes one of those 3 times.also Spore is a huge disappointment and i do not recommend buying it , honestly i do n't think i will ever buy a will wright game , EA game , or Maxis game ever again.The civilization phase is horrible . Really just bad . Had fun in the cell phase and creature phase . Tribe phase was ok . I played them all on Hard right after each other three times and each time i got to the civilization phase i got bored.Its a shame . By the way game difficulty modes should be called : Cheat ModeThat 's it?Easyinstead of `` EasyNormalHard
 Ridiculous . There has been so much , and well deserved , anticipation for this game . But what is our anticipation met with ? Shattering disappointment . This game has been dumbed down past the point of stupidity where creating a super-awesomely detailed and balanced creature is utterly pointless . The game is not about the creature , it 's about the stats . AND the game , which was supposed to be long and fulfilling , can be completed , in its entirety in less than 8 hours ! 8 HOURS ! SHAMEFUL!To top it all off EA has struck again . EA thought ... I 'm sorry , that 's impossible ... EA decided that it was a great idea to implement a SecuROM DRM system into the game . What this means , for those who do n't know the various flavors of the disease DRM , is that you are not really buying the game , but rather RENTING it . SecuROM limits the amount of activations that a user has , and the game requires activation after installation . The worst part is that this limit is 3 . 3 !!! I personally own more PCs than that and while I will not have the game running at the same time on more than one of then , I would like to have the game installed on them all in case one decides to take a sojourn to PC Promised Land . The sick part is I CA N'T ! I am only allowed 3 installations at which point I will have to buy . . I mean RENT the game again , and here 's the beauty of it , at FULL PRICE!I personally do not pirate and therefore when I buy something I expect it to be mine , but EA refuses to follow the evolutionary process of developing a BRAIN and treats the paying community like treasure-hunting peg-legs ! You 're better off spending the money you would have spent on this game on a really spiffy chia-pet because at least that chia-pet will grow and yet remain YOURS !
 This game has been a big let down . I , like many others , am suspicious of the DRM that comes with Spore , but I bought it anyway because , hey it 's the next big Sims ! Right ! Right ?! Right ??? No , it 's not . Wallpaper and home furnishings in Sims/Sims2 are more compelling than the nuts and bolts of this game
 Why EA , why ? Why do you keep using this stupid method to combat piracy ? The pirates had the game before it was even available to buy , so why treat your PAYING customers like the thieves?I think Spore is a great game and Will Wright is a genius , but EA has screwed him and his development team out of thousands , if not millions , of sales because they ca n't learn from their mistakes .
 DRM ? If you selling a product and going about this to prevent piracy HA ! What a funny joke , I wonder many suits with supposed college MBA degrees it took to come up with that in a board room , or maybe EA was getting cheap and hired some chimps to come with that gem . I hope this company fails . -LSB- ... -RSB- per rental . Forget this , I 'm going to blockbuster and rent the Force Unleased for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , Take that EA I 'd rather give my money to Lucas Arts .
 I ordered this game a long time ago partly due to the hype , partly due to history of EA/Maxis with the Sims and other franchises , but was distraught to find out that the policy they had decided to take on activating the product - worse than WINDOWS and we have seen how well that process works . I am sure anyone who wants to pirate the game will goto game copy world and take care of it leaving the legitimate purchasers to get a lesser experience . Sounds a lot like gun control.When drm-free games are outlawed , only outlaws will have drm-free games
 The game 's concept and scope were and still are great . Who would n't want to build their own creature from scratch and guide it through a lifetime of evolution.Gameplay
 I 'm not going to go into the DRM thing , as everyone else has covered it already . But I will say that I was expecting a deep , engaging game where my choices actually made a difference . However all I got were shallow minigames with some cool customization options , even though customizing your creature really does n't do much.A shame really , this had awesome potential
 This game has terrible DRM making it difficult to install on your computer and run . It is also locked down so that only one person in your household can play the game unless you purchase multiple copies . Why should I have to buy one for each of my kids ? I 've never heard of a game having such terrible pricing !
 I was able to play the game until I reached the space age . After that , the game crashes on start-up . EA said that they do not offer refunds for games after they have been installed ... So basically if you `` try '' to play a game by installing it , you are waiving your right to a refund if it does not function correctly .
 The game is repetitive , the first few stages go by quickly and are just a prelude for a space age game , nothing more . The idea of ` evolving ' your creature is bogus , your DNA stops being of any importance by the tribe/civ stage and only determines consequences , lame limitations of your race . by the Civ stage , there is little ` evolution ' left and becomes a poor civ game if anything , where you make vehicles to farm spice or kill others , the creature is but a graphical gimmick . The space age is a repetitive lame game that has you going about the galaxy saving other races that have plenty of defences but chooses to call you up , no matter how many trade routes or alliances you make , the growth of your civilization does not increases ` your ' wealth -LRB- so much for evolution , it turns into a space ace game , bad at that too -RRB- . The game forces you to design convoluted buildings that play little if no real part on the gameplay and that you will not be able to see up close unless you go into the colony and zoom in all the way . You travel the universe with one sad ship , which can be designed galore but whose design has no effect on what the ship can do -LRB- no matter how many weapons you add to it in the design process , you only get to use one , and not any of those you choose , why let me design them then ? -RRB- Overall , it is made up of several games weakly intertwined , it is miss sold as an evolution game , it is not , it incorporates elements of it for the first 30 minutes of gameplay , if anything , then it becomes a very bad civ game . I 'd take the Sims any time , now that was well crafted from inception .
 I implore anyone reading this review to NOT purchase this game . The DRM in it requires you to constantly connect to the internet so that EA can validate whether or not you own a legal copy . Also , you only get three installs . After that , you have to go begging to EA to get more.It 's time that honest people stop being punished for what pirates do . The funny thing is , the DRM can be worked around in pirated versions , so not only do the pirates get free versions of the game , they get ones that work much better than the legal copies . Sorta makes you want to become a pirate , does n't it ? Good work EA , you 're turning the only honest people into the things you 're trying to defeat.I will never purchase this game unless they remove this DRM . I 've been looking forward to this game for years , but I will not buy it .
 For the last year or so I have been waiting anxiously for this release . I suppose that I 'll just do without now instead of later when my 3 strikes for installs runs out . I wonder how much money this will save them by preventing piracy in comparison to the money lost in sales because of this silly DRM .
 Lame over priced game rental that is crippled by DRM - you have to be a NOOB LAMO to buy this game .
 Lose the DRM or you wo n't be selling it to me . It still blows my mind that companies continue to waste money and resources on bad DRM schemes . If I was an EA shareholder I would be upset right now at the bad decisions made and the money wasted on DRM . Eventually someone will get a clue and realize that DRM is the reason people are n't buying their product and looking to pirate it instead . If you made your product cheap enough and DRM free , you would sell alot more .
 DRM is known to crash games/softwareDRM is known to create questionnable tracking devices on computers -LRB- Sony -RRB- DRM is additional software that you didnt pay forWill not buy DRM games - at the least there needs to be two versions with DRM or w/o DRM - publishers can choose to make the non-DRM version cheaper to encourage usage .
 What a waste of a good game . The gameplay and story of the game is great but you never get to own the game due to the horrible DRM that is forced on you .
 Not worth buying because of DRM issues , better to just rent it and save the money .
 I do n't even play games , but I realize the detriment that the DRM poses . Get real EA and stop screwing paying customers !!
 Was going to purchase , but after reading many of the reviews you would have to be nuts to buy . I would never buy a product with a one or two star rating !
 When will EA learn ? Within a day or two of the game being released -LRB- maybe even earlier -RRB- , illegal copies of the game were floating all of the internet . The DRM that comes with this game was n't even a tiny bump in the road for the hackers.On the other hand , all of the people who bought legal copies of this game , like me , are no stuck with DRM filled product that completely ruins the experience.So good job EA . Punish the people who pay you money and do n't affect those who do n't . Great business sense.I for one wo n't be buying another DRM game from EA again , or any software maker . This is rediculous .
 I purchased this game for my son , and at the time we had no knowledge of any install limits ; nowhere was it mentioned in the manual or in game -LRB- for the very few who do not already know , this game will not allow the user to install it more than 3 times -RRB- . His first of three installs was used up when our hard drive crashed soon after installation . While I was fixing up our main computer , he installed it on one of our older ones . Once the new computer was up and running , he uninstalled it from the temporary PC and installed it on the new one.Everything was going fine until his uncle came with a belated birthday present
 For those who insist that reviews be limited to `` product , not politics '' , these reviews definitely pertain to the product . Would you positively review a car that intentionally inserts razor blades into its seats , or a DVD player that `` bricks '' itself if you attempt to play a burned DVD ? I did n't think so.Publisher EA claims the biggest advantage of using the widely rejected SecuROM DRM product both in Spore andMass Effectis that you do not need to insert the disc to play . It 's not much of an advantage given the price one has to pay for a DRM system that consumes valuable processing resources and yet was already rendered ineffective by crackers everywhere . Punishing the customer in this fashion is NOT the way to sell a product.A counter-example would beSins of a Solar Empire , a top-rated PC game which managed to move half a million copies -LRB- so far -RRB- while having NO COPY PROTECTION whatsoever . For a game that took less than a million dollars to make -LRB- a drop in the ocean compared to say , Grand Theft Auto 's development costs -RRB- , this is incredible profit and proof that the quality of a game can eventually trump any percieved losses to piracy . In fact , SecuROM marketers attempted to sabatoge Stardock 's sales efforts by posting links to pirated copies of the game on various forums in a transparent attempt to prove SecuROM was needed . It did n't work.The first review is quite right in noting that EA holds absolutely no obligation to keep its activation servers working , and in fact stands to benefit from screwing everyone over . EA 's use of this DRM method with such high-profile titles as this and Mass Effect is a disgusting attempt to establish precedent , in order to justify more and more draconian DRM . `` Hey , these games sold well DESPITE our shafting the consumer ! That must mean the DRM works ! Let 's put it in everything ! `` Granted , this DRM will not affect everyone . It does n't affect me , as I doubt I will be installing this game more than 3 times , but think of this as a case wherein one attempts to deny your rights and freedoms as a consumer with their reason for doing so being `` you do n't exercise them anyway , why should you have them ? '' . I sincerely hope you do n't think that 's a fair deal.Please do not support this copyright version of the Patriot Act . It 's an insult to consumers and to yourself .
 Yes . The DRM sucks . I pre-ordered this game and have vowed to NEVER AGAIN PRE-ORDER . If I had had the benefit of the reviews from Amazon prior to purchasing this game , I 'd have waited . The worst thing about it is that the DRM protects the most mindlessly simple game imaginable . The only depth to the game is the number of different creatures you can create . For that , just get the creature creator or a set of crayons . Really . Every other aspect of the game is simplistic to the point of being almost deterministic . If you die you lose nothing ; if you have even the slightest ability to think critically , you can maximize your creature 's abilities . Creature abilities are in no way affected by your creature 's design . You get no points for creativity in design . This persists until after the tribal phase ; in the civilization phase , things do n't get much more complex . Honestly , this is where the game at least got passingly interesting -- but , it does n't hold a candle to Civilization . Imagine playing a game of Risk with a toddler ... that 's about how engaging the civilization phase is . And the space phase ? Pretty much just annoying . The more you expand , the more other `` races '' want from you . Soon , you 'll be annoyed that you have to handle the minutia of a city 's buildings on every planet you control WHILE SIMULTANEOUSLY , SINGLE-HANDEDLY fighting off any invasion of any of your planets . Not to mention having to run stupid errands for other races to keep them happy , or engage in a war all alone . At least , it 's not hard to fly-by , drop a bomb , and circle the planet . This method lets you destroy a city without risking much damage at all to your ship . Pretty mindless.Don ' t buy it .
 I 'd like to focus on gameplay . All the talk of the DRM is taking something away from how poor the gameplay actually is in this game . We bought this game in spite of the DRM issue people seem to be focusing on because of the potential . I 've always enjoyed the construction set type games , and games where you can create a virtual presence and customize it . This game has some very good customization tools -LRB- by good I mean intuitive -RRB- but in the end the minuses far out way the pluses.First off , the gameplay itself is rather tedius . Each stage is basically a simplified -LRB- and not very good -RRB- version of something that has already been done much better by another game studio . Most of the stages have a RTS feel than anything , but it does n't do it very well . The goals are very simpleminded , the AI very stupid and easy to defeat , and the graphics ... well ... they kinda suck -LRB- is it really that hard to enable anti-aliasing ? -RRB- . I think children might like the gameplay and the cutsie dancing and singing , but for anyone over 8 it just is n't that entertaining.The best part of this game is the creation tools -LRB- or tool , its all pretty much the same tool -RRB- . With this you can make not just creatures but vehicles , buildings , and space ships . While on the surface this sounds like great fun just tinkering with your designs , in reality it loses appeal fairly rapidly . I found myself just wanting to get on with it and picking premade stuff once I built a couple of buildings ... The `` parts '' to buld things out of are more or less the same between various classes of items you can create , and once you 've seen them there is nothing new to discover . Also , more disappointingly , the various parts start out making a difference in the abilities of your creation , albeit a simplistic one -LRB- i.e. creatures gain different levels of skill based upon the part use to create them -RRB- . This diminshes as you progress in the game , however , until there are a lot of frilly decorative parts with little reason to pick one over the other apart from asthetics . In fact this whole portion of the game is a quite of a let down because it could have been so much more . Finally , as you find more parts you also find there is actually a fairly small subset that gives you what you want . For instance , if you want the `` charge '' ability to be as high as you can get it , you 've only got a couple feet to choose from , and the abilities do n't stack . For instance , you ca n't combine a certain pair of legs and feet to make a better sprinter , you just get the highest of the two , which means there is n't a lot of depth to the item selection . Once you make it to the tribal phase kiss all that goodbye , the parts are mostly decoration.The first four stages are very easy to blast through , which is luckly cause they would n't hold you interest more than a couple of day . The final `` stage '' is probably the best of the 5 , but only seems better in comparision to the abysmal 4 stages that preceeded it . Even this stage is no where near as good as any number of space sims already out.For replay value , I 'd give this game 1 star ... you wo n't be getting your $ 50 back out of this one . For first play value I give it maybe 2.5 stars , mainly for the creation tools becuase the gameplay really is bad . Include the other aspects of the game , such as lack -LRB- or method -RRB- of online play , poor graphics and audio , and compare it to other games already on the market that do the genre better and it drops back to 1.5 stars ... Do n't believe the hype on this one ... you not missing anything . This is one of those games that you buy and play for a few days and then wonder why you did .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Now on to the game itself.The game is actually quite good . It 's very charming and a lot of fun . The variety of games , the online aspect , and creature creation tools are very well done and there is a lot of attention to detail in all aspects such as graphics , animation , sounds . The game play unfortunately is a bit too simplistic and that hurts it after a few runs . It left me pining for something with more depth . The designers chose a trade-off between offering more variety at the cost of depth . I suspect they also wanted to make the game more accessible for people who are not what I would term hard core gamers -LRB- and that 's totally cool -RRB- . As a game it 's a solid 3.5 stars . As a product it should get 0 stars . If EA wants to employ draconian copy protection measures ; they 're really there to prevent you from reselling the game , the should give their customers full disclosure . In my opinion this is not how an ethical company should do business . Thumbs down to EA for a horrible product , good job to will wrights crew for making a charming , albeit simplistic game .
 I had the game on pre-order as well and after finding out about the DRM they choose , I canceled . It really saddens me that the decisions made by the execs at EA ruined all the hard work by Wright and his team . What I really do n't understand is who they think they are stopping . I would gladly hand over more than $ 50 to have this game without unwanted spyware wrapped as DRM . Did they stop the pirates from getting a copy onto the web ? Not even a little bit . Did they stop a legitimate customer from actually purchasing their product ? Indeed they did .
 I have played the game through the Civilization phase so far . I am completely underwhelmed . I expected a rich game play experience . What I got was a repetitive one . Let me summarize : Tide Pool Phase
 I purchased this game off the EA store . The game itself has been dumbed down so far that it is no longer enjoyable , in fact , any design actions that you make have practically zero impact on your actual gameplay . I 've played flash games with far more depth . All the promise that this game had has been swept away by profoundly limited gameplay ; the creativity that you wield has no actual effect on the game itself.To make matters even worse , the Securom activation scheme is draconian and makes this purchase even more worthless . THREE activations ever ? I 've just shelled out fifty bucks for a trial version . The pirated version is by far the better product , at least I can play it two reformats from now .
 Spore not only suffers from overhyped marketing , it suffers from overhyped gameplay.I unlocked the game yesterday , and after 8 or so hours of play , I 'm bored . I was actually bored after about 2 hours.Rather then go into all the aspects of the game that leads to such a low review , just do n't buy it .
 I had been looking forward to playing this conceptually amazing game since first hearing about it over a year ago . Unlike most of the other negative reviews , I do n't know about and am not troubled by the DRM . My complaints are about the game itself.First , throughout the game the controls are clumsy and ineffective . The early stages are childishly simple but kind of fun . Creating your creature is apparently the main highlight of this game . The civilization stage , where the action starts , is just a pathetic and lame mini-version of the real Civilization game . Unfortunatly , the civilization stage is the most fun and most user friendly stage of this game.The final stage , the Spacefaring stage , is by far the worst of the entire game . It starts off sort of fun , like the game might possibly have been worth $ 50 bucks . For the first hour or so , it might even seem like this could possibly be the best video game ever . But , a few hours into it the fun abruptly stops . You are forced to perform menial tasks and `` missions '' that mostly involve trying to find where in the hell some particular planet might be , then locating some little object somewhere on that planet and then bringing the object back to the jerks who sent you off to get it . Chores , freaking chores
 SporeUntil EA removes their draconian DRM schemes , I will not buy another one of their products . It is ridiculous that they treat paying customers like pirates with this burdensome DRM system .
 the DRM is so stupid , it 's a shame because this could have been a fun game . we need to make sure EA knows that the terms of their ridiculous DRM is not acceptable . The game you pay $ 50 for has no resale value because it 's useless to anyone else , you are just renting the game .
 WOW , everyone else is so lucky that they even got to experience the DRM for Spore . I purchased the game , was charged and have receipt but the EA downloader does not work so I can not even download the game . When I sent EA an email they did not respond within 24 hours like their auto message said . Still waiting ... I have given up itunes for Amazon 's mp3 and I will never buy another EA game . So this game should get -5 stars since I can not even play the darn thing . I guess my creature failed . I lose .
 Thank you EA . Thank you for punishing people who pay you for the games you make . The people who pirate videogames are going to end up with versions that , while unable to connect with the Sporepedia , are going to be able to be run in 10 years -LRB- compatability issues with whatever OS is dominant at the time notwithstanding -RRB- . In 10 years , are whatever servers that spore authenticates with going to be online ? How about 20 ? I am sure you intend to keep the server up for a while . I would assume that the people who were running the Yahoo online music store and the MSN music store intended for keep their DRM authorization servers running forever . But , what happens if EA goes the way of the Dodo ? What happens when it does n't make business sense for you to keep the authorization server online ? What happens when someone has lost all the information they need to jump through your hoops to get an extra activation in 10 years ? What happens if you happen to catch the person on the other side of the line on a bad day , and they feel disinclined to help you?Why should the people who support you have to deal with this ? Why do those who steal from you deserve to have a less stressful experience with the game ? Piracy will happen one way or the other . The only thing you can do is to add enough value to purchasing the game that piracy results in an actual loss in value for the product . Punishing people for purchasing your game only drives people to piracy or simply to not playing your games . Either one is bad for you.EA , I want to buy Spore . I really , really want to buy the game . And you know what ? I will . The second that I am not treated as a second class gamer for having the audacity to pay for my copy of Spore is the second that I purchase a copy . If there are any still left , I will get the Galactic Edition . If you never fix the DRM issue present in this game , then you lose my sale , I lose out on playing Spore , and you lose a lot of respect from me and gamers like me -LRB- which judging from the number of reviews is probably not a small number of people -RRB- .
 I 'm a frequent Amazon customer from Singapore and would like to ask it not to stock such games which treat customers like pirates . I feel cheated by the copy protection which prevents me from fully enjoying the game.This game should come with a consumer warning on the label ! `` Only installs three times . '' Absolutely ridiculous . I 'm furious .
 If you support the tactics that EA has implemented for this game , then you hate freedom and gaming .
 Here is a game which was already cracked and available online a week before you could buy from a retailer legitimately . Yet they still do n't get it and make people who want to buy the game suffer . I want Will Wright -LRB- sp ? -RRB- to make a lot of money , I want to support him and buy his games . But not going to happen until they make a SKU with this junk removed .
 The digital rights management limits an individual to only three activations prior to the game no longer functioning ; thus if you 've ever : A. Had any type of malware -LRB- virus , trojan , worm , spyware , etc. -RRB- B. Reinstalled Windows.C . Upgraded your hardware.D . Had any computer problem not listed in A , B , or C.This game is not for you .
 Jeez EA you really screwed up this time . I ca n't believe you made the DRM allow only 3 freakin installations ! I can already tell there are probably hundreds of reviews just like mine but im just throwing my opinion out there . Well , I got ta say the game is really actually great , but once you spend your $ 50 on it you technically are n'tbuying it bu RENTING it.Don ' t buy this game ! Atleast not yet wait until EA finally gets smart and fixes this . Great job Maxis , this is a great game . EA , you suck .
 This game 's DRM -LRB- digital rights management -RRB- is very inconveniencing to the legal customer . While pirated copies of the game are freely available on the internet -LRB- without any hassles like phone-in registration etc -RRB- , the publisher EA pesters me with strict procedure on a $ 50 purchase . I do n't like to be treated like a criminal , so it was a wasted purchase - because if you install the game three times it WILL STOP TO WORK . So my recommondation is
 This is crazy !!! Are they coping from Microsoft 's book or something ? I 'm not going to buy this game or another EA game 'till they respond to this limitation . This is ridiculous . Having DRM is one thing because I do n't mind to activate a product when I purchase it . However , limiting the number of activations is absurd !
 For a game that spent as much time in production as this did , and considering how much hype was out there about it this game turned out to be incredibly narrow and dissapointing.The initial development content seemed solid , but each individual evolutionary phase lasted far too short . a 51/2 hour gaming stint took me to the endgame w/out TRYING or focusing on speed.there is almost ZERO replay value in this game the way they released it , simply because the process you follow is almost exactly the same , the only differences being a couple of minor decisions of wether or not to be friendly or aggressive.All in all , it 's just more reinforcement to never purchase a game again that has the EA label on it , moreso because of hte DRM rootkit that they installed with the software .
 I 'm sure your games not that bad , but I will never know for sure ; never installing a game with DRM . Sorry.Delete my comment , and I 'll never purchase again from Amazon . Yes , we 're gamers , and we 're spiteful when we feel disrespected .
 Regardless of your stance on DRM reviews should never be deleted . I am highly disapointed that amazon has done this for the sake of sales . Please restore all review for this product . Until this has happened Amazon will never see another cent from me .
 The biggest point against it is ... The game simply is n't worth validating a `` draconian DRM Management Scheme '' . Point two Linux guys are the guys that would play this game and contribute to it , but is not able to run even under WINE . So screw you EA I wo n't pay you , unless you remove DRM and make a Linux Port , then I would gladly pay for a good piece of gaming software.DRM is defective by design , therefore the game is defective before it ever comes out of the box . Do n't even try using VM or WINE to run it on Linux !
 `` I was really looking forward to this game - until I learned it had jumped on the DRM bandwagon . On the same principle I would not buy Mass Effect . The only way to stop this intrusive ` feature ' from propagating as an acceptable aspect of software is to not purchase the ones who think it is an appropriate solution/addition . ''
 What ? You want to charge more than $ 7 for a game rental ? In the age of GameFly ? C'mon , even Blockbuster is having a laugh at your expense!Don ' t both with this DRM laden trash . This is a giant step backwards when even the RIAA is warming up to open / mp3 licenses .
 Like many others , I downloaded the Creature Creator freeware and played with it . It was fun . But I do n't like the extra restrictions that their software monitor everything I do . Then I read more about their Download Manager and the full set of restrictions that came with the game . It took well over an hour to get rid of that free `` gift '' from EA . I do n't buy DRM music -LRB- thank you Amazon -RRB- and I wo n't buy DRM games either .
 The demo was fun . I was really looking forward to this until I found out about how the DRM was implemented as well as the number of installs you can do . No ordering for me until they change this .
 Spore is a great game , and is well worth the time waiting for it . But the insane DRM makes it difficult to even get the game to run . We had to spend almost two hours searching the internet to be able to get it to run . That 's NOT acceptable . Who ever made the decision to use that , should have their employment terminated . EA needed to hit a home run with this game , instead its likely to fall flat , simply because of the DRM . The tragic part of this is that this does NOT stop the pirates . All it harms are the games legitimate owners . This nonsense needs to stop NOW .
 EA seems to think that my computer is n't mine . They seem to think that they can choose whatever gets installed on my machine via their draconian DRM , -LRB- heretofore referred to as the evil Dr. M -RRB- . Well , I do n't have anything much against your average Dr. M -LRB- I buy games off of Steam for heaven 's sake -RRB- but when it goes as far as EA 's , then it 's time to boycott.EA , when the general consensus among your fans is the buy the game and then pirate a copy to install , you 've done a bad thing .
 I was excited about this game when I recently saw it had come out . I had forgotten about this game , but I logged on to buy this game for my wife this evening ... thank goodness I read the reviews posted on Amazon . The game looks like a fantastic concept and lots of fun creating our own civilization of creatures , BUT the DRM was the deal killer . I am not a fan of a company -LRB- EA -RRB- installing programs on my computer which I can not remove and if I do finally get to do it I lose an activation and download of the game -LRB- ONLY 3 -RRB- . To me this is extremely messed up that those who pay for the game are the ones who get the shaft in the end . I hope EA reads these reviews and the unhappiness of those who would have bought the game and see the amount of money they have indeed lost by having the DRM as part of the game . I guarantee the amount of money lost by the honest paying individuals is far greater than any amount they would have lost to piracy . Get the DRM out and the money is yours EA .
 First off , let me state that I did not purchase the standard retail version of this game . I had heard all about the retarded DRM scheme guaranteed to piss off paying customers while not affecting pirates in the slightest . I was determined to avoid this at all costs and I did.When EA announced it would allow Spore to be bought on Steam using only Steam as the DRM I found that acceptable , and they discounted the price so I got a much cheaper and better deal than if I had gone to a retail store.I 've installed it and played the game a bit and it IS fun ... but only for a while , and then it 's just old . The game as promised back in late 2005/early 2006 was an exciting game concept that would allow you to create a creature , have it evolve and your abilities would depend on how you evolved it . The end result is a simplistic mini-game collection that 's loosely related to each other.The Cell stage is fun , but it 's over in 10 minutes or less ... That 's good though because there really is n't much to do in the cell stage but eat or be eaten , and to collect parts . Speaking of Parts , there 's only 3 kinds of mouths , 3 kinds of weapons , 3 kinds of eyes and 3 kinds of movement appendages . 12 pieces to get in total.You start out as a herbivore or a carnivore . If you want the ability to eat both , you either have to kill a cell with the omnivore mouth part , or you have to put two mouths on your creature -LRB- one carnivore and one herbivore -RRB- . After you have grown a certain number of times , it tells you that you 've grown a brain and it 's time to move to land . You get 3 choices of feet to add , and you only have enough points to add one pair of legs at this point , so everyone pretty much looks so much like the same damn creature , I say to them `` You want Ice cream cone ? '' and they all say yes.During each phase you 're presented with a short tutorial on the movement keys and other simple tasks , but annoyingly enough , these have never gone away for me ... YES I KNOW , press the middle mouse button or the left and right buttons together to move the camera . You do n't have to tell me every damn time I play the game , but you do anyway . : -LRB- EDIT
 Spore is a travesty for several reasons :1 . For all the talk about its `` grand scope '' , the game is terribly linear and boringly simple . It steals from other , better games , without actually achieving any semblance of their fun gameplay . There are hundreds of more entertaining flash games online .2 . Spore 's ratings in video game magazines and websites are almost all either the highest or next to highest rating available . That a mega-corporation probably has the influence to insure this is beyond doubt . Spore is going to sell millions of millions of copies because of this . The sheep will follow the herd .3 . At any point , you can entirely redesign your creature . Evolution plays no role in this game - you can instantly switch from a screen filling creature with 1000 eyes to a bug sized creature with a pink mohawk . Therefore , there is n't any planning , strategy , or insight involved in creature creation .4 . Because multimillions of other gamers are going to create other creatures , the chance that your invention will have an impact on anyone else 's gameplay is negligible.I hate spore . I hate spore for getting me excited about the future of gameplay , and offering me the future of corporations scamming the consumers . I hate that spore will be lauded as an achievement .
 What the hell , EA ? Why would you trash a game that so many people have been eagerly anticipating by forcing them to install a program which is practically spyware ? I might have tried this game , but I 'm not going to consent to be guilty until proven innocent in order to do so.There is nothing good about Digital Rights Management . It 's a short-sighted solution that basically screams `` we do n't care about our customers '' . I wo n't tolerate it , and neither should any other customer.Forget it .
 Only after seeing so many negative DRM related reviews on here can I realize why I 've gone through so much torture with EA games!My wife loves Will Wright games , but I am simply fed up with the installation procedures of the most recent games.We had to install Spore THREE times to get it working correctly and this is on a two month old HP desktop in full working order will ALL driver updates for ALL parts . Quite simply , the DRM practices are so strict that the process of installing the game only works some of the time.All in all ... it took us two hours to get the game started.This is actually a small improvement from The Sims 2 and all of the expansions for that ... quite simply , our old computer refused to recognize that there were even discs in the drive until I spent hours figuring out how to move the files to the hard drive and forcing an install from there.I am fed up with EA . Spore was hacked and leaked days before its release ... but it 's those of us that wait , pay and do things legally that suffer?Beware , software returns are strict and you may never get this game up and running .
 Glad I saw this on CNET , http://tinyurl.com/5qc7lq , before I went out and bought it . Only 3 installs and then I have to buy it again ?!? I am constantly tweaking my machine and that sometimes requires I reinstall the games too . Way to go EA ! You just lost a customer who WAS really excited about purchasing this game .
 It 's strange how you can make no changes to your system other than installing a game like Spore and it begins to bluescreen and crash . I do n't know what exactly their DRM is doing but I 'm going to have to reformat the drive and reinstall everything to get back to a stable box now.Thanks EA ! I did n't need to spend that time with my family , I 'd much rather rebuild my box because you needed drm on a game .
 This game is quirky and has it 's fun moments . I feel for the designers here because it had a long development cycle and has some depth to it but what the fine folks at EA have done is had a piece of artwork commisioned and then promptly upon receipt said `` Thanks '' and then took a dump on it by saddling it with their ridiculous DRM . I 'm what I consider to be a rare breed , there is not a single piece of copied or pirated media in my house . I pay for everything knowing that by doing so I support or `` vote '' for the artists that I like best . As many reviews prior have stated , this 3 install limit mechanism and the sneaky way that the DRM is loaded to your machine essentially treats upstanding paying customers like myself as potential criminals and makes me pay for the sins of those that do not like to pay for their fun . I already pay a higher price per item to absorb the losses of the copies stolen by pirates . Now I have to endure more abuse at the hands of the publishers . Count me in the column of not buying any more EA products . I wish I had checked user reviews like this prior to spending my money and doing the install . Once again apologies to the developers . . it 's a shame that EA has to spoil it for all of the legitimate users and buyers and force us to respond to their nonsense by thrashing the user opinion boards . Developers , keep up the good work and find a better employer . Publishers , keep up this DRM -LSB- ... -RSB- and you will hasten the death of PC gaming .
 I remained silent when Bio Shock came out , I did n't say anything when Mass effect was released , but I will speak out now!EA , please take note . I have been a fan of yours for years and years . I have always trusted your brand name until this past year.I am not a pirate , I have never stolen any games yet you treat me as such . Look at the reviews ! You are losing the hardcore gamers . We , who willingly throw down money which should have gone towards next weeks groceries are looking elsewhere for entertainment.Why have you implemented this DRM ? Is it to combat used game sales ? If so , then you are arrogant and greedy . Imagine if you went to sell a used book only to find out the publisher would n't allow it to be sold . Or better yet , the book would erase itself after being put on the bookshelf more than 3 times . Selling your used furniture , sorry , it will self destruct after being moved 3 times.Worse yet , you leave software running on our PCs even after the game has been removed . You call it anti piracy , I call it malicious spyware and an intrusion of privacy . Since when did gamers invite EA to become a permanent member of their computers?We are gamers . We upgrade our hardware when we can . We like doing it , we love doing it . Just because we build a new computer and piece meal our old one does n't give you the right to prevent us from reinstalling the game . Who are you to judge if we have legally upgraded our computers?I am not a pirate , I am a gamer . I upgrade , it is what I do . I am your core audience , yet you spurn and abuse me.We are not your enemy . Going after the pirates without impacting your customer base is the only way you will be able to combat piracy.We , who are your core audience are voicing our opinion , please listen . Please remove the DRM . Let us own the game and not rent it.I WILL NOT purchase this game until the DRM is removed . The pirates have already broken your DRM scheme , why punish those of us who only want to play a game and have great memories ?
 DRM schemes such as this , which only serve to hurt paying customers are the main reason I have all but stopped buying PC games.This system requires an activation server , and based on EAs track record it 's practically guaranteed that EA will shut down these servers in a few years after EA has decided that the game is in `` legacy '' status , which means that all the customers who bought the game previously will no longer be able to use it .
 Game play is dull and repetitive until Space level , and the DRM is phenomenally poor .
 EA Limits how many times you can install this game.If you install this game more than 3 times ever , anywhere , over any period of time you must contact EA and provide them with a proof of purchase and explain why you needed to install this game more than 3 times.They do not have to give you the ability to install the game a 4th or more time . They can simply say no and you 'll have to buy another copy.I will not buy a product with such security measures as it punishes too many innocent people .
 I was planning on buying this game and installing it on a brand new PC -LRB- since my laptop does n't meet the minimum requirements -RRB- , but there 's no way I 'm paying EA $ 50 to infect it with mal-ware . The discussions and reviews here have been very helpful in providing the truth about DRM and SecuROM , something that EA seems to be trying VERY hard to conceal from consumers despite their claims that is a positive addition to the game . How interesting.I hope these reviews help consumers make an INFORMED DECISION on whether they really want to purchase this game or not . Knowing the facts certainly helped me.Count me among your lost sales on this one , EA .
 I 've been eagerly anticipating the release of Spore , only to find out at release that EA is assuming that if I buy the game , I 'm a thief . Why would they decide to treat me like this ? I was fully intending to pay for the game , and to recommend it to my friends . I 'm an honorable person.Perhaps EA misinterpreted the huge anticipating for this game as criminal , rather than fan-based ? If so , they read this user wrong . Or perhaps they allowed their marketing team to make the product decisions , rather than the game developers . The former are only interested in making money , rather than making the best user experience possible.In any case , I 'm so disappointed that EA would treat me like this .
 I play games on a desktop pc in my office , and on a laptop in the living room . I also frequently rebuild my machines and upgrade hardware . I am interested in the online community that will follow this game , however I will not support such strict measures in copy protection . I have canceled my pre-order and may purchase later once this limited activation process is removed .
 Looks like an interesting game , however after reading about the DRM that is included with the game , I refuse to purchase the product . I hope you 're listening EA .
 Boo to the DRM . I will not purchase this game unless it has been removed or loosened . I mean ... whatever happened to the good old serial number - they would just make sure the same serial number is not signed in twice simultaneously . . That worked pretty well . I got banned from playing counter strike a few times due to that .
 Having read about the DRM which is implemented with this game , I cancelled my pre-order with Amazon .
 Spore has been the most hyped game in recent years only to end up as a watered down combination of multiple other game genres . It tries to do too many things with the various stages and none of them reach full potential . It can be fun at times but definitely not a masterpiece or even game of the year quality.Also , the DRM in this game is definitely cause for concern . I bought Mass Effect which also uses the Securom DRM . It in effect , requires you to be connected to the Internet to play the game you BOUGHT and it can only be installed -LRB- activated -RRB- three times . It was my fault for not researching Mass Effect in detail before buying the PC version and I ended up with a game I know I will not be able to play 10-15 years from now.I will not make that same mistake by buying Spore . No thanks , EA . You can keep your DRM and I 'll keep my money .
 Vote with your wallet . DRM = no sale . Here is a challenge for Amazon , take down this game !!!!!!!!!! Hey it worked for Russia !
 Why would I pay $ 50 to rent this game ?
 First of all , I 've played various parts of Spore and loved them . But I ca n't give this game five stars , nor four , nor three , nor two . Not at all . Why ? Because of SecuROM.EA , we 've been putting up with this crap since Bon Voyage , and it 's time for it to end . We 're tired of you treating us like we 're going to pirate the game . This stuff is n't going to stop piracy . It 's going to drive people who would normally buy the game honestly to piracy . This game is going to sell like hotcakes , and you 're more than likely going to have these -LRB- 2,000 and counting ! -RRB- reviews removed and ignore them . Why?Why do you feel it necessary to persecute your entire range of potential customers with this horrible spyware known as SecuROM ? Because some people are going to pirate it ? You 're giving the pirates exactly what they want and screwing the honest consumer over . I for one refuse to pay $ 50 for a game that I only get to install three times . Heck , I refuse to pay any money for a game installs spyware to monitor my system . EA , take a look at Stardock , or at the very least , Valve . Stardock releases all of their games 100 % DRM free and has been widely praised for it . Steam sucked at the beginning , but it 's awesome now , and does n't spy on you.So please , guys . I was so looking forward to this game , but I refuse to buy it until you begin releasing DRM-free versions or , better yet , providing a patch to completely uninstall SecuROM from a user 's system and sever its ties to any of your games . I will never buy another one of your spyware-laden products again , but I 'll be first in line for DRM-free . Come on , guys . For once , listen to your fans . -- Update from January 9 , 2009I bought the game a couple weeks ago on Steam . It 's a very good game so far ; I 've just started the Civilization stage . I highly recommend picking it up on Steam , as it 's a good game . My one-star review for the SecuROM-infected retail version still stands .
 If EA ever turn off their activation servers , this game will stop working ! Do n't think it ca n't happen . Fans of Major League Baseball , customers who purchased Circuit City 's DIVX format , people who believed Microsoft 's Plays For Sure campaign , and many others have all gotten the short end of the DRM stick before.What is DRM ? Basically , DRM is a scheme that is designed to make things more difficult for paying customers in the misguided attempt to fight piracy . Ironically , the people who pirate these sorts of things often take the DRM out , so the pirates often end up with a BETTER product than the paying customers . I 'm not suggesting you should pirate the game . There are a lot of entertainment choices out there though . I would n't `` buy '' this unless you would n't mind if it mysteriously stops working one day and you enjoy calling customer support hotlines to prove your innocence -LRB- assuming they 're still taking your calls -RRB- . Buyer beware .
 This game is both not much fun and involves pretty horrible , draconian DRM . First , this game essentially combines five different gameplay styles and systems into one , which sounds nice in theory . However , it also means that the game has not focused on any one of these play styles well at all , and thus you get a game that is nothing more than a cheap knock-off of five other games . This does n't result in a fun time - it just makes me want to play those other five.Furthermore , the DRM , or digital rights management , of this game is atrocious . The way you are limited to three installs before having to call the company is frustrating and pointless . Essentially , the company is saying that their customers are probably criminals and need to be treated as such . Ironically , those who do pirate the game do not have to put up with such treatment -LRB- otherwise the game would be unplayable for them -RRB- . So , the criminals are not harassed , and the paying customers are treated like pirates.The frustrating and demeaning DRM combined with the fact that the game is n't good to begin with , leads me to my rating of 1 star . Not only is this a poorly made , uninspiring game , but a message needs to be sent to publishers that such heavy-handed tactics are not appreciated are tolerated . Hence , I 'm recommending that you not buy this game .
 I recall meeting and talking with Will Wright at an early SF MacWorld . He was standing alone , mostly ignored , trying to generate interest in a new game he 'd developed called SimCity . Delightful guy , and I ended up writing a few articles for the early SimCity Newsletters distributed by Maxis.I skipped all the Sims bits , but have followed the Spore trail for a couple of years , reading interviews with Will about his vision for the game . I do n't think the released Spore has more than a tiny bit of that vision . Dumbed down , loaded with DRM - sorry , but I think EA 's influence has won out . Here 's hoping Will revolts along with the rest of us .
 I 'm very sorry to join the loud voices against the game and the publisher 's decision to use such intense DRM . I understand the business challenge of piracy and condemn anyone stealing software . It 's sad that we have come to this tragic position .
 I was thinking about buying Spore . No more -LRB- hey , this rymes -RRB- after reading aboutthe ridiculous DRM they are using ... 2 THUMBS WAAAAAAAY DOWN
 I had followed Spore 's progress over the last few years extremely carefully and had pre-ordered it from my local software store . It arrives , I pick it up , and when it installs I enter SecuRom hell . It refuses to activate . I have just spent the last 8 hours trying to get the copy of a game I pre-ordered to admit that I own it .
 Do a google search of Securerom before buying this game . Then decide for yourself if you still want to install this on your system . Myself , I prefer not to allow this sort of software on my machine . A pity too , as I have been waiting for two years for this to come out . Until EA provides a patch to remove securerom from a systems that Spore is installed on , and still allow it to run , I 'm going to take a pass on it .
 This game has a terrible copy protection mechanism that can prevent you from playing the game you 've purchased if you upgrade your computer , have more than one computer you want to play it on , or do not have internet access . If more than one of these issues apply it will compound the problem.I will under no circumstances buy this game .
 I do n't know what to say that has n't already been said . I expected more , deeper gameplay . I expected my evolution to matter more . I expected the character , vehicle , and building designs to have a greater impact than simply choosing the fastest legs or biggest guns I could afford.When I got to space , I was almost instantly bored by the tediousness of zooming in , zooming out , clicking , zooming back , only to deliver 1 thing to some alien or annoyingly scan every single species on a planet . I got tired after about 4 pirate raids on my home world pulled me back from being on the edge of boredom while trying to find the one last critter I had n't scanned yet on some planet for some mission that did n't get me anywhere near enough money to even buy anything fun anyway.Bah.And then there 's the sucky DRM ... Lame.Sigh . So sad .
 Honestly , the only real complaints I have with the game play are in the Space Stage . I was enjoying it up to that point , but it has truly ruined the game for me . Trying to manage more than a couple colonies is almost impossible , because they are constantly being attacked for no reason and I spend all my time fending off pirates and `` Unknown UFOs '' . I have no time to build relationships with other races , and forget about trying to terraform your own worlds . What should be a relaxing part of the game -LRB- like building your creature or spaceship -RRB- is again impossible , because you are always being pulled away from whatever you are doing by something else -LRB- usually another alien attack -RRB- . It is completely nonsensical , and plays as if the game was not even play tested beyond the fourth stage . Absolutely infuriating . If they had included an option to simply turn off the combat , I doubt I would be writing such a poor review , because I 'd have the chance to enjoy all the other great aspects of the game . Alas , I have only had the chance to enjoy the monotonous combat -LRB- which is lukewarm at best -RRB- . There is so much to do in the space stage , and it is all overshadowed by babysitting your helpless colonies.Also , as most other people have mentioned , the game 's DRM is an awful choice on the part of EA . I myself have a room full of computers , and should be able to install the game on all of them if I so choose -LRB- or a hundred computers if I owned them , what difference does it make ? -RRB- . After all , it was my hard earned $ 50 I shelled out . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've bought the game . I stood in line at Wal-Mart and had a great conversation with the Wal-Mart employee while I waited for the unveiling of the game . I had waited 2 years . Then the game came out of the box.I rushed home to wait 45 min to the install . It was 12:45 by the time the install was completed . No biggie . I could n't wait anymore . I got on the game . I stayed up until 4pm that Sunday morning playing the game . I was already in the end of the tribal age before I went to bed . I was taking my time like drinking good wine . I like to at least enjoy the game a bit . I woke up to continue playing the rest of the day that afternoon . I was already in the space age before I went to sleep . Since then , the space age is just too tedious for me . There is nothing great to it . It is like a math game for kindergartners . I wo n't lie - it did make me feel like I was great because I finished the game so quick.CONS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- After 2 years and constant teasing with the game , they could n't have made the game play just a little harder . I read many reviews before I decided to make my own . It is true . Someone said , `` There is something missing between each stage . '' Read the reviews before mine for the source . This person is correct . You start off as a cell and before you know it , you are in a space ship . By the time you start doing very well and want to take over more tribes or civilizations , it is already time to go to the next level . A big disappointment . And there is no random factor in it . There are only so many tribes to take out or befriend each time . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I also do not like the fact that you can not add more legs or heads or anything to make a stronger , faster , more mobile unit . -LRB- Example
 I 've wanted to love this game for two years now , and what was shipped was very engaging for a brief period , but ultimately not enough depth . The space phase is the only phase that lasts an appreciable amount of time . That 's not what we were promised , and I was a little sad that I got to spacefaring nation so fast and so uneventfully on my second play.After the initial awe and wonder wears off , all you 're left with is a very interesting content creation tool -LRB- Will Wright 's bread and butter -RRB- but the rest of the game is Jack of All Trades , Master of None . This game should have gone back into the oven to bake until the week before Thanksgiving . They would have still hit their sales numbers and had a better game.And to make matters worse , the Space phase , where you 'll live most of the game , is also where the game is most likely to crash.In my case I lost a 7 starsystem empire without saving , and learned my lesson . I started saving after every major game event -LRB- and sometimes before -RRB- . The game crashed several times , and everything was fine . Then I saved the game before a major event , and when I quit the game and restarted from the saved point , it crashed hard as it was loading . Reboot machine ? Crash . Change video and audio settings ? Crash . Diagnosis
 You **** with the customers , the one who built you up.Then you get screwed .
 Spore has been an outright disappointment . The game itself is not what I expected -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- , the years of waiting have really not been worth it , and the tyrannical copyright protection is abhorrent . Let me break this down.The Game : The game it self is not bad . It is fun to play , great for kids and adults alike , and has a bunch of cool concepts as you evolve from amoeba to galactic super power . The problem I have is that this all happens in about six to ten hours of play -LRB- at least it did for me -RRB- . The game , though kinda fun is over quick , not very deep on it 's way there , and really just does n't seem to have any staying power.The Marketing : This is where it gets REALLY bad . Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- decided to protect their investment by making the game include the most brutally over-the-top and invasive anti-theft tools I have ever seen . You ca n't play the game -LRB- not even single player ! -RRB- without an internet connection to verify your installation and CD-Key and you can only install the game three times before you have to call in an get them to reactivate it for you.What really makes this game kind of an `` idiot attacking the innocent '' is that EA is NOT stopping piracy or theft . This game was up for download for free -LRB- albeit illegally -RRB- a week before it 's release and that sub-legal download included home made tools that stripped the game of the need register online . I had high hopes for this game so I opted to buy it but in watching my friends in the dorms , neighbors and room-mates all play it early , and then seeing how many strings were attached for the legit copy ... no way I am buying this.Summary : I really do n't have a lot to say in favor of this game and I have only condemnation for the way it was marketed . Here is a game that was years of waiting for hours of fun and that tried -LRB- very much futilely -RRB- to stop piracy in such a way that they only really hindered loyal customers.Congratulations EA , you have made a game that , EVEN AFTER BUYING IT , gives me a reason to go steal it off one of many sites that proliferates cracked and pirated software . You have hurt not the thieves , not the pirates , but the only loyal customers you would have had.In Short : If you know someone who has it sure give it a play through but I would not dream of paying for a -LRB- uselessly -RRB- overprotective game that ultimately really was not that much fun .
 Spore tries to combine many game types all into one game . The gameplay is too simplistic in the first four stages of creating your creature . All you do is move , eat , attack/charm . Until the space age , the game will be boring for anyone who has played a decent game before . The game also limits game owner 's to one account and 3 installs . Other cons
 EA - What is wrong with you !?? You infected my PC with this DRM crap , causing me to uninstall and reinstall 3 times - Now you want me to BUY another copy of the game ?? ! Well , off to the torrrent site I go for a FIX . Thanks for nothing .
 I love this game . I 've spent way too much time playing it in the past 3 days and have n't even gotten close to exhausting the amount of fun I will get out of the game . I highly suggest playing this game ... . note that I did not say `` purchasing this game . '' Do NOT do that ! We , as consumers , must show that we will not stand for DRM . I love Maxis more than most and wish there was a way to give THEM my money -LRB- I 'd pay twice what they are asking for this game if it could go straight to Mr. Wright and Mr. Braun -RRB- but I refuse to give EA a penny for the crap that they expect us to take.Lets make this the most pirated game in history . Lets make it the example that disproves all of the half-baked philosophies behind DRM . Make it clear that we want to OWN the software that we BUY.Please Google these three phrases
 Spore as a game is very slow and not as neat as you are led to believe . Sim Tower is way more fun than Spore , so do n't waste your money . You do n't even get to own it you know ? You are purchasing 3 installs of the game and that is it . What if you get a virus or your hard drive dies ? You are simply out of luck .
 I actually bought the game and I have to admit that the concept is cool but the activation is lame and I 'm bummed that eventually I 'll probably run into the inability to play it without using the cracked version . I was also kind of bummed that some stages of the game are so short ... it seems there 's less flexibility than I imagined.Cheers for a good concept , hope you drop the cheesy-legitimate-buyer-thwarting DRM for Spore II !
 I bought this game to play on my macbook but I only installed it and never played it . I saw many review that it does n't play very well on the macbook . My is new and hope when i play it will be good . But also saw reviews where there is no evolution going on that u can change ur creature anytime and it will not have an effect on how u create it . Thats dumb . But with so many 1-star rating for the DRM I agree with many of the users opinions .
 I got suckered by the hype of this flop and am I upset . Not only is the gameplay over-simplistic it has zero replay value . Plus , now I have a rootkit installed on my machine . What kind of information is that collecting and sending back to EA ? EA will never again get any of my money .
 I am going to make this as balanced and as objective as possible . This is my experience with Spore :1 - I PURCHASED the game . Money changed hands , I took possession of a sealed box with ` the game ' inside it .2 - I took the box home .3 - My wife sees the box and she says `` did you check the reviews ? '' . `` I did read the pre-release reviews '' I say . Go to Amazon now and read the post-release reviews '' she says .4 - I read the reviews . They say that I ca n't run the game on more than 3 computers .5 - I think about it . `` Hmm '' I say to myself . If I buy a DVD , I think , I can play it on any player in my house . I can even lend it to my friends and they can play it on any of their DVD players , or on an Xbox , or a PS2 , or a PS3 -LRB- all available for purchase at Amazon.com , by the way -RRB- . Same with a book . I can read it in the bedroom , in the kitchen , take it to the beach , lend it to my friends , even sell it .6 - I count the computers in the house . I have 5 computers .7 - Very well , I say to myself . I must take it back to the seller and get my money back .8 - I do that , get my money back .9 - I would have kept the product and installed it absent the 3-computer restrictions.Now , just to make this very clear . I DID experience the product . In the same way , let 's say , you experience some Camembert cheese by smelling it , without necessarily ingesting any . Or you would experience a bag of bananas . You can see if they are rotten without having open the bag - so you COULD write a review of Camembert `` it stinks '' or of brand X of bananas `` they are rotten '' without necessarily digesting or touching the product .
 I have n't played this game at all ; and do n't intend to . If it has DRM - I refuse to own it ; regardless of the method of acquiring it.Besides , I expected the game to be a failure when I first heard of its premise . I knew that it could n't be carried out in a single game.And after having read the reviews -LRB- despite drm -RRB- about the game - I realize I was correct ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 OK , I 've been playing this for quite a few hours now because I did n't want to write any review without experiencing most of the game . To sum up ... The good
 Great game but the DRM limit of three installs makes this a rental ! I enjoy going back and playing old classics . I still install the original Diablo and Diablo2 when I get a new PC . This game will be a coaster after the 3rd install . Wake up EA and treat your paying customers with respect . The pirates will and already have bypass your schemes .
 I have no beef with the game , it 's fun and addictive . Did n't live up to the hype , but the hype was pretty intense.See other comments for interesting tips on the DRM ...
 Most of the reviews giving this game one star are DRM related . I am here to rate the game based on its merits only , and I give it one star . Of all the levels the cell level is actually the most fun . The other levels are just repeats of different games and the complexity added by adding different features to creatures , tribes or in space does n't do as expected by making the game more fun , it just adds to the frustration.I got bored with the game in the creature level . It is just not as open ended as I 'd expected . By the time I got to space level I was really annoyed , and little things that happen along the way just make it more annoying ... some things others have written about , like the frustration of needing to explore space , but being constantly bombarded while far away from home and getting the nagging reminders . I did not like it and would not recommend it . Heaven forbid you are thinking of buying the upcoming expansion packs too ! EA/Maxis == money making machine ! = fun .
 This game was supposed to be _ the _ sim game ... probably of the decade , evolving from a single microbe to interplanetary space travel.I wanted this game because it was supposed to be something more than your average sim . Instead it 's a bunch of average sims slapped together , dumbed down , and graphically enhanced . It would be nice if creature designs mattered more outside of cosmetic appeal as well .1 just for the drm , I ca n't count how many times I 've uninstalled/installed some of my favorite games.Want to play diablo2 ? load it up and go ? Sick of it after a few months ? Save the hard drive space . Reformat ? There goes an install ! New computer ? there goes an install ! 3 installs is laughable at best . The hassle to get new activation keys in not worth the hassle.I _ like _ that I can still fire up my old games now . If I look back at Spore 5 years from now and feel like loading it up , chances are I 'm screwed , do n't waste your money on this long-term rental as someone else called it .
 This is why people are complaining about this game . -LRB- Worth the read -RRB- What is DRM and is it bad?NeuroSplicer -LRB- at amazons forum -RRB- says : There are many forms of DRM schemes . STARFORCE was very effective in stopping piracy but did so at the expense of damaging people 's hardware
 Uninspired , dreadful gameplay awaits you . It 's fun the first time through -- Minefield has better replayability . Go buy Sim City 4 or Sims 2 if you want a better game .
 I was really disappointed when I learned that EA had failed to remove SecuRom from the final release of Spore . This DRM scheme is unfortunately an extreme example of companies treating paying customers like criminals , while the criminals with their DRM free pirated copies get a better overall user experience.I really wanted to give you $ 50 EA , but I 'm sorry I just ca n't . All of these negative reviews should be showing you that this sort of DRM is intolerable .
 I was really looking forward to this game , but after researching the DRM software used in this game , I decided to get my money back and cancel my order for the game . I actually have no problems with receiving only 3 installs for $ 50 . To me , that 's reasonable , not great , but reasonable . But just do some basic research on SecuROM , a DRM strategy developed by Sony , who also brought us a rootkit that incapacitated many peoples ' computers , and ask yourself , do you really want to spend $ 50 to install a game that comes with such malware as SecuROM ? I for one , will not touch this with a ten-foot pole . I do n't want SecuROM on my computer , calling home everytime I run the game . After researching the DRM , I decided I do n't want to muck up my system with this .
 I 've got three kids . First one to play the game could log-in to his EA account and access on-line content . Second one tried , we got the message `` Log-in Failed . '' Tried resetting the password . Same result . Tried registering as a new user , got the message that the registration key could n't be authenticated , even though the disc was in the computer and there was no place to enter the key manually.So , for more than one person to play the game , you need another computer and another copy of Spore . Oh , and nothing on the box explains what the restrictions are . Huge ripoff.Edit : Talked to Tech Support . He advised me to use the one on-line account that was registered for all three users . He said we could create different `` profiles '' but I 'm not seeing it . I guess the kids will just have to share . This was not planned out well . It would not be a big deal to let each user have their own on-line account.Bottom Line is you can install on THREE computers . You can only have ONE on-line account . Buyer Beware .
 I was really excited about this game , I decided not to buy it after I leadned that actually I just rent it , with a right to install 3 times .
 Spore is one of the most long awaited games to be released this year . The critical response has been largely good . However , each and every one of those reviewers now has EA sponsored spyware , a glorified virus , that they can not remove , installed at super user level -LRB- In layman 's terms , that means the DRM program outranks YOU in your computer hierarchy . -RRB- . These draconian DRM measures are designed to prevent piracy , but hackers had DRM copies of Spore available on the internet within a day of release . Do n't let EA treat you like a criminal . You should never have to pirate a game you own to avoid 3rd party spyware . Do n't buy this game until the DRM measures are patched out .
 DRM sucks for this game and nothing you do really matters before the space stage anyway , then it just becomes repetitive .
 I was looking forward to this game because of the hype built up over many months . I purchased the game , and NOWHERE on the outside of the box does it say that it has Sony 's SecuROM DRM ! Had I known that , I would never have purchased the game in the first place . I 've had too many bad experiences , especially with Sony SecuROM in the past , to ever install it willingly again ! The only good part was that I found out about the DRM issue on the forums BEFORE I opened the package ! Otherwise , I would not have been able to return it!It is awful that DRM would be included in a product with NO WARNING to the consumer , and that opening a product with undisclosed DRM would keep you from being able to return it !! EA take note
 The concept for this game seems like a great idea . Too bad that many people , myself included , will , not be buying it and playing it due to incredibly restrictive DRM issues . I do n't enjoy being treated like a criminal on my own PC . What I do n't get is , that the manufacturer KNOWS that people who want to pirate this are going to and already have - the people who legitimately are going to buy this are the ones getting stuck with the incredibly bad DRM . It 's not stopping piracy , so DRM has failed.EA , please get a grip , issue a patch , and you 'll find many more people wanting to play your game.DRM is going to be the total death of PC gaming yet .
 After years in the making I expected something more complex and enjoyable . The game itself comes across as very simple . After playing for a few hours I found the experience completely forgettable . I 'm not sure who the target audience is exactly but I 'm doubting it 's anyone who enjoys any complexity in their gaming.The DRM system is a puzzle though , who bother developing a system that is so easily cracked -LRB- which it has been already -RRB- . You 're annoying your paying customers while the pirates get a smooth experience w/o any problems at all.Seems foolish but then again so is EA .
 throw me in the `` I was going to buy this but then I heard about the DRM '' bucket , as well .
 This game looks like it would be a fun way to interactively experience the theory of evolution firsthand , but the restrictive DRM is a deal breaker .
 I , like so many others , waited ever so patiently for this game . Years worth of hype , teasers and previews ... maybe that 's why EA thought they could get away with such pervasive and game-ruining DRM for this title.I know for a fact that they will not get my sale , and it 's certainly looking like MANY others feel the same way.EA needs to wise up very quickly , or this game will be a colossal failure on the level of the Atari 2600 's E.T. game .
 For those of us that occasionally like to format our hard drives , this game is no more than an expensive rental that will be ` returned ' upon the 3rd installation . And no , EA will NOT reinstate your license even if you call their customer support line . I simply can not support a company that treats their customers like criminals .
 I was only able to purchase the product five days after it has been on the piracy nets , and when I try to play it , the client wo n't correctly authenticate with EA 's servers , and let me play single player . The Pirates ? Been playing it fine for a week . Thanks EA , I 'll pirate the rest of your games in the future .
 Good job guys . Way to drive otherwise legit users to piracy . I 'd love to pay you for your product , but you 'll get my money on MY terms . . not yours . -LRB- should n't the person holding the cash hold the power ? -RRB- You 're bad at capitalism .
 As an avid gamer and a supporter of gaming industry , I have always been against piracy as it is equivalent to stealing and does not give the game developers their due.But to be treated like a thief and dictating me what I can or ca n't do with my purchase ?!?! I will not stand for it . EA you lose me as a customer and I will NOT buy this game .
 This game could have been the title that separated the PC from the consoles . Unfortunately , the game is pretty terrible . Graphics are dated and the game play is real dumbed down . I do n't really care about DRM because it 's never really affected me and I 'm all for ensuring the PC gaming has a future . Without DRM , PC gaming would be a free for all with everyone downloading games at will .
 When pirates got to play the game before the release date , there is no reason to treat your customers as potential thieves . While the game is okay , the limitation to 3 installs before you need to contact their customer support and beg them to reset it is crappy .
 I purchased Spore for my son as a birthday present . He 's been looking forward to its release since 2005 . When launched , the screen goes black -LRB- showing an hourglass cursor -RRB- , followed by a Windows error message due to a memory access violation . Several hours of work later , no change . Perusal of the support forums indicate that we were not alone.When I purchase a new game , I anticipate that there will be some initial glitches , but it should be possible to play it through to the end . A game which fails to run at all suggests that there are serious flaws in the publisher 's beta test and Quality Assurance programs . After all , other publishers manage to do this , right ? If it were possible to give a product a zero-star rating , I would give one to Spore.The experience has sickened my son on the game . He told me , `` A little part of me died tonight . '' Well , a little part of me did , too . A purchase intended to provide enjoyment during all-too-little free time for him resulted only in frustration . I can absorb the loss of $ 50 and chalk it up to experience , but the hurt and disappointment will be with me for a while.What do I want from Electronic Arts ? Nothing . Not now , and certainly never in the future .
 If EA wanted to rent me a video game , I 'd be a lot happier if they would come right out and tell me so , instead of putting up all these claims that they need `` Security '' that the thousands of pirates playing the game right now are not having to deal with , while paying customers are having to beg and plead for the right to play a game they bought . At least an MMO tells you about monthly fees before you open the box , a lot more honest than this stinker of a DRM scheme.Poor show EA , how did Will Wright get suckered into this mess ?
 The honest truth is , this game is great for the casual gamer . Its very simplistic , and requires almost no effort to get through the game until the space travel portion.It * IS * a lot of fun , and one of a kind.However ... The DRM sucks . They dont mention on the box , or their website , the simple fact that you will eventually NOT be able to run the game when they turn off the authentication servers . The DRM LIMITS you to 3 installs . That means I 'll likely have to try and convince them that I deserve to have another install after reloading windows to get rid of virus 's etc. ... and we all know THAT never happens.Awesome game . But the DRM problem outweighs any good benefits of the game .
 Looks like an excellent game . . but I wo n't be buying it . . ever.There are a million and 1 ways to prevent illegal copies , but this has to be the most daft one yet.Reinstalling the pc 3 times and calling Maxis/EA to have my copy reactivated ? No way.Thanks but no thanks .
 Let me mention the game first . Visual evolution means nothing . All that `` add new legs '' , make it taller , make it fatter , etc. . it has nothing to do with functionality in the game . The only things that matter are the parts which have point values . Put a +3 speed foot on one set of legs , and it wo n't matter how many other legs you add , or how many feet you add -LRB- or the types -RRB- . . it will always have +3 speed.The DRM was a nasty surprise . I wish I had waited to read the reviews . The requirements for the game did n't mention anything about needing an internet connection . However , I found I needed to get online to `` activate '' the game . I have 10 year old games I still use , from companies which no longer exist . I still sometimes install them on my new machines when I 'm bored . I hate the idea that Spore will not work someday because I 'll need to go online to activate with EA and their servers may no longer be functioning.I 'm very disappointed by the game , both functionally , and with the copy protection .
 I buy a ton of games . I probably would have spent the $ 50 just to check the game out just from the hype I 've seen . I can honestly say I 've never downloaded or pirated a game in my life , but I 'm downloading this game as we speak . Thanks EA for introducing me to this whole world of free games !
 The game has failed at many different levels . There is absolutely no incentive to do anything in the game . I think I have just wasted 50 $ over a piece of junk . Your actions and your creations have negligible impact on the story/gameplay . It is pathetic . The only neat thing about the game is various different creators and the concept of evolution in video games.And , the frustrating DRM scheme of 3 installs per copy is just ridiculous . Who do you think we are , EA ? Criminals ?
 EA 's DRM systems have ruined many a good game . I am very sad to see it happen to Spore :--LRB- Purchase at your own risk , buyer beware .
 the game starts off very fun but after about 10 hours you realize that most of the game is over . also the copy protection and limited activations leaves a foul taste in my mouth . overall i was a little disapointed with the game .
 SecuROM compromises multiple portions of the OS , including insinuating itself into the system to try to prevent you from using other programs -LRB- like ISO loaders -RRB- . It also phones home constantly and has the ability to launch code that it feels like using , invisible to the user.And there are many LEGITIMATE reasons to use an ISO loader - such as having a laptop that uses extra power to run the DVD drive , wasting time and battery power to use the DVD drive as an expensive dongle.If you want decent battery life to game on the go , the most common method is a secondary battery pack that replaces your optical media drive - meaning you HAVE to switch to either an ISO loader or else a no-CD crack for games that are trying to use the media drive that way .
 Buying the retail version does n't make sense . Why pay money for a crippled version when it 's easy to get an unlocked version for free ? I 've deal with EA support in the past , and that horrible mess has led me to download cracked version of games I legitimately own rather than waste more time with support . If I 'm buying a game , let me use it . If I 'm buying a license , then do n't make it horrible to deal with a scratch on the CD . A user should never have to pay for a second copy of a game because EA wo n't let them use the one they already own .
 I did buy this game , but before I opened the wrap , I found out about the DRM . Thank God I did . I am not paying $ 50 to rent a game . Three installs would n't get me through the damn year . Apparently EA thinks that only people who buy pre-made computers and never upgrade are interested in their games . Well Congratulations EA -- now your correct . Lucky for me it was still in shrink and could go back .
 EA wo n't be getting any of my cash if the insist on treating me like a criminal .
 I was really contemplating getting this game , until I saw the security measures . Reformatting a computer happens , and if you make it a hassle for your customers to recover a game they spent $ 50 on , then what is the point . Games are suppose to be about fun . not frustration . No , you wo n't be getting a dime from me . Also , the more I read , the more I hear how bored most people are with the game . Good job EA , you just alienated a huge percentage of your customer base .
 I 've been on Spore 's email list all summer , and was looking forward to it until I heard about the restrictions . I wo n't be buying until they change their mind . There 's plenty of other games out there .
 I was all set to buy Spore - I do n't buy many video games these days - and then thought to check on Copy Protection . Spore comes with a silent-installing , hard-to-uninstall piece of software whose security vulnerabilities go beyond simple copy protection into spyware territory . If there 's ever a Spore-Reloaded where the Rootkit has been removed , I 'll consider it , but for now , I 'm not going to buy , install or play Spore .
 When will these game companies figure out that punishing legit buyers only hurts their business . Pirates have the game without DRM . The only people that have to put up with it are the ones who have paid . The game sounds very interesting , but I will not try it until the DRM is removed . Thanks EA . You just saved me 50 bucks !
 The game itself is n't bad , the beginning is a little slow . Why I gave it the one star review is because of the DRM limiting it to 3 installs . This is completely unfair to the consumer.I 've uninstalled and reinstalled many games more then 3 times , and what E.A. has done here is complete BS . What make the thing even more ridiculous is that I 've read reports -LRB- only read mind you , not saying its true -RRB- that their are already cracked torrents with the DRM removed . So once again , pirates get the good version of the game while paying customers get screwed .
 More draconian DRM schemes and it is n't even outlined on the box . Obviously EA thinks that DRM somehow stops pirates but that is n't true . There are already pirate copies of Spore floating around on the net . Failure.What EA has succeeded at is making a lot of legit customers very angry . Truly I think you lose more money to people not `` buying '' your game than you would to the piracy you did n't even successfully stop from happening .
 To be honest , I was n't really expecting much beyond a rather silly diversion . I had already heard about the pseudo-scientific and unconvincing plotline , but it is , after all , a computer game . Unfortunately , after installing the thing -LRB- which took forEVer -RRB- , I was greeted with a message stating in no uncertain terms that my $ -LSB- ... -RSB- computer is a piece of junk and Spore would have nothing to do with it . Thanks for the shelfware , EA . By the way , how 's the competition going against Blizzard ?
 To call Spore an eagerly awaited title would be an understatement . You ca n't go to an internet forum anymore without finding at least 50 thread dedicated to it . I finally broke down and bought a DVD-ROM drive in order to play it -LRB- I know 5 years later but I do n't have time to play PC games like I used to -RRB- . It amazing to hear the almost universal dissatisfaction with the game not because of the game itself which actually does live up to some of the hype but because game companies do n't trust their consumers anymore.I 've said it before and I 'll say it again imposing some kind of ludicrous 3 strikes and you ca n't install policy is not going to stop dishonest people its going to make the honest ones reconsider buying from EA in the first place . Not only is it an insult its also a very bad business strategy .
 I played this at a friends house . Very neat , but not in terms of the DRM added to the code . No thanks , no sale .
 EA released two versions of this game . The superior one is the one that has been available for free on bittorrent since before the game was officially released . The version that EA wants you to pay for is crippled by sadistic DRM that converts an otherwise playable game into a $ 50 demo.If you want to play Spore , wait until EA relases a version without DRM . Only then will you actually be buying a game with your $ 50 and not renting one .
 I 've been burnt by this sort of thing before.I do n't appreciate purchasing a game -LRB- or music -RRB- , only to find out it has stopped working after a hardware upgrade , or to find out it has installed some secret junk on my computer that makes my computer vulnerable or slow , or to find that the game is useless because the manufacturer decided to shut down their DRM servers.Microsoft screwed its `` playsforsure '' customers who purchased a Zune . Sony installed a root kit on a number of unsuspecting customers machines . How can I be expected to trust spore?I 'll look elsewhere .
 If you wa n't to buy a product from a company that trusts you , this is not the product you should purchase . By purchasing this game , you are assumed guilty of piracy , and must contact the company should you want to install it too frequently . If this is how they see me , they will not have me as a future customer .
 I was going to purchase this game until I read the truth about the DRM installation . Why are they punishing paying users by making pirated versions far superior ? I wish to support Will Wright and the games he makes , but I can not do so with this issue standing in my way . Instead , I am going to wait until EA revokes all traces of its DRM before I purchase this game . If that never happens , then I am never buying it.And Blizzard , whatever vicious DRM you are planning for your next game , take notice of this . DRM only punishes paying users .
 EA has gone too far . At least let consumers unregister an install . Even Apple does that with iTunes ! Or charge $ 10 per install , fair compromise ? Or better yet , find a way to stop piracy that does n't punish paying customers .
 I was hoping so desperately that EA would recognize that the fans were demanding something greater of them just this one time . Ever since the Battlefield 2142 fiasco I 've refused to install any EA products on my computer . Spyware from a `` trusted source '' is still spyware . Judging from the sales of Spore , even just from pre-orders , EA wo n't be changing it 's policies any time soon . Big releases like this just further enable them to do whatever they want with minimal financial backlash , despite receiving brutal scathing attacks like these on the internet . Imagine if Spore had been a Valve game , freely downloadable from your Steam account wherever you have a connection , open to actual community modding . Blinded by hype , I was willing to forgive EA this one time , it 's not happening again .
 I am only reviewing Spore to show my disapproval for EAs ridiculous DRM scheme.I will not purchase it until there is a DRM removal patch .
 Chalk up another missed sale specifically * because * of offensive , ridiculous , and ultimately impotent DRM . I wo n't touch this thing with the DRM that it currently requires.EA -- are you paying any attention yet ? I had money in my hand ready to exchange for this product , and instead the money is going right back into my pocket . I 'll just go buy another Stardock game , where they treat customers like customers .
 I 'm a long time gamer , and I 've been very excited to finally play Spore . I had lost track of the game , and excitedly purchased it last night when I saw it on the counter . Before installing the game at home I noticed all kinds of complaints on the DRM , which limits the game to 3 installs along with unknown backdoor anti-piracy processes . I 've been planning on upgrading my desktop -LRB- which is very common for PC gamers -RRB- , and my laptop is in need of a format.Now I 'm stuck with a $ 50 game that I may not be able to play in the future , along with unwanted and unknown processes running on my PC . Why am I wishing I had pirated this game , despite the amazing amount of time and ambition from the developers ?
 I 've bought every Sim game there is ... SimCity , SimAnt , SimFarm , Sim ... you name it . I have been following the release of this for awhile and I ca n't believe this DRM stuff . I wo n't buy it , and this is sad because I have a hard time supporting stuff like this and I love EA games . I 'm going to have to really consider buying any EA games anymore .
 Draconian DRM will make you repurchase or call EA to beg for another activation if you have to reinstall more then 3 times on your computer from your purchased retail disk . This means that if your windows installation needs to be reinstalled for any reason and you reinstall the game you will use one of your 3 reinstallations . After you have installed this game 3 times you will be unable to play the game until you beg EA for another activation . How many more times might you have to reinstall the game in a few years , 4 times 5 times , or more ? Will EA give you more activation or will they treat you like a pirate and make it impossible for you to play the game that you paid $ 50 for ? So what this means is that the pirates who download the game will be able to reinstall it as many times as they want forever . I have already had to install the game 2x because of a hard drive failure.Sorry customer you lose when you purchase a Game from EA .
 Too bad the `` creator '' , sold out on this one.First of all , the idea is n't original , but like the iPod , it had the funds and the marketing to succeed this far.There is quite alot of great software and graphics here , but it just feels like any empty shell , a great idea hollowed out by greed .
 Another crappy game made by Will Wright.This took how many years to make?Whats funny is how the Spore Creature Creator is better than the real game .
 I thought this game was going to be really fun but I first had the problem of finding the code then typing it in . The 0s and Ds looked similar and so did the 6s and Gs . Then when I finally solved the code I was really exited when the planets , vehicles and creatures comes when the guys get sucked in the logo but I started on a planet my guy was invisible and did n't move when it was hatched from the meteorite . Next I started designing characters that was kind of fun when I made spore-casts when it finally worked but I wanted something more so I tried playing story-mode again and I could n't even get there because there was a bug and I had to debug it . Just so you know I have the latest software , newest laptop , lion and I always update . Then I tried making more spore creatures but there was occasionally a bug that I had to debug.Overall , I think you should not get this game for mac . It made my computer slow and I could n't see my spore guys and even if this does n't happen there a lot of other problems . So my opinion again is this
 I personally will never again purchase a secuROM infected game , i went through that jazz with bioshock , and it 's not enjoyable for anyone ... ever .
 Wow , I almost bought this game until I read about the Securom/DRM issues , thanks to all the posters here and on the other boards . I 'll actually consider buying it if they get rid of that garbage .
 It could have ben a great game . But the point of capitalism is
 Bought the game , installed it . After 1 day it stopped working . EA support unable to resolve the issue . Thousands of people experiencing same issue , DRM sux !! Aparently the cracked . exe fixes this issue ... DO NOT BUY UNTILL THEY RELEASE A PATCH & REMOVE DRM !!
 Joining the anti-DRM parade . If Oblivion taught us one thing , I thought it was that DRM did n't generate sales . I guess I was wrong : -LRB-
 As a paying customer , why do I have to be treated like I 've stolen or likely to steal this product ? And given the DRM track record , what guarantee do I have that this will still work in a year or two ? And I do n't want a bunch of stuff running in the background hogging up resources .
 Game seems good , not great , but what makes the game a 1-star is the security measures left on the game that gives the gamer significantly less power in the purchase and overall , much less ownership of the game.People will steal the game , sure . They 're going to continue stealing the game -- cracks are a fact of life.It 's a shame that they included this feature , considering that I 'd anticipated Spore for a long time . My exposure to it has been somewhat positive , but I 'm not going to give a company money that treats their customers this way .
 DRM ? Really ? Nothing screams `` out of touch '' more than this locked-down restricted-infected game . Utterly pointless and only fosters negative opinions .
 I feel cheated having bought the game only to realize that SecurRom DRM was rolled into this game . After dealing with the headaches of the three installation only policy for Bioshock and other intrusive policies that SecurRom implements , I vowed never to buy a game with the SecurRom DRM again . Its honestly less of a headache just to pirate games now days then deal with abusive copy protection policies . Instead of buying games from EA which seems to only use SecurRom , buy games from Stardock which ceased using intrusive copy protection . SecurRom punishes legit customers , and encourages piracy . I want to own what I buy , not sign a rental contract .
 I ca n't believe they would release a software that locks after three installs . That is simply unacceptable .
 I admit it . The game is fun . Okay , there I said it . But , will it be fun in 4 years when I want to play it again ? The short answer?No.Now , it 's not because I would have grown tired of it . It 's not because I will have analyzed all the subtle nuances portrayed all the strategies and made the most evolutionary creature possible . It 's because I wo n't be allowed to play it.Yes , that is correct . ALLOWED.The current copy protection scheme for Spore will not allow me more than 3 installs . EVER . Period . In theory I would be able to call EA and after convincing them that I am not a thief and a liar , they may allow me to install it one more time for a total of 4 installations . After that I should just take it and place a nice frosty beverage on it , because that is what it will be worth . A $ 49.99 table coaster , fantastic . How can a game whose entire concept is to evolve or die be so UN-evolutionary ? 3 re installs in not unheard of , nor even rare . I format my systems all the time and it 's already installed on two -LRB- One in my room and one in my den . -RRB- I thought copy protection was to protect itself from being played when not payed for . Not protect itself from the very consumer that paid $ 49.99 for it . Game Companies have proven the DRM is n't even deemed a necessary evil . * cough * Sins of a Solar Empire by Stardock * cough * * cough * But , leave it up to EA to step outside the box when it comes to such a tyrannical and suppressive system for it 's assets with protection that I hate to tell you if you look around has already been defeated . So , now the ONLY people that suffer from it is the paying consumer .
 2 stars for gameplay , 1 star overallWhy?While the game itself is a nice distraction for oh , about 3-4 hours ... you start to realize how repetitive it is.THe first stage , the cell stage , is over way too quickly , granted , it appears that it is meant to mimic some sort of top down arcade game , but I would have liked a little more.The second stage , the creature stage , really shows how much this game is lacking . Sure - the visuals are aesthetically pleasing , the creature creator is fun to fiddle with , but its the same routine - either attack or impress other groups until you have enough to move to the next stage . The creator also does n't accurately reflect certain aspects , as one reviewer said before , having extra arms or legs has no benefit or penalty to the gameplay , it just costs DNA points for nothing really . You can attach hands / feet to add stats , but you can max out without an extra pair of arms or legs . Looking at the achievements - kill x , or impress x number of groups ... Can anyone really see themselves doing that for the sake of just the achievement ? Its belittling , and boring.The tribe stage itself plays like a poorly executed RTS - its short , not very intuitive , lacks depth , and can be finished in about 5 minutes , without ever having to attack anyone . Literally - build a music hut , grab your instruments , head to the next tribe , offer gift , play music . Rinse repeat , adding instruments as you go . Boring , mindless.The civilization stage also played like a poorly executed RTS , and was ridiculously easy to beat , even on Hard.Finally , the space stage . I applaud the sheer volume of planets and systems , the different combinations of creatures you can come across . Maybe I 'm just a disgruntled player , but there WAS NO DEPTH . All encounters played out the same - either they are friendly enough to get relations going , or you blow them to smithereens . Granted , you can play it however which way you want , but no matter your playstyle , it plays out the same . There is no variety , and it gets boring , fast , especially after the first 15 minutes , when you get a steady income flowing.Also -- you sometimes head to planets -LRB- early on -RRB- and find yourself unable to combat enemy ships effectively -- giving rise to your overpowered trait weapon . After you get upgrades , these are a moot point . After getting 7k health and the best bombs / lasers , I did n't need allies . Hell , it got to the point where -LRB- and feel free to try this -RRB- , all you had to do to play to get through was go to any hostile planet , head straight to their city , launch 5 bombs , and capture the system . I managed to capture 5 CAPITAL WORLDS -LRB- ie 5 + cities -RRB- in mere seconds , without any effort , or need to kill enemy fighters.Yawn . & Then there 's the issue with the DRM / 3 installs . . which is why overall I gave it a 1 . Avoid this game . I made the mistake of buying it before I was aware of this -- but rest assured , no longer am I buying EA products , nor the expansions to this game .
 I 've been waiting to buy this game for the better part of two years . Unfortunately , EA is n't going to give me that option . Instead of treating me like a paying customer , they are assuming that I 'll never install this game more than three times . They are wrong . I am not going to trust EA to keep their activation servers up for as long as I might want to play this game.If I was offered a chance to actually * buy * the game , rather than paying $ 50 to do something much more similar to borrowing it for so long as they see fit , I might be convinced to do so . But as long as I , their paying customer , am a potential thief , I will have nothing to do with them .
 After all the trouble i 've had trying to deal with The Sims2 on my kids computer -- and i 've actually bought that game thrice now , since my girls are so enamored with it -- i 'll never buy another product that uses SecuROM or SafeDisc protection again . And that 's even though I , myself , have been looking forward to the release of this game for years.Generally speaking , all games that require insertion of the original CD suck . I have four kids -LRB- aged 2-11 -RRB- who all love computer games and look forward to PC time as rewards for doing chores and homework . But being kids , they 're rough on CDs & DVDs , whether movies or games.I 'm sick of paying ever-increasing $ $ $ for games that try to micromanage when and how my family can use them . The Malware crap that distributors are trying to push as `` rights management '' software is just an insult added to the injury of trying to safeguard the overly-sensitive media they 're written on.From now on , i 'm only buying downloadable software EVER again . Thanks alot EA , you friggin ' @xxhats .
 Why buy this game if EA is just going to treat you like a pirate ? They should get rid of the DRM and treat their buying customers with respect !
 I do n't even own the game , but the DRM scheme EA has setup is out of control . Something must be said . I personally own 4 different computers and to imagine the headache if I want to use the game on all of them plus ever reinstall is enough to not make me want to buy the game in the first place .
 Invasive and draconian DRM and a game that will obviously be charging for add-ons in the future ? No thanks . Too bad too , I was really looking forward to this .
 I agree with the other thousand or so reviews that are against DRM . If you install more then 3 times you no longer own the game , that is a rental to me . What ever happened to the copyright laws that say you are able to sell the legal copies you own of games ?? I do n't agree with stealing software but they need to come up with a better way .
 The camera controls do n't work well , I 've had nothing but problems since I installed as well . EA support is non existent . My computer also seems more sluggish , could this be the DRM?I guess I bought myself a `` fun '' reinstall.Quite honestly this game is just nowhere near as in depth as the hype made it out to be and I honestly want my money back . Please do yourself a favour and skip this one .
 The DRM stuff is annoying for sure but the game is even worse . They should have spent the money on making the game flow better instead of being a few loosely connected minigames .
 I was going to purchase this game , but have decided not to as I do not want to compromise my workstation with the securom virus.I played the demo and it looked pretty fun , pity about the DRM .
 As others have said the DRM turns this title into a $ 50 rental.The gameplay we were told about during the past couple of years appears to have been a pipe dream and we 're basically left with creatures of no consequence . s. . n. . o. . r. . e.I simply returned the game saying the DRM would not work on my computer and will not be buying any future EA games until well after they have launched and we know about their DRM status.Goodbye EA .
 I really object to comments about people who bristle at DRM as a `` group with an agenda '' -- since I do n't know any of the people posting here , I hardly would call us a group and we never met to have an agenda . It 's more fair to say that at this point over 800 unconnected people have found that they have a common cause and concern , namely a sociopathic developer with no empathy for the consumers who feed him . As a good citizen , I would never wish others ' computers to be bogged down and made slow with unnecessary processes . I would want to make it easy for people to enjoy and feel good about buying my game . The sad irony is that by making it painful for users to buy software , users turn to piracy as a recourse . Or do n't buy the game . I was really excited about Spore but now I wo n't buy it . I am not part of a group and I do n't have an agenda , but I do want my computer to remain light and nimble . I hope the developer is listening , and that he is a little hungrier tonight .
 DRM only burdens law-abiding customers who purchase the program . Pirates simply remove the DRM and share their results/cracks . Why punish your customers ?
 Thank goodness people are taking a stand against this DRM we live under . People should not put up with it . I have been wanting this game for months and months - now a coworker tells me it is crippled with DRM . Both he and I will not be coming anywhere near it . When you consider I typically have to buy 2 games -LRB- one for me , one for my spouse 's mac -RRB- and my coworker 's 1 game ... this is at least 3 sales they are loosing . I 'm sick of renting things.WAKE UP - DEMAND DRM GO AWAY .
 Just wanted to add my name to the list of people who wo n't be buying Spore as long as it 's encumbered with SecurRom DRM , despite the fact that I 'm dying to try it . I 've never once downloaded a game without paying for it , and , as someone who still goes back to play games purchased five years ago every now and then , I wo n't be forced by EA to `` borrow '' time on a game I 've rightfully purchased .
 Too bad this has such a terrible DRM scheme , because it was on my `` wish list '' for quite some time . However , I 've moved away from anything with DRM . I wo n't even purchase a game anymore if it requires a CD or DVD to be in the drive in order to play , after a bad experience with a company who refused to replace a game disk accidently damaged by my daughter . It is about time people started standing up and refusing to purchase crippled games like this one .
 I 'm a sole computer gamer , interested in RPG and RTS , and the modifying of both . I rarely do any reviews at all , and especially doing a review on anything made by Will Wright after I realized how boring the Sims franchise was . But after buying this product , that I 've been waiting for about 1 month for , I 'm truly disappointed at the bad structuring , lack of ideas , and lack of customization.I expected a fully customized world , creative body parts , nice dresses . All I got was pre-set/pre-made textures , ready-use-models , a lack of full customization , and a big , bad , DRM to seal the deal . The only thing useful using this would be to create Pokemon . And you ca n't even make a Pokemon world with it , since you ca n't choose what creatures inhabit your planet.There are only 30 types of jaws , barely enough to fit the variety of animals and human ideas we see TODAY . The textures have a base set of less than 100 , quite sad , considering that many other games that base themselves on customization have many more sets . The strangest thing was , that there are like 30 types of arms/legs . Really , people can more creative than 30 . Here 's some ideas
 I like many other people have been drooling over Spore for years now . The idea of a true all around `` God Game '' has gotten many people eagerly awaiting Spore 's release.While the game is simplistic it is fun non the less . Like Sims and most Maxis ' games the true enjoyment of the game is letting your world evolve and grow , the design over the actual Play.However the game has one massive deal breaker . This is the DRM rules , when you purchase the game.First , you MUST be online to install Spore . If your not online , the game can not authenticate and will not install.Second , this is the real deal breaker , you are only allowed 3 installs . I do n't know about anyone else here but I regularly install and uninstall games to make space on my HD . With Spore I 'll probably play it fanatically for 3months . . thats 1 install . Then something new will come out , I will uninstall Spore to make space on the HD . I am talking a 300GB hd here by the way . After a couple months of the new big thing I 'll reinstall Spore . . well 2 installs down in 6months roughly . Then once a year , if my pc is chugging or not . I will back up my data and format my hd , you know to clear out all the little remnants old programs have left behind and get the system running 100 % again . If I install spore after this , bam that 's 3 installs and I can no longer install the game any more.I am not paying $ 50 to rent a game EA . I canceled my order the moment I learned of this . However it is too late for my fiance who had already purchased it for herself .
 The DRM on this game is pathetic . You are limited to 3 installs , which means for your 4th install you must call customer service and plead with them to let you install the game you bought again . Thanks but no thanks .
 Did I have fun during the first 3 stages ? Yes . Is there any replay value at all to those stages ? No . I played it for two days , hit the space level , and lost all interest in the game . It is a poorly developed series of mini-games . You can get rather creative with the appearance of things but that 's about it . The first level is a simple eat the little fish avoid the big fish game . The second is find food , kill/befriend tribe . Wash rinse repeat . The civ stage had to be the most boring thing I have played in a long time . You have three vechicles to chose from . No matter what the type , if you send more than 4 at any given target , you win.I am really sorry I wasted my money on this game .
 This game just does not live up to the hype . Its something that would look good on the Wii , but not as a hard core PC game . Graphics are very basic , game play gets boring after about 30 min.The DRM does n't bother me , but its a bit archaic . STEAM has a much better methodology to stop piracy.I feel compelled to play just because I spent this much money.If you can , I would wait till the price drops , or buy it off someone who is bored .
 Warning Mac users . Forget about DRM , I ca n't even get the game to launch for a first run ! I have a new iMac with 4 Gb RAM and the 8800 graphics card and all specs far exceed the system requirements . Took awhile to even find where I 'm supposed to get help from EA . Only found a web site based submit trouble , no phone number . It 's been 24 hours and no response . This is the first game I 've pre-ordered , ever . I was so pumped for this to come out . I ca n't even run the game to give a review !
 DRM limits you to 3 installs over the lifetime of the product . You do not get credited for another install when you un-install the game . The Game manual also says that you can have multiple users per game but you are only allowed one . If you have several family members that would like you play you either have to pay up for multiple copies or all play under the same user . This is false advertisement but good luck on returning the software and getting your money back . Be aware that Amazon had almost 3 thousand negative reviews of this product before they deleted them . This is very shameful and should not be tolerated .
 Game is okay . I would like to play it with my kids , but the terrible DRM makes it impossible to do . The manual says I can have multiple players use one computer installation . Not true . I also am limited severely if I want to install this on my kid 's computer . I wish I had known . I would be 50 bucks richer to spend on something we ALL can enjoy .
 Spore is ultimately a big disappointment . Instead of an actual simulacrum of evolution , where physical traits relate directly to surviving a particular environment , Spore is a superficial combination of five distinct game types which have nothing to do with the principles of adaptation and change . Perhaps Spore is a harbinger of the coming election
 The removal of over 500 reviews from this title is unacceptable Amazon . You 'd think you had enough money to ignore EA.Anyone okay with this DRM is looking short term . What happens when you get a new computer ? Or want to reinstall this game for the fourth time 10 years down the road ? I suspect EA wo n't even have a Spore phone line to call for a reactivation number by then.This is unacceptable and we all demand a change in tactics by EA.Unacceptable .
 Do not buy this game , you would be wasting your money.The DRM is so restrictive it makes it a frustrating experience.Gameplay is ok but nothing great .
 I just lost a lot of respect for your company , erasing all the existing reviews , what amounted to a forum for championing against draconian DRM ! The people need to speak and be heard by the idiots at EA!The Drake
 This is a perfect example of how EA believes the world revolves around it . The giant mega-game-corp monster has gotten so big that it 's forgotten what it 's like to be a consumer . Why would ANYONE trust a company that uses Securom , when the company knows what that program does to a user 's system , yet quietly includes it in their product . The only user their DRM will affect is the paying customer , as it WILL be hacked just as completely as any other game . And do n't think EA is taking care of Will Wright . If anything , they are only hurting his image by teaching his fans that his games now come with a DRM virus .
 Yeah the DRM is lame and EA needs to remove that feature . But I also do n't think the game is really that fun . It feels dumbed down .
 One of my friends picked up a copy of Spore . I had not really intended to buy any games at the present due to the lack of time to play them with some others on the horizon when I will have time . Anyway , I got to sit down and play my friend 's copy -LRB- On his computer if you must know -RRB- for a bit . I wo n't be picking up a copy at initial retail price and here is why.So , the game is fun at first . I had a blast with the creature creator and creating things in this game is one of it 's highlights . The graphics are very pleasing and the creatures themselves are the best part of the game . As others have said the hype and promises of this game over the last few years set up for a big disappointment . I guess I was just hoping for something different . Certain stages of the game are too quick . Perhaps patches in the future -LRB- likely purchased add-ons from looking at the Sims -RRB- will make Spore what it should have been from day 1 , but as of now , this game just is n't worth full retail price . I bet I 'd get about 12 gaming days out of it before I was bored . Maybe a month of real time.The game of Spore would get a 3 out of 5 alone . Not the best game of the year , but definitely not the worst . Then again I was n't a huge fan of The Sims either , so maybe die-hard Sims fans will get more enjoyment.There are a multitude of professional review sites that mirror what I am saying . Spore could have been , and may be in the future a revolutionary game . As it is now , it fell short.Onto the package as a whole : A quick net search will show many articles at reputable sites about the DRM in this game . It is exactly the same as Mass Effect which I experienced first hand and not just on a friend 's computer . SecuROM installs itself without any warning on the box , EULA , or install prompts . What 's more is that it wo n't uninstall when you uninstall the game . You need to net search to figure out how to get rid of it . SecuROM is there to gather info about your computer to look for hardware changes and then decrement your install limit.In addition to the required Spyware you have a 3 activation limit . This may seem okay until you actually look at what triggers an activation . Things verified by users and EA themselves that trigger installs include .1 . -RRB- Any hardware change inside your computer .2 . -RRB- USB hardware changes . Change your printer or get external HD . . too bad .3 . -RRB- Formatting your disk . So if SecuROM itself causes issues with old versions of SecuROM which it has been known to do and you need to reinstall windows on the EXACT SAME hardware then you use up an activation .4 . -RRB- Putting a copy on your laptop to play on the road .5 . -RRB- Getting a new PC.Uninstalling the game will not give you activations back like when you deauthorize iTunes on a PC . As you can see it can be easy for users to eat up those installs . In the world of PCs you never know when you may get a virus , have a hardware failure , or just want to upgrade your system.If you do use up the 3 activations you can call EA and get more . While this may be okay if you get free long distance , if you do n't or live overseas then expect to pay the full price of the game again just to be able to reinstall . As of now there are no international activation lines.Lastly , Spore is a game that people of all ages could enjoy . The issue is that your activation code is LOCKED to an account . So if you install it on your computer , all users of that computer need to log into the same account for the online content . People do not get their own world for creature creation.So EA locks your key to your account and then limits the number of times you can reactivate the product . They claim on their site that you can install it on multiple computers and not need the CD ... they fail to tell you that you ca n't have multiple accounts . You think they could at least give 1 per activation . What 's more is that the manual itself says you can have as many user worlds as you like , but then EA just released that this was a `` typo '' . Anyway , Spore went from a very promising game that could have been revolutionary enough to revive the dying PC Gaming market . Instead it came up short of it 's expectations and threw in spyware and unnecessary limitations that really do affect the end user . If you are the type that never reinstalls old games and does not care about extra processes on your computer gathering info and sending it to some company then by all means enjoy Spore . If you are like me though and frequently upgrade hardware , play old games every so often , and just plain do n't like extra unneeded things running on your PC then look elsewhere .
 After waiting for this game for a very long while , I find myself severely disappointed . The best part of this game is playing with creature design . The rest of it is a hodgepodge of different game types and clearly inferior to most other games in each respective genre . Basically it gets boring very fast unless , you have low standards or are just plain inexperienced at a given genre.Apparently the game was original blessed with a lot more depth , but EA/Maxis deliberately , as has been confessed by the developers , dumbed down to its present state in order to make it more appealing to the masses . I 'd have to ask `` What masses ? '' Apparently we `` masses '' have no standards , low IQ 's and do n't like anything remotely resembling a challenge . The older demos shown of Spore in its early development shows a game with loads of depth , creativity , and yes , challenge . People were all but foaming at the mouth waiting for the game to be released , only to find ourselves receiving this watered down bit of drivel.Oh well , I 'm sure it 'll get better with the release of each `` expansion '' and `` stuff '' pack and in a few years will be what we were originally promised . Unfortunately , I for one will not likely be playing it that long . Even those that do like the game may not be allowed to play the game that long . . at least not with their original copy.With the Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- implemented with Spore , you only get three activations before you apparently have to make a call to EA Support , that you actually have to pay for , in order to explain why it is you possibly deserve another access code.You might be thinking that hey . . three times is plenty . Not necessarily so . If you install it on your desktop today , and next week you make some hardware changes to your system , like new video card , more RAM , a faster processor , etc. . guess what , that will generally be enough to consider your upgrade a whole new pc and require you use your 2nd activation . Reload you O/S , same deal . Try it out on a laptop and find it is n't what you wanted . . too bad . . there goes number three.Oh . . by the way , did I mention the fact that you HAVE to be connected online to Activate at all . So do n't go buying the game as gift for someone not blessed with the internet.Buyers should also beware that the particular DRM . . SecuROM , can potentially cause issues with your computer , interfere with the functionality of other programs , and generally make your pc something that is n't quite what it used to be . . never mind that you ca n't get rid of it without a lot of effort.I do n't like pointing out the things about the DRM , but it you want to play Spore , you have no choice in the matter but to accept both , the SecuROM installation and the limited activations , that can in effect make your `` purchase '' more of a rental.EA , in this case , has neglected to place any information regarding the SecuROM or limited activations on the game packaging , so your typical buyer will not be aware of any of this until they purchase and install the game . You might find something about these things by reading the End User License Agreement -LRB- EULA -RRB- , provided you are a lawyer and can actually make sense of that without wanting to pull your hair out first . But wait . . unless you look online for the EULA , you have to purchase and install the program first.My advice would be to wait for the game to show up in the bargain bin somewhere before bothering with it if you do n't mind the DRM too much and are curious .
 Game is very shallow . You 'll be at the space stage in a few hours ... woot?Seriously , just torrent it . That way you do n't have to deal with the DRM ... and it 's not worth anywhere near $ 60 . I have a lot of respect for Will Wright ... but right now , I 'm sort of ashamed of him . I hope he finds a way to make EA make this right . As soon as DRM is removed , I 'll uninstall my current copy and run out and buy one . Until then , I 'll play it for a few hours a day then go back to WoW -LRB- a game I pay monthly for because it 's a good game -RRB- .
 I pre-ordered Spore because I want to support creative games , but I regret it now because the pirated version is vastly superior to the one I paid for , and I feel like I 'm being punished for putting up my money.The game itself seems good , but I have n't played it a lot.-Magnus
 I 've been following this game for about three years now and all I have to say is
 This is one product that falls so far short of the hype it is just plain sad . This was hyped as ` Sim Everything ' , would do for evolution what The Sims did for social games , but the first four stages , while cute , are basically casual games with no depth of play whatsoever . Even a lover of casual games such as I am was expecting more . It seems that the designers spent way to much time on the ` Creators ' within the game , and not nearly enough time on gameplay.The Space stage - the final stage and the most open-ended , is really just a version of other trade/piracy/empire building games such as Tradewinds or Port Royale , with only some minor wit . Not nearly enough to keep me amused , and considering other games like it can be had for considerably less , without the totally ridiculous DRM , I would highly recommend that you NOT buy this game . I wish I had n't .
 I `` m sorry this game isnt as good as it was hyped up to be , plus that drm sucks
 In all honestly I have been looking forward to this game for a long while . I have watched all the Youtube demos and watched the demos by the author on what it could do.Given the idiotic DRM they have put in , they will never see a dollar or me until it is removed . Way to go EA , way to use your greedy mitts to screw up a potentially great game .
 It is a sad day for gamers everywhere when a company can deny you ownership of a product you have legally purchased just because some arbitrary number of installs has been reached . This is n't just about piracy or me not being able to sharing my cool new game with friends and family , this is about every upgrade , every new computer purchase I make , bringing this game one install closer to an inaccessible piece of DRM garbage . It is no longer my property at this point , and what was once a highly anticipated game is now nothing but a vehicle for corporate oppression .
 I bought it . I played it . I do n't want to be one of those other reviews that complains solely about the DRM , so I 'm going to list a few other flaws . What I 'm not going to do is talk about what Spore does right . Despite the things it does right , these few things it does wrong cripple the gaming experience .1 . The DRM is vicious , like your kid sister who just discovered you necking with the girl next door and lords it over you ... forever ... or at least until you grow up and move away . Because that 's what it will take to get rid of the bad qualities of this game , giving it up .2 . Each stage of the game -LRB- prior to the Space Age -RRB- is excessively short and difficult to obtain desired results . Each stage is so random that I 'm left wondering why I have such control over the creator tools . Additionally , achievements from one game to the next do not overlap . So you have to win your achievements anew each game .3 . No auto save . And this is huge . Since it is effectively a strategy game , if you make a mistake , you 're not just quitting , you 're losing the entire game to-date . As far as I can tell , the save function is n't fantastic either , as you can not save variations on a theme . It 's one save slot per campaign -LRB- multiple campaigns , granted -RRB- ... but once you start down the dark path , forever will it dominate your destiny .4 . Combat in the Space age is clumsy and requires 13 year old reflexes and a 46 '' monitor to obtain enough detail ... oh wait , the game is recommended to be played and 1024x768 and not at a higher resolution . And , if you have a multi-GPU video card , you have to disable your multi-GPU configuration -LRB- read
 I started buying games designed by Maxis when I was 12 . I have been buying them ever since ; off the top of my head , here are a few
 Not only does the DRM sofware take over your machine , you are only allowed one spore.com login account per purchased license.So say you have 1 computer and three kids that each want their creatures uploaded to the Sporepedia under their name , you will need to purchase 3 copies of the game . -LRB- one license code = one account -RRB- If all three kids ca n't upload their creatures individually , why buy the game ? Just download the cracked version from torrents so you wo n't have have to install the DRM - they wo n't be uploading anyway ... -LRB- unless you want to buy three copies -RRB- I have played the game and am quite disappointed by the lack of depth . It will need some major patching to do what should have been done with an open beta . Hopefully they wo n't charge for the patches as expansion packs to fix what needs to be fixed in the original game.If you are looking for a superb RTS massive space based game with NO DRM , check out Sins of a Solar Empire by Stardock Software . They really know how to treat their customers and make a great game . 500,000 copies sold so far!EA - your customers are n't criminals , stop treating us that way !
 Essentially what we have here is a beautiful concept by a talented man.Unfortunately , it was under the penny-pinching eyes of EA Management . And what we end up with is a pretty dress-up game where you design and put basic clothing on a species of creatures , though none of it actually really matters . It 's akin to the `` Barbie Dress Maker '' game that my sister has.As for the actual gameplay and strategy ... there just is n't much . It reminds me a lot of Black and White , but without the fun . In the end , this game can be beaten in a few hours by anyone who 's ever played an RTS or Simulation game before without even really trying on the hardest difficulty.Maybe they should 've marketed it to children 10 and under?As for the DRM , well . No . Not only does it install Securom on your PC , but the limited # of activations mean that if you reformat or rebuild your PC , or even upgrade to a new PC more than three times , you 're done.Your only choice is to keep it on another hard drive or backup the actual installation files to a Dual-Layer DVD so you never have to technically `` reinstall it '' . Thankfully , it 's not a very fun game . After a few days of play you 'll probably never touch it again . It 's day # 2 , I 've already beat it twice , and I have no real impetus to play through it again.So , you 'll probably only need the one install ... Let 's recap :1 . -RRB- Crippled game that could 've been amazing .2 . -RRB- DRM Nazis , as if EA does n't make enough money , anyway .3 . -RRB- You probably wo n't want to replay it , so no need to worry about the DRM , except on principle.Why are these gaming companies so hard on PC Gamers , while console newbs get to run scot-free ? I do n't know , it 's like they 're trying to convince us to switch . Only I 'll never give up PC gaming.Just do n't buy it , irregardless of how much Will Wright told you to in podcasts .
 -LRB- My apologies to those I 'm inadvertently repeating -RRB- I 'll get to lackluster game play shortly , but first I need to rant about EA 's unacceptable -LRB- and vastly impotent -RRB- strong-arm tactics.Those of us who had our ears to the ground in anticipation of this title know that it 's SecuROM copy protection was effortlessly cracked four days PRIOR to it 's official release . Tens of thousands of eager gamers had it installed and running well before we had the chance to buy it . Note
 If you are looking for a nice rental for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks this is it . It 's fun but EA is not known for having good customer support and if you want to basically have a game that you can only install 3 times total then this is it . Another thing is there is a bug that will make the game think you have installed it again and will take up 2 of your activations ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT CRAP CUSTOMER SERVICE , CRAP COMPANY SUPPORT , AND A SYSTEM THAT WILL BREAK FAST . JUST DOWNLOAD IT IN PROTEST UNTIL THEY PATCH THE DRM BS OUT !
 BUYER BEWARE!My entire family -LRB- myself , wife , and 3 of 4 kids -RRB- were SO excited for this game 's release . My son saved up his money and had my wife purchase it today . She installed it on our Mac and we have discovered what so many others have written about - the DRM restrictions render this game nearly useless.Our Mac is setup so that each child can login to their own accounts , thus separating one another 's game saves , documents , etc. . This worked beautifully up until now , when after some digging , I discovered the following : - The game may be linked to only one email address . That is , only one child -LRB- or I -RRB- may have a Spore account linked to the game . - The game will work on only the account where it was installed - my wife 's account -LRB- how useless ! -RRB- It will not run if the kids login to their accounts and try to launch it . - The game may not be re-installed more than twice -LRB- 3 times total -RRB- for the same registration code . This means if I un-install from my wife 's account and re-install on my son 's account , the game is two-thirds `` used up '' . If the computer were to crash for some reason , I would have to use up my last install . - There is no good way to separate `` saves '' as the game planets and such are ultimately inter-connected in the same game account . Why would my 13 year-old son want his account to be cluttered by 8 year-old creativity?I understand the desire to hinder electronic theft , but for all of us who are honest and go to great lengths to do the `` right thing '' , EA has done a horrible disservice and has alienated its user base.I 'm very disappointed I allowed my son to purchase this game without first watching to see how the first few days carry out.I feel completely taken . If I could return it , I would.EA - SHAME ON YOU .
 First off , why did this game take so long to create ? Was there only one person who had to fly around and name every single star system?Secondly , I waited for this title for about 4 years now . This will be the last EA title I purchase unless some magical patch is released to change the entire game to what it should be like.The only thing that is open ended about this game is that there are plenty of star systems to play with , and you can customize your character till your hearts content.The tribal stage was made for a 5 year old . the civilization layout is horiably devoloped . Even once you make it to space the cities are so static they just sit there . They should grow , spread . actlly build refineries on the spice guisers.The only stage that is not repetive is the begining . you can enjoy floating around eating things ... . once you magically devolop onto land skipping the water completely - the game starts to go down.I also agree with the activation crap they have on there .0 / 5 stars!This friggin blows . : -LRB-
 I 'm very upset with EA . You lay out $ 50 to find out it 's a rental with their DRM policy . Then when you go to their website and hit contacts they ask you to sign-in . What kind of crap is that ? You have to join them to contact them ? It 's business decisions like this that 's destroying PC gaming . I 'm just glad we have the internet and Amazon to voice our opinions .
 Preface
 I want to like this game but knowing that I have to call tech support after three installs makes this purchase highly regrettable . I already have to reformat the computer I had installed it on , and I 'm planning on purchasing a new computer next month . So I 've already used up 2 slots and if anything goes wrong I have have to call them and let someone know I 'm not a thief . Talk about alienating your customers .
 The most fun thing about this game is the DRM , its great . Its always there and even helps you by calling EA and making sure its a valid copy for you ! That awesome ! So once again if you like DRM buy this game !
 I did not know about the DRM when I bought this game . I am not a pirate . I paid $ 49 + for Spore . I do not like , nor do I appreciate DRM . That being said , it will not be an issue with me for this game . Over the years , there have been games I have uninstalled and reinstalled over and over again to play months , even years , later . Just because I loved playing them and they were kickass . This is not one of those games . I do not see myself ever reinstalling to replay . I have not even completed the gameplay . Stuck in space , bored and ambivalent.On the plus side , the graphics are great and I had no buggy issues with installation or gameplay.I think all the hype hurt this game . Expectations were high - way high . I know mine were . I kind of thought from the buzz , my choices for my creature would have more impact on its evolution . This issue has already been discussed so I wo n't . At the end of the day , this game is OK . Not worth the price , the DRM issue is a slap in the face , and most phases are formulaic - rinse , repeat gameplay . It 's just ... OK .
 After installing this game , I am no longer able to right-click icons on my desktop . Explorer crashes instead . I heard it was a SecuROM problem , but the problem persisted after I uninstalled Spore . I want a refund .
 I was able to play the game locally , but I was unable to register for the online piece . Going through EA support for this was a nightmare , and after lots of back and forth they finally told me that my version was registered to someone else , and I should buy a new version . I 'm not sure why the key Amazon gave me for my download was n't any good ... TLDR
 so i waited and waited until the game went down in price considerably , then i went and got it fairly recently , frankly i was expecting a ton more then there actually is to this game.you start as a single cell which was kinda neat and you work your way up the food chain till you can grow legs and move to land . now your on land and you run around doing basically the same thing killing every thing you can in site to get DNA / parts still was n't bad . . now for me so far so good . how ever now you get past the cell and animal stages and move to tribal and here is were the game hits the crapper . . now half the time you cant make your anime stand upright for what ever reason i had issues with this a lot . and your tribal you should be walking on 2 legs at least in my opinion your at the beginning of intelligent existence.now supposing you can get it to stand upright , there 's still the lack of clothing and crafting at this point i had honestly thought they would have you invent new clothing and buildings but they do not . you can kinda shift some of the stuff around to make it look like tribal wear but more or less its lacking considerably at this point . the village is ridiculous and you have very little control over it . you cant actually make your own buildings at this point and there 's not nearly what one would considering a building option here you place your buildings in predetermined slots rather then a building Sim kinda style.that was pretty much were i started to lose interest . tribal had me yawning ... if you make it past tribal statue and move up to building a city it still does n't allow you to build a city you still have pre determined slots to place buildings although they do allow you to customize your own buildings at this point you can literally spend hours in the creator just fiddling around mixing and matching parts but apart from that your still subjected to a limited form of pretty much every thing here.you do get to make a land , air , and sea vehicle at this stage i found this stage to be reminiscent of pretty much ever RTS out there and still your `` Creatures '' now a people have no clothes . theres really no options that even come in you get the basics like a helmet and chest plate but theres no real clothing options you can fiddle with the creater and stretch and skew things to make it look kinda like a full suit of advanced armor for example which was what i did with my first creatures even then you can tell easily that its no space helmet or a visor for the faceplate that should have been there.frankly they could easily add into downloadable content more options if they would include clothing and futuristic clothing and gear it would help . any ways so you play your RTS now and bomb and blow up your people until you rule the planet . then magically your people invent a spaceship that you create now here again i had a big problem with engine placement no matter what i did they would never be straight i even attempted to get a square block and place them on the back of it and i had the worst time to the point of my hand literally cramping up trying to get every single little space out if it i finally had to jury rig a couple of things to do it end 's up being a ton more difficult then it needed to be just for engine placement . theres no real what i would call space ship type details they mostly look like air planes unless your going to make a flying saucer , if your thinking anything from a movie or star gate or star trek kinda ship you can throw that out the window the best you could do is a shuttle pod , or maybe if you got really creative i could see a delta flyer being made.so any who now you fly around the interstellar systems and its incredibly time consuming as you set up new colonies and run quests for other species just to get them to like you i personally found space combat rather tedious at the early stages once you get a fair amount of income with the different spices then you can upgrade weapons and health making it somewhat easier although i started to personally at least notice a huge problem i was n't able to make progress any further because the 5 colonies i had were constantly being attacked by pirates . i would literally have to fly from one to the other to the other to the other to the other to the other to the other to the other to the other to the other to the other ect ... so much for exploring and mind you i did n't start any war 's this was purely pirate attacks . or constantly having to run back to subvert a economic disaster , because some species had a virus that would whip that species out.apart from that the initial space story seemed intriguing , having to colonize a world and then increase its T rating basically every one knows the ratings from Star trek M class planet being the livable one . T0 is a dead rock basically T3 is = to M class planets . after T1 i found it fairly difficult to manage the T level there 's no real way i found to know what would survive beyond the initial stages . obviously you could go searching for a T1 planet for T1 things and T2 and T3 things but it seems like more work then there needs to be T1 's fairly simple to get too and seems to work out any ways.personally the graphics are on par , the controls are not terrible but not good either . they seem a little sluggish especially in the cell stage . there could easily be more clothing options and more humanoid options would be a bonus i dont personally want space fairing dinosaurs , fish , bunny 's , plants . its nice that those options are there but the lack of humanoids and clothing i believe are whats holding this game back . the supposed Customization is not there for the creatures .
 The game looked fantastic in the previews , and yet when I bought the game it was nothing like what was shown . It was completely dumbed down and nothing like I expected . It is a poor game with all these changes .
 game freezes up all the time even with patches threw in trash . will never buy from this company again . if your going to sell something make shure it works , get bugs out before yousell it . i will continue to buy from amazon this is not their fault .
 I can not express how excited I was when Spore was first announced.As soon as it was possible , I put in a pre-order online at full retail price and counted down the days ... at least until I learned about the draconian DRM prohibitions . If they want my hard earned dollars , how DARE they cripple their product in such a manner ? I do n't steal games and I do n't condone those who do . It 's utterly offensive that the online thieves are able to enjoy a better -LRB- DRM-free -RRB- product than I , a legitimate consumer , can purchase legally.With their excellent sales and non-crippled titles , rival company Stardock Entertainment should be praised as an example of how to make money while satisfying consumers . If you 're looking for an enjoyable video game , try the excellent DRM-free Sins of a Solar Empire .
 i wo n't bother panning the DRM . that 's well taken care of by other reviewers.i 'll just focus on the game itself . it 's , well , kinda boring . sure , it 's neat to help your first little creature evolve from single cell to galactic civilization , but it does n't take all that much time , or skill , and each stage is pretty pedestrian and repetitive . even the creation of your creature , buildings , vehicles , etc , gets old.i thought perhaps it would have some interesting re-playability , but it 's pretty much exactly the same the second time around.too much buildup , too much hype . save your money .
 Ea should n't have the right to install such a restriction , if you treat your customers like thieves they might become one , and it did n't even stop the game from beeing pirated.F.D.R.Mdefectivebydesign
 Purchased Spore totally unaware of the draconian DRM -LRB- digital rights management -RRB- attached to it.Due to a series of unfortunate events -LRB- corrupted install , crashed hard drive -RRB- I cruised through my 3 install limit in about a week.EA totally blew me off . . Case by Case basis my butt . I guess because it was so fast , I must be a pirate . Well I 've returned my copy of Spore , they can eat it.You are basically paying for 3 installs for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , if you want to play it after that you have to pay up . Forget EA , and save your money when it comes to Spore . horrible experience , not worth the hassle and not that fun either .
 I 'm so glad I read the reviews here first . My wife saw a commercial or ad or something which made this game look really good and I was going to buy it tonight . Fortunately I saw the reviews here about boring , inane gameplay and ridiculous DRM policies.No thanks . EA , you just lost another sale .
 Well , came here to buy 2 copies of the game . You know , like a normal non-criminal willing to pay for the game consumer . Sorry to see that if I gave EA $ 100 and then updated my aging computer in the next month or 2 , I would have used up 30 % of the game I `` purchased '' . It just does n't make any sense to purchase a game that is going to self destruct in the long run . I purchased 2 copies of the retail World of Warcraft 4 years ago and have since purchased 2x monthly subscriptions each month as well as 2x expansions , a Collectors edition of the last expansion , a second account -LRB- retail version + third monthly fee -RRB- and have on reserve 2 copies and a CE 's edition of the upcoming expansion.I hope EA see 's the difference . Blizzard puts a reasonable 1 key = 1 account and no fuss thereafter system in place and they have earned $ 430 off of me , as 1 household . That does n't include the monthly fee 's I 've paid which come to about $ 780 by my estimate . It 's not only the initial $ 100 investment they are down from me . They are also down any future expansions that they might put out . I 'm only 1 customer ... who has bought at least 1 copy of every Battlefield XXXX game EA has put out as well as the expansions . Never again EA . Sorry to see this happen to a company I willingly supported , but I wo n't be labeled a thief just for being their customer .
 Thank God for Piracy . Why ? Because without the pirates , I could never play this game , in spite of owning it . I have the CD , I have the game manual , I have the box , yet I can not play the game . Stupid Securom and the DRM has locked me out . I bought the game , and I have the right to play it - that is all I want to do , yet I can not . I have to go to crack sites and download questionable files , just so that I may legitimately play the game . This is a fun game , but do n't buy it . Wait 'till they have no choice but to give it away . Its a real shame that EA -LRB- and other publishers -RRB- are completely alienating their legitimate customers . What if you get tired of the game and want to sell it ? That is completely within your rights , but the DRM takes that ability away . So sad that you wo n't be able to find this one on a used game shelf . Some lawyers need to get together and perform a class-action lawsuit against EA ! Disgusting !
 Adding only what already has n't been said , but aside the DRM and the lackluster game-play , if you want to see the ending of the game , do n't get your hopes up . There is n't much of one .
 Spore 's 3 install limit is ridiculous . You are essentially RENTING the game , and if you have a string of bad luck and your computer dies a couple of times , or you want to reinstall windows to get rid of junk , or if you simply buy a new computer if you are past your 3 install limit all you have is a paper weight.Maybe it is just me but I want a game , not a paper weight.Too bad there is no 0 or 0.5 stars .
 It should n't have received all the hype it did . It 's numerous minigames rolled into one . To be fair , maybe I should have given it 2 stars . But yes , the whole DRM issue needs to be put in the spotlight -LRB- again and hopefully the executives will listen this time -RRB- . The gaming community does not want this and will not take it anymore.Expect even further and more intense reactions on Red Alert 3 's release .
 Looks like a great title , but I 'll wait for the PS3 version . I was going to buy it until I read the Ars Technica story about how the DRM works . Sounds like they hate their customers . Fine by me , I 'm happy playing something else .
 I was looking so forward to this game , but now after having read reviews about the DRM , I think I 'll pass . If I ever do get curious enough , I 'll most certainly pirate it . Way to go , EA .
 I am joining in the fray to say : DRM Means NO PAY NO PLAY !! Simple slogans may work better against headheaded EA.EA is going DOWN .
 I got a locked down disc - I came onto amazon tonight to place an order for this game and after reading about this drm craziness I must say - frak spore and EA ! Pretty pathetic way to treat the ones with the credit cards and cash in hand ...
 I 've given this game 3 stars because it is an average game , not a bad game by any means but not a masterpiece either . I took 2 stars away for the pirate protection software.Description
 This game has ZERO longevity . Why ? DRM . In 5-10 years , you will NOT be able to install or play this game . Thank you EA.I have been a past victim of securom and vow NEVER to buy another POS product that supports the draconian DRM . Why do these companies HATE legitimate customers ?
 There 's no way for me to justify paying $ 50 for a game with such draconian copy protection , regardless of how fun the game actually is . Seeing as the pirates broke the copy protection in approximately 0.3 minutes , the only thing that the DRM is accomplishing is hassling legitimate buyers.It 's rather unfortunate that Will Wright 's genius is shackled by this idiocy .
 It pains me to rate a game that I have been so heartily looking forward to so low . However , the current state of Spore 's DRM and the gaming industry 's clear lack of respect for customers , paying or otherwise , is simply appalling.This is made clear by the fact that it is easier to download and play a pirated copy of almost any game than it is to install it ` legally ' . It is disrespectful and detrimental to business to assume that customers are guilty of theft and punish them without any proof.When I saw the demo of spore a week ago at PAX , I was prepared to buy it , then and there . But if my fifty dollars are going to be wasted , they are going to be wasted on a company that does n't punish me for loyal business .
 It actually is an interesting game with a unique concept . Unfortunately , on my macbook , it 's barely playable because of the constant crashing . It does n't auto-save , so this is an even bigger issue . I 've also resisted reinstalling it , to see if that solves the crashing issues , since the publisher has stuck on a ridiculous limit to the number of times you can install it on your own computer .
 I still install SimCity2000 each year or so to play through it , and it still works fine . This epic game deserves many more installs than that , but with only 3 , EA decides it is n't worth more than a year 's worth of playing . Not worth $ 50 until it is no longer a rental .
 This is a game rental with a $ 60.00 price tag . 3 activations is an insult to gamers . The forced online activation was bad enough , and relies on existing servers to actually exist and be supported in the future to be able to install your game , assuming you have installs left . Any promises made my any company to remove these kinds of features in the future or unreliable at best and completely unenforceable . Do n't buy this game . Do n't reward this kind of behavior .
 This game has a very very poor implementation of DRM . Buyer beware you may not be able to play the game you purchased if you have to re-install more than 3 times .
 Was super excited to get this game since ' 06 , but not with the DRM ... when will these companies learn ?
 It is unfortunate that developers/publishers of Spore decided to kill their product with over-abundance of DRM . I had issues with Securom in the past and there is no way I 'm buying this game with Securom , especially since it _ requires _ to have game CD present to play.This is absolute rubbish and does absolutely nothing to , as they claim , `` prevent piracy '' - pirated versions are already freely available online , and have none of this DRM nonsense.EA brain-dead DRM policies just serve to piss off legitimate buyers who paid to buy the game and prevent large amount of people who would buy it if it was n't for draconian DRM -LRB- like myself -RRB- from buying the game .
 The DRM issue is one that EA should face . The company has been ruining the work of great development teams with terrible management .
 Bought the product , DRM did n't even work on my pc , so i returned the game for my money back . Not worth anyones time ... move along .
 DRM protection serves only to inconvenience people who legally purchase a game , piece of software , movie , or anything else DRM is applied to . The pirates do n't have to put up with CD checks , online activation , or any other such hassles . Why ? They simply remove the DRM features and distribute the game as freely as they like . Any software that punishes legitimate owners while letting the crooks enjoy it unrestricted is utterly worthless.This wo n't change until we convince game publishers that we wo n't put up with them treating us all like criminals . The only language they understand is money , so send them a message loud and clear
 I was planning on buying this game , but I wo n't purchase something with this kind of DRM . So disappointing . Looks like a fun game too.I 'll buy it when EA removes the SecureROM from it .
 After spending several hours helping a friend chase down issues with getting the game to activate and figuring out the sudden appearance of a virus/spyware on the system related to the DRM , I can honestly say the graphics and play of the game are pretty good . The other complaint is the 3 activation rule for the lifetime of the product , seems a bit excessive.I 'd rate the game higher if it was n't for the installation/activation issues and the on going problems of getting the computer 's security software to play nice with it .
 I was ready to make my purchase today . This is one of those rare games that both my spouse and I would enjoy . But after taking a look at the game on Wiki , and then reading up on the DRM posts here at Amazon , I 've decided to pass . It 's a real shame . The game looks great and I was looking forward to playing it . Guess I 'll just stick it out another month or so while I wait for Fallout 3 ...
 The game may be fun , but we 've seen this DRM bit before and look at the trouble for consumers it 's caused . How many people have lost music and a money investment thanks to DRM in purchased MP3 or AAC ? Amazon does n't sell DRM in their music downloads , so why the heck are they allowing it in software ? Bad move Amazon !
 I wrote a review on Amazon UK 's site complaining that I could n't install the game , but now I see from the other reviews that it 's protection system is to blame . It 's easier to get dodgy copies of games than to pay for it and install it . These protection systems only affect those who legitimately own a copy of the game , not those who pirate it.I had exactly the same problem with Sid Meyer 's Pirates ! It was a game I was really excited to see released as I played the old Pirates Gold game . Unfortunately my DVD drive spins too fast for it to run it 's error checking thing with the copy protection on the disc which meant it always failed an install . I had to download software which would actually slow the drive down during install.These protection systems are more than useless , they damage the games industry and annoy people who pay for the games . If anything is encouraging piracy , it 's this .
 When will video game manufacturers STOP INTENTIONALLY HURTING THEIR CUSTOMERS . I understand protecting intellectual property , but THREE ACTIVATIONS for $ 50 game . That is absolutely ridiculous . I like the game concept , but I am going to send it back unopened .
 Was going to buy this 100 % but now hearing about a 3 installs and your out , I will refuse to purchase Spore until they fix this issue.EA = FAIL !
 EA 's latest grand profit machine scheme seems to be along the lines of partnering up with Blockbuster for their latest release , Spore . `` EA GAMES ... It 's In The Fine Print ! `` You used to be able to buy a game and play it on your computers , and do with it whatever you wanted.Not now ! Now you can only `` rent '' it from them.Now EA has included a nice piece of software during the install that only allows you to install the game a total of 3 times . JUST THREE TIMES!Now I know everyone has had PC troubles , -LRB- hard drive crashed , etc. -RRB- and have needed to reinstall software from time to time.But with this new steaming pile of Doo from EA , you can only install the game 3 times , and then you 're left with a $ 50.00 shiny coaster . Worthless !!! The game itself seems to be solid , but using EA as the distributor has rightfully and completely enraged gamers to the point where they 're taking their hard-earned dollars elsewhere.It 's a shame that this game is getting such little momentum , but it 's about time these companies started realizing that they 're hurting themselves more by treating their customers like criminals ...
 This game has a ton of potential . The real problem is DRM . It 's killing the game . The DRM is basically like a virus that cripples the experience.Save your money .
 Set aside , for the moment , the fact that the gameplay is kind of blah . More importantly , EA once again shows their customers that they absolutely hate them , by saddling us with yet another time-wasting and disrespectful DRM scheme . Add to this the fact that almost any call to EA `` customer service '' results in an accusation of piracy , and why would you even waste your money.Let EA know that PAYING customers will NOT put up with being treated like criminals . DO NOT BUY SPORE !
 The gameplay for Spore seems to be a little bit of everything . From MMO-style gameplay to RTS-style gameplay . Sadly , Spore spreads itself so thin over these multiple styles that it loses all depth . The first hours are agonizingly boring . The user is forced to spend an excruciating amount of time performing simple , boring tasks repetatively while supposedly building towards a complex civilization . Finally reaching this point is anti-climactic and hardly worth the trouble.If that was n't enough of a slap in the face , EA has decided to penalize legitimate users with ridiculous DRM . The user gets 3 installs , that 's it . We ar n't RENTING this game for 3 installations , EA . We are BUYING it . Stop screwing over your paying customers .
 I can rent all the games I want through gamefly for $ 15/mo . Not renting ONE for $ 50 . Better luck next year EA .
 DRM of this nature needs to be stopped . When you BUY a product , it 's yours . If they only want to RENT you the product , people need to respond by not buying OR renting from this software house .
 Could be a cute , fun game ... but $ 50 just to get punished by the DRM ? This is a waste of cash and time .
 But I 'm so tired of EA Games treating me like a torrenting pirate . I 'm not too cheap to plunk down $ 50-60 on a title I like . I do however object to a SINGLE PLAYER game that needs to phone the publishers servers if I install it.I upgrade my system at least once a year . Will your DRM get bent out of shape about that ? Some of your titles , like The Sims 2 , are reinstalled for troubleshooting purposes . I know this because EA tech support never met a The Sims 2 problem they could n't blame on the customer and `` fix '' by telling them to completely uninstall and reinstall the product.This never ending cycle of publishers implementing newer , nastier DRM does n't phase the pirates . It makes your paying customers wonder why they should continue to pay to have extraneous spy-ware DRM looking over their shoulder.Some people will become customers of torrent sites instead . And some people will simply talk with their wallets.So , no soup for you EA . You 've made what should have been an enjoyable title stink . `` Challenge Everything ''
 Let me preface by saying that I have played the game . I have also played Sims 2 for several years , and other games -LRB- Civilization I/II/III , Age of Empires I/II , even Railroad Tycoon , for more years than I care to admit . -RRB- However , after an experience with SecuROM on a Sims 2 EP that killed my DVD-RW -LRB- necessitating purchase and install of another DVD-RW -RRB- I have avoided SecuROM DRM like the plague that it is . I would like to point out , also , that SecuROM was included in the free Spore Creature Creator DEMO . What was the point of * that * ? I took steps , therefore , to ensure that my copy of the game would not install SecuROM on my computer.The cell stage is fun and seems the most `` evolutionary . '' I think this might have been the least dumbed down of the first three stages , mostly because it 's fairly simple.However , when you evolve to creature , several things are immediately apparent
 I 've been looking forward to the release of Spore since I first heard the concept nearly 4 years ago . I 'd like to buy it , but after the SecuROM disasters I put up with after buying Mass Effect -LRB- which also used SecuROM DRM -RRB- , I do n't really feel up to the weeks-long e-mail exchanges with EA 's customer support or the multi-hour phone calls trying to get the damn thing to work without crashing . I do n't know if it 's a driver conflict with SecuROM or what , but it made Mass Effect all but unplayable . I struggled with it for a few hours , but kept getting booted out to the desktop , so finally gave up . I 'm not going to risk spending money on yet another product that is intentionally defective to punish the people who actually pay for the game , while everyone who just downloads it with the crack can play free and clear with no problems whatsoever . Also I have games -LRB- like Starcraft -RRB- that I 've been playing for 10 years now . Is EA going to commit to keeping their activation servers up and running for 10 + years for all games ? What if they just go under or decide they do n't want to support those servers ? Then the game you paid good money for is absolutely useless!EA needs to learn that this is simply unacceptable , and the only way that 's likely to happen is by simply refusing to tolerate their offensive practices . I 'm voting with my cash on this one .
 First The Sims , then Sims 2 . My kids begged me to purchase and install these games for them along with the countless add-ons . Each new add-on became a time of great anxiety for us all . Would the DRM in the update ruin the existing game or not ? about half the time it did . Once in a while it even borked the OS . Countless hours re-installing and starting these games over was a nightmare . Now Spore , with even more draconian DRM.It is well past time to start treating your game users as customers !! We are tired of being treated like criminals ! We are asked to pay for this game but we never actually own it . Stay far away from this game unless you enjoy wasting countless hours diagnosing and fixing game and operating system problems caused by DRM .
 You just ca n't commit money to something that only lets you reinstall 3 times . PC 's die all the time . Windows dies more often . When you reformat for a virus or just Windows losing its mind , you 've got to reinstall , and that means losing this game to a pointless limit imposed by Electronic Arts . Get rid of the stupid limitations and let me use my game .
 Hello everyone.I am writing this review because of what SecuROM did to my DVD-RW drive . I am not a pirate . I have never stolen any game in my life . I always buy games because I believe in supporting the companies and programmers that produce games I enjoy.Enter SecuROM.A game I had purchased does n't work because the SecuROM DRM , much like a virus the DRM has disabled my DVD-RW drive . Further still , the Malware like program is nigh impossible to remove from your system unless you want to do a complete wipe of your computer.Apparently , I have gotten off lucky in the fact that only one device has been disabled by the invasive SecuROM program . Some people have had their entire computer ruined because of this unauthorized program being put secretly on peoples systems.Spore . I considered buying it at one point . Knowing that SecuROM lurks on this game as well means I will not buy it.The irony of all this?The pirates , who do not support said gaming companies , who are suppose to be the primary targets of the DRM , are not hindered by it in the least.They put out a copy of Spore that does n't have the DRM on it at all , and thus your computer wo n't be ruined.I wo n't get the game at all now because I do n't believe in supporting pirates -LRB- two wrongs do n't make a right to me -RRB- . However , if I REALLY wanted the game ... which copy do you think I would get
 I bought this game tonight at Best Buy and then came here to see if it was cheaper . I would have ignored 10 or 20 1 star reviews , but 2,100 was too many to ignore . It seems it is not just a DRM issue , but the game itself is n't even worth $ 50 . I appreciate the heads up amazon.com mob ! On my way to return it now .
 The DRM on the game prevented me from playing the game . I managed to get it installed , but it wo n't play and complains about the disc not being in the drive , even though it 's in the drive . And since video games ca n't be returned once they 've been opened , I 'm out 60 bucks ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME , THE DRM WILL PROBABLY BLOCK YOU FROM PLAYING IT .
 I bought this game on Sunday and really enjoy it . However I did not know that I would be limited to 3 installs period.A friend of mine reinstalled it 3 times already , not sure why . When he called EA to reset it so he could install again ... They told him to go buy a new copy ...
 Fun game , pretty simplistic and basic in early stages , but it has a DRM so avoid at all costs .
 I 'll make mine quick . I too hate the DRM on the product . But that 's not the reason for the low rating . I have two main issues with the game , first one being technical - the installer has consistently failed to set the game up properly . It does not create the Spore icon , I 've had issues after a ` successful ' installation where it does not run for some users on the system , etc. . Really poor execution on that part . In terms of gameplay , I find that there are too many things which are not explained or shown properly in tutorials , and you find yourself wondering what you are exactly supposed to be considering while playing . Great idea , but I feel pretty let down by the execution .
 This is meant to be a product review , not just a game-play review.GAMEPLAYAfter about 6 hours of play , I can honestly say that I am underwhelmed . Perhaps it is the 4 years of anticipation or my natural slant towards more detail and science , but Spore seems to be lacking the depth I was really hoping for.As you are ushered from stage to stage , I ca n't help but feel that I am playing a demo of what the full game should be like . The concept of evolution is nearly non-existent as you need to `` upgrade '' your creature 's parts to advance and thus makes Spore for of a `` numbers '' game . I can see myself playing this from time to time , but it will not satisfy the hard-core gamers or biology students.INTERFACEI found that the camera controls are almost infuriating as change from stage to stage . The interface as a whole feels polished , but I would really like some customizable options and the ability to resize the controls a bit . They end up taking a lot of real-estate on the screen.Overall , Spore feels like a technology `` test-bed '' rather than a well thought out game . The Creature Creator and resulting animations are impressive . The graphics and styling are well-done and interesting . The gameplay ... meh.DRMI would be remiss not to mention the inclusion of DRM as it is part of the overall product being reviewed . To be completely honest , much of the DRM discussion is pointless . For all of the discussion about rootkits and virus-like behaviour , I realize I am running this on a Microsoft Vista machine . By it 's very nature , the system is unsecure . There are a dozen different components within Vista itself that I would consider much more destructive than the DRM included with Spore.Where is does effect me is the limitation of 3 installations per product . Again , Vista is unsecure and every now and again , needs a good cleaning or fresh install . I can say with confidence that I will be out of installations by this time next year . This is a definite issue for me . But based on the gameplay , it may not matter in the long-run .
 Long story short , since it appears everyone else is saying the same , SecuROM is a no go . Sorry E.A. but there 's no way .
 I ca n't believe EA have done this again with Spore with the stupid DRM stuff . Why ca n't they let people own the game themselves for once . Bye bye EA , no more custom from me ...
 Like most other people , I have waited for over two years for Spore to come . I have read every news item , every blog , for scraps of information about the game . I believed all the hype and I was , unsurprisingly , completely disappointed.Each of the phases plays like a separate mini-game , with very little connection between them - so much so that once you have created your lovely creature in animal mode , and care very much about the nuances of the design of your creature , you find yourself suddenly in tribal mode where all that hard thought-out design means ... nothing . At the start of each phase , you get this feeling of the pointlessness of the previous phase.And then , finally , you end up in the space phase and after several hours of messing around ca n't help feeling . . `` is this it ?! `` A game with all the potential of a massive epic , becomes just a simple toy . An attempt at mixing Sims with Civ , and the only result is that neither camp feels like the game is for them.Pros
 Hello EA.I really want to buy this game . I do . But like thousands others on this site , I am voting with my wallet . DRM = no sale.thanks .
 Big Media describe DRM as Digital Rights Management . However , since its purpose is to restrict you the user , it is more accurate to describe DRM as Digital Restrictions Management . DRM Technology can restricts users ' access to movies , music , literature and software , indeed all forms of digital data . Unfree software implementing DRM technology is simply a prison in which users can be put to deprive them of the rights that the law would otherwise allow them .
 Its kinda short . Its banking on the 3 years of hype . The game does n't have much depth . I falls WAY sort of what was promised . Oh well , ca n't return it . : -LRB-
 Just another pissed off owner of this game . I have n't read over the 1000 + reviews , but I 'm sure people have already complained about how the manual plainly states that more than one account can be added to a single installation of the game , which is a BOLD-FACED LIE !!! In order for my wife and I to have separate accounts on the copy THAT WE PAID FOR -LRB- ARE YOU LISTENING , EA ????? -RRB- , we have to BUY ANOTHER COPY OF THE DAMN GAME !!! Give me an F-ing break . This just drives honest people to pirate games . I might as well start searching warez sites for some kind of crack . Bite me EA !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 Just get rid of it ... pirates are going to pirate anyway . You are just hurting us regular customers .
 I was really hyped about Spore . Several fun mini-games -LRB- each stage is like a separate game -RRB- culminating in Civilization-like expansion of your solar empire . Too bad I will not buy it because of absolutely uneducated and ineffectual decisions made by the Publisher - EA . They already ruined a ton of games with invasive , ineffective and crippling DRM . Spore is no different . After eventually backing out of FORCING US TO REREGISTER EVERY 10 DAYS -LRB- think about that -RRB- they still continue to treat PC gamers like thieves , not warning about installing malware -LRB- SecuRom -RRB- and going to a rent-your-game model . Result - public outrage , and you guessed it , thousands of sources for already-cracked versions online.I refuse to pay $ 50 for trying the game 3 times , putting virus-like software on my computer or simply supporting EA 's draconian DRM policies and stupidity .
 If a game contains violence it is noted with a warning label . This game contains DRM which installs a root kit on your pc . No warning label attached ! Shame on you !
 Thank you for the comments on DRM , it took me days to get a legally purchased copy of bioshock working and I will avoid spore because of the DRM . I hope the publishers get the message .
 Stay away from this game , very poor compatibility and DRM causes this disc to not work in many systems .
 Seriously , there 's no excuse for pushing a rootkit on unsuspecting users . and for the users that are AWARE of it , more likely than not you will push them to either : a -RRB- a decision to not buyb -RRB- an illegitimate -LRB- but ironically clean -RRB- copy of the productThe customer-hostile parameters of DRM is a `` cure '' that is far worse than the problem it attempts to address . I 've waited for Spore for years , but absolutely refuse to open my doors to a rootkit for ANY product .
 I purchased the game but after finding out they loaded craptacular DRM software on my machine I uninstalled the game and threw the DVD into the trash ... and then I downloaded Spore Reloaded and played the game as it should be .
 Like many , I pre-ordered this game direct from EA and just a few days ago found out about the back door they install on my PC in the form of their root-kit DRM package . Sadly I am forced to return this title for a refund . I can not accept this vulnerability . In the end what did they accomplish ? , The pirates still had this game out a week prior to its release . And anyone who installs a legit purchased copy now has a less secure system . How was this productive?It is a shame the Genius of Will Wright and his team has to be marred by the arrogant , blatant disregard EA has for the security of their consumers .
 I , too , was very excited for SPORE during its preview phase . I was worried that I would need to upgrade my computer in order to play it , but was pleasantly suprised to discover it has very forgiving minimal requirements . As such , I figured that I would purchase the game now , then upgrade my computer and bask in its wonders.Now , however , I discover that the DRM will only allow for 3 installs and creates hidden folders like malware . As I 'm planning on upgrading , this would leave me 1 install for a future date . Even if EA were to increase the amount of installs , I can easily see myself surpassing ten installs if I upgrade in a piecemeal fashion.Additionally , I am saddened to discover that for all the promise of creative content creation , from creatures to clothes to crafts , it all amounts to completely cosmetic changes.DRM and shallow gameplay ? I 'll pass . If I were EA and Maxis , I 'd start taking a hard look at Sims 3 .
 I was interested in this game the moment I heard about it . The interest disappeared the moment I heard about the draconian DRM . I 've had enough of software companies treating paying customers like criminals while the `` criminals '' get a better running , less intrusive program.Enough already !
 Its a Meh game . Gets boring after you customize your character and the DRM is terrible .
 Any install limits are unacceptable for a game , and I am boycotting greedy EA 's products for that reason . For my birthday someone gave me the money to preorder Spore months before I learned about the install limit , which is the only reason I own it.The game is beautiful looking , has great sound , and does not crash my computer at all . In that it reminds me of SimCity Societies , which I admired for the same reasons . And like SimCity Societies , Spore does n't have much actual gameplay . It 's easy and fun to build things , for a while , but the game itself does n't take any strategy or even much time.As others have noted , you can change your creature at any point with no penalty - so much for evolution . All style , no substance for someone who wants a indepth game to PLAY.If not for SecuROM , I would have considered this game a possible good base for future expansions that might have made it more interesting . I wo n't be putting another penny into purchasing new EA products while there are install limits . There is a limit to the inconvenience I 'll accept in order to play a game , and EA has passed the limit by a very long distance .
 I bought this but returned it to the store before opening once I learned of the Digital Rights Management software that basically makes it a rental -LRB- 3 installs = no more ever unless you manage to convince the developers to allow you to install again , which is a big `` if '' -RRB- . Shame , it looked OK though the gameplay was n't supposed to be anything to write home about , but companies need to learn that this DRM which harms * paying customers * and does n't affect those who just copy it , is a bad thing for the industry .
 Simply put , not going to buy or load this on my computer if the Draconian DRM is staying .
 I wo n't be paying $ 50 for a game that I can only install 3 times . I reimage my PC 's about twice a year and have never heard of this kind of limitation . I 'd purchase for $ 5 , but not $ 50 . This reminds me of how Sierra used to take over your PC when you installed a game .
 Like Bioshock poor DRM holds back a decent game . With the poor activation system the game is being rented to you rather than yours.Gameplay is decent , but nothing extra-ordinary or worth the intrusive DRM . The principle of EAs implementation leaves a bad taste in any consumers mouth .
 I was planning on purchasing this game , but after reading the reviews and learning about the DRM issues , I decided to look for something else that wo n't put uninstallable spyware on my computer . In fact , I have been planning on replacing my computer within the next 6 months , and having to use up 2 out of 3 installs already just makes me question what the point of having this registration system is . I sincerely hope that EA will remove the DRM software from this product , but until that happens I highly doubt I will play this game .
 I have been playing PC Games since DOS . I remember having to look up codes in the players handbook . I do n't mind . I do n't mind having an disc in the drawer . But limited install is not fair . I have music software that requires contacting the company when I reinstall it . But they have been sold . Now I am stuck . I will not buy Sony products . I buy games . I pay for them . Do n't treat me like a thief.May I suggest any game from Stardock ? They treat their customers well . I will wait on Spore , as hard as that will be , until they allow me to install the game as many times as I care to .
 I can personally verify that DRM has protected Spore from being purchased by me . I can tell you that I was looking forward to buying a copy of spore , I have been following it 's development for almost two years now . But since of this DRM BS I wo n't , for now at least . I know I could get it DRM free on piratebay but I wo n't do that either . Maybe I 'll buy it for $ 9.95 in a year or so .
 Not only did they saddle this game with some of the worst copy protection measures I 've ever heard of , but their only response so far has been to insult people who do n't like it.Wow , EA . Who do you think you are ? Anyone who gives EA any money ever again is a masochist , because they 'll just keep doing this stuff over and over again . Send a clear message to this backwards company . Put them out of business . Who needs them anyway ?
 The game itself is fun , the creature creator is awesome , and its not too detailed so you can just jump in and play.I 've been looking forward to this game for nearly 3 years . I pre-ordered it from amazon a long time ago . But then I canceled when news of the drm came out.To be fair , they 've made the drm slightly more customer friendly since the announcement . But the showstopper is the 3-install limit . Think 3-installs/validations is plenty ? 1 -RRB- you install the game on windows xp2 -RRB- you upgrade to vista3 -RRB- you upgrade your video card4 -RRB- you upgrade when the new vista service pack comes out.BAM , 4 validations right there . Now you are on the phone praying for EA 's mercy . Except they 've already proven that they hate their own customers by having this system in first place.And the pirates ? The do n't have to deal with any of this.Spore is truly an achievement in software , a testament to an outstanding creative vision . DRM is precisely the opposite .
 Spore 's DRM protection prevents me from buying it . It serves no purpose since the game is readily available for illegal downloading and playing WITHOUT such DRM , and the DRM present on a bought copy only presents an additional headache should I want to install it on my systems .
 I have been a fan of Will Wright all the way from Sim City on Nintendo all the way up to The Sims and Sim City 4 . The thing I like about all the games is replayability . Simply put , I still have my games back to Sim City 2000 . I have installed it in countless computers -LRB- two have been stolen in the past year -RRB- . I would never consider buying a game that keeps me from enjoying my own property unless I beg for another chance to play . DRM hurts paying customers . The pirates could care less , they know how to get around it , proving them with a much better product than those who actually do pay.I was excited about Spore . I have been following it 's production since the beginning . I will not support this foolishness .
 Spore is a fine game and you are sure to get at least 8 hours of quality playtime out of it . However , an overly intrusive digital rights management scheme -LRB- DRM -RRB- means that you 'll probably never get to find out .
 I was going to purchase this game when it came out but after reading all these reviews about DRM I am definitely not going to purchase it now .
 I purchased a DRM 'd game called Medieval Lords . I did n't know it had DRM in it until the system repeatedly started crashing after installing the game . Removed the game and found multiple errors occuring constantly while powered . Finally I wiped the system and rebuilt . I did more research and found it was on a list of DRM games . I immediately took the game back to BestBuy and demanded my money ; after speaking with manager , I got entire refund . Never ever buy DRM .
 DRM issues aside -LRB- though had I realized ahead of time I never would have installed -RRB- it 's a terrible game.There 's no game to it , no challenge . Different creatures only only differ in trivial ways . Most choices are purely cosmetic and they fail in that regard too . On the creature stage , you ca n't stack upgrades , so once you 've purchased a particular one you should n't have to pay for each additional . It limits the ways you can shape your creature for no good reason.There is little to no replay value . I ca n't express how easy the game is . At no point did I have to struggle . The space stage can be reached in a heartbeat , a few short hours and I was there.This is nothing like what has been promised over the past few years . It 's not a game , not even a sim , it 's a toy . Much like those keychain digital pets from a decade ago.It 's sad , because the game initially had a good concept but the actual product falls far , far short.The upshot is , this is a shallow game , none of the depth we were led to expect is there . Do n't waste your money .
 I certainly planned to . I believe the idea behind the game is great . It is certainly unfair that a game with such potential is being shot down like this . It is just not worth it for me , no matter how good the game , to buy a product that could potentially infect my computer and that has a limited number of uses . I read this analogy in one of the discussion threads
 I had every intention of buying this game , along with The Sims 3 next year , until I read about SecuRom . I am afraid to install this on my computer after hearing horror stories of the hardware problems the software causes , as well as my previous experience with Bioshock on the PC.I have amassed a large collection of PC games over the past ten years , and even as I 've outgrown old computers and moved on to shinier , faster ones , my games have stayed with me . Spore , with its `` three installs '' rule , will render me unable to enjoy my games past a few years . I do n't think I 'll bite.EA , give me unlimited installs and no extra software that will disable my optical drives and antivirus programs . Until then , I wo n't waste my money or my time .
 Well EA you can look forward to losing me as a customer . Thank you for putting so many restrictions on your new games that it makes it impossible to consider putting any of your current and future titles on my computer . Seriously . You 're only angering the people who have been loyal to your products . Im sure Spore is a fun and innovative game , but how will any of us be able to afford to play it ? Shame on your copy software and your love affair with Securom .
 Nothing new here , just wanted voice my opinion about the DRM by putting up another 1 star review . < Edit > After going on many forums discussing whether or not this is the right place to oppose the DRM , I have decided to update my stance . Consumers affect the market by `` voting '' with their dollars . I have `` voted '' by not purchasing this games . To those who say , `` but you have n't played the game I should n't have to be exposed to your review ! '' I say all I 'm am doing is `` campaigning '' And this is the perfect place for it.VOTE NO TO DRMAlso , if possible , vote no to EA and Sony , I know that 's asking a lot though . Thank you for your time .
 Why would I spend $ 50 to rent this game that includes the virus that is DRM ? I 'd pay maybe $ 10 , but even then , I do n't want the virus running on my computer at all times.Too bad I 'll have to skip this one . It looked like a decent game .
 This DRM thing is just completly ridiculous , and stupid EA is doing nothing about ... The least they can do is put on the box that the game comes with software that will harm the PC .
 The game requires that the owner authenticate the copy every ten days , meaning that an internet connection is required to play the game from the get-go and until eternity . In other words , if you paid for your copy of Spore , be expected to remind their authentication servers every week and a half that you are n't stealing it .
 Game is garbage . Why pay to , as was pointed out above , rent a game . Pirates are able to play this game as long as they want , but those that actually purchase it are condemned to a restrictive access . As someone who formats and upgrades hardware a lot , this game would be a nightmare to play and install .
 The game would have been fun for me but finding out about it 's crazy DRM has really put a damper on the fun . I am someone who upgrades computer hardware often and in the course of things end up reinstalling my OS now and then . If I am limited to 3 installs what do I do then . Call and beg to play each time ? Somehow I do n't think it will be a easy process and like others have said what happens when the product does n't become a viable thing to support anymore . They will say too bad and want you to buy the greatest hits version they just came out with .
 When it 's easier to pirate a game than buy it legitimately , why would I buy it ? How far do these companies think they can go before the Great Unwashed will say `` Enough ! '' ? I will not hand over my hard-earned to rent a game , and be at the whim of EA .
 I picked this game up and its great fun but when it comes to my third activation it 's going to become cheaper and easier for me to simply download a pirated version from the internet.Seriously EA when its easier for me to pirate your games rather than simply install them from the DVD I bought and paid for I think you 're doing something wrong .
 Spore could have been fantastic , had the game been developed by someone else than Electronic Arts . They focus way too much on profit and way too little on gameplay . The game is just too simplistic and each level of the game is too short and shallow . I would love to see this game 's underlying synthesizing engine explored in much more depth than what it currently does . I 'm very disappointed in how it ended up.The game itself deserves 3 stars , but because of the draconian and user-hostile DRM it 's bundled with , it deserves nothing more than 1 star . Had zero stars been an option , that 's what I 'd given it .
 The game is too simple . They took a great idea and dumbed it down to expand their customer base . And most importantly the game is full of bugs and glitches that make this game almost unplayable . For example , two of my saves have somehow been corrupted and i 've lost about 50 hours of gameplay . EA claims it 's not a bug , that it 's somehow my fault . Yet if you check out the Spore forums you can see that people are experiencing the same thing . I would n't touch this game until they 've released at least 10 patches .
 There is no way I 'll ever buy anything like this . We 're not even allowed to upgrade hardware . I would have a game rendered useless within a year .
 I 'm afraid I must add my disappointment over not so much the game , the game 's creator -LRB- way-to-go Will -RRB- or even the DRM used -LRB- though that in itself is definitely an issue -RRB- but rather EA 's almost domineering need to restrict its customers . My issue is with the fact that you can only have one online account per copy of the game , so now that my sister would like to play the game on our one and only family computer , she can not , because she apparently has to purchase her own copy of Spore , install the SECOND copy of Spore on the same computer and THEN she can create her own account - I do n't even want to think of what attempting to install two of the same DRM-enabled titles on one computer is going to do to our system!The option to switch users is in-game and the manual also stated that we could have multiple accounts , which leads me to believe the creators of this game were going to allow families to purchase and play this game ; however , somewhere along the line it seems that EA made the decision to restrict each copy to only one online account . What about the families who have more than two or three who want to play on the family computer ? I 'm completely shocked and disappointed by this discovery and while the game is a blast , I 'm afraid I can not recommend it at this time because of its restrictions .
 Like many , many others I had high hopes for this game . I enjoy sim games and thought that this was going to be a blast . Now I 'm not going to lie , it was fun for the first week or so . It was fun creating the various creatures and trying to evolve them in different ways , but now it 's just ... tedious.When you start out you 're just a cell . You 're either an herbivore or a carnivore and you swim around eating scraps of meat or plants and you do your best to dodge predators . As you eat you gain points which can be used to `` evolve '' your creature bit by bit . Once you 've eaten enough food -LRB- and grown big enough -RRB- you get pushed out of the ocean and onto the land.On land you enter the creature stage , where you -LRB- once again -RRB- roam around eating plants or animals . This time , however , you gain points by either befriending or destroying the other creatures around you . This can be frustrating at times , particularly if you 're trying to get through the game without killing anything , because some creatures simply hate you from the start and will attack you . After evolving your creature enough times , you get kicked out of the creature stage and into the tribal stage . You can no longer alter your creature 's body after this stage.In the tribal stage you 're doing much the same as in the creature stage , only you 're controlling multiple creatures instead of just one . You send your tribe out to gather food and befriend/destroy neighboring tribes . Oh , and you get to play dress-up with your creature . Once all of the tribes have been allied / eliminated , you get kicked off into the civilization stage.This stage removes the need to hunt for food , but has you gathering spice instead . Much like the tribal stage , you gather spice -LRB- rather than food -RRB- and befriend/destroy/buy the other civilizations that pop up . This is the stage where you first get to create custom buildings/vehicles . Once you 've conquered the world it 's off to space with you.The space stage is the real game-killer for me . You 're sent off into space in your custom spaceship and explore . You can either do missions , explore , act as a diplomat , or be a trader . The problem is that it never ends . Ever . You get sent on mission after mission , countless races pop up to start war with you or offer friendship , and you explore to find spice to trade or items to customize planets with . Never again do you get to play as your character . The only thing you control from this point out is your ship . If you want to play as a creature again , you have to start a new game . It would have been much better if you could switch back and forth between controlling the ship and controlling a member of your race in your custom city . Space is big , but it sure does get boring fast.So what does this all amount to?Pros : - Custom creatures/buildings/vehicles -LRB- fun to play around with -RRB- - You get to `` evolve '' your creatures from cell to civilizationCons : - The DRM -LRB- I 'm sure you can read all of the anti-DRM posts for more info on this -RRB- - Game gets boring fast after civilization stage - Ca n't control single creatures past the creature stage - Did I mention that moronic DRM ? - The entire game is repetitive once you 've played through twice - Early game is too short -LRB- you can easily reach space stage in a couple of hours -RRB- Oh , and a word of warning . For those that might have the `` free '' creature creator installed and have -LRB- despite and plethora of negative reviews -RRB- purchased the game , uninstall that creature creator FIRST ! I foolishly thought that the game would install over the free version with the game version . Wrong ! The game would n't work and I had to burn 2 of my 3 installs just trying to get the darn thing to work ... Stupid , stupid DRM ...
 I discovered after buying this game that only one account can be created . If you are in a household with a partner and/or children and you all want to play the game , you are forced to use the same log-in account , which basically means you 're all playing the same game instead of playing your own games . The worst thing is that they never told anyone this was the case , and the game 's user manual says you CAN have more than one account , but they changed their minds . On top of that , you can only install the game three times before it stops working . If you like to reinstall Windows now and then , then Spore will only work three times . It 's disgusting behaviour by the publisher , Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- . I will be taking my copy back for a refund .
 I , for one , thank the work done to discover and present the DRM issues before I got around to purchasing this game . As it is now , I will not buy it . As an owner of several computers -LRB- some more reliable than others -RRB- I could easily reach the 3 computer maximum . I am also not a very big fan of the account limitation either.EA is one of the largest game producers out there . If they feel that by adding this malware to your computer is a successful business model , than they will continue the process on future games ... and while I may not be a fan of every EA game that comes out , there are some that I was looking forward to . However , I will not support a system where I have to ask for permission to play the game some time in the future ... and I hope that others will follow that trend . Do n't let this become a successful business model ... DRM = paying the price for full ownership while obtaining a rental .
 I purchased this game yesterday and had a heck of a time trying to get this game to install correctly . I am running a vista based computer and everytime I have tried to install the game wont play unless I change the security settings , on top of that my key code included wouldent work it kept saying that it was invaled . So I called EA 's service line and after navagating a crummy `` press 1 to reach etc. . . '' help line I finaly get to talk to someone , im on the line for 45 min befor the guy finaly tells me that someone elce is registerd to my key . He then procedes to tell me to take the game back to the store , in my experience no store will take back a game or piece of software once you have opended the product . i tell him this and he tells me tough . I ask to speak to his supervisor and they give me the run around but finaly just give me a new code . keep in mind none of the previous stuff i have had problesm with have been fixed . I end up talking to his supervisor and the person was rude and didnt want to talk . He tells me that they are to busy to deal with problems like this and just gave me the code to make things easer for them . I will never buy a product from ea again . theres a reason people are just pirating this stuff lesson learned .
 Obviously EA is doing us a disservice by placing invasive software on our games , penalizing ONLY the people who buy the game legally -LRB- there was a cracked , SecuROM free version of Spore available to pirates the day the game was released -RRB- , but something should still be said about the gameplay in Spore.I have by no means beaten the game yet , but I 've found it to be very fun , fairly easy , if a bit repetitive . Grow bigger , eat creatures , grow bigger , make friends , grow bigger , eat more creatures . I would say that Spore does n't have the same addictive quality that The Sims 2 has.The reason I bought Spore was a new twist on my favourite part of the Sims 2 - genetics . That you created a simple celled organism , and through your choices , watch what it turns into . But that 's not how Spore works at all . At every step , you can customize your creature . You can go from a tiny green herbivore to a massive flying purple carnivore just by mating . I dislike the inconsistency.Another drawback is the fact that you basically can not design creatures just for looks . The nice thing about the Creature Creator is that you could make a creature that looked however you want - it did n't matter what the pieces did . But if you create a creature who has the wrong type of feet , not enough horns , or a mouth in a hard-to-reach place , then you can end up with a creature that wo n't survive in the game.But despite these things , it is a fun game , definitely good for kids . Lastly , however , it should be mentioned that when using the Sporepedia -LRB- wherein you can download other people 's creations and upload your own -RRB- , every creature you upload will contain the Windows account name that you play the game with , which can be anything from a minor annoyance to a serious security threat . In short , play intelligently !
 I have been playing Spore since Monday Sept. 8th . I find the game to be repetitive in the extreme . The last stage , the space stage , consists of defending your planets and allies ' planets from the Grox , pirates , and eco disasters ; making more allies , fighting the Grox . Oh , you also must collect spice , buy and sell stuff.The primary issue raised here is the DRM issue . It is an attempt by EA to protect their property rights which they have every right to protect . Unlike corporeal property which you can touch , possess and own ; the game is intellectual property . The disc is corporeal but the software is what you are getting a limited interest in ; or in this case you are getting a limited license.I fault EA for failing to clearly disclose what they are marketing . How can there be a contract or a `` meeting of the minds '' when the seller and the buyer have no common agreement ? EA is clearly not selling the game to buyers . EA could prevent piracy by requiring the use of the physical disc to start the game , and by having some sort of copy protection to prevent more than one back-up copy of the software.EA has gone too far in installing software on computers which invades the privacy of those who install Spore . Additionally , from what I read the software also causes instability . My game crashes every couple hours .
 Add my name to the list of people who would love to buy and play Spore , but can not while such a DRM protects it from being an enjoyable experience.Remove the DRM and you can have my $ $
 EA 's DRM scheme will only let you install this game three times before it bricks . DO NOT BUY .
 I just wanted to buy this game , but after reading how the DRM works I have to say
 I was about to buy this game , but after reading about the ridiculous DRM and 3 time activation I have happily cancelled my purchase . There is no way I ` am going to be treated as a criminal by EA so they wont be getting my money . I reformat my computers regulary , and as this software can automatically detects hardware changes and forces another activation they would be used up in a very small amount of time . Then I would have to call EA with my recepts required to get another activation ? After that your screwed ! This is madness . This crappy DRM isnt stopping piracy , it 's making it flourish in abundance . What do you think people are going to do after the 4th activation when EA refuses to give you a 5th activation even with your receipts ? Thats right !! Pirate it !!!
 Shame on EA ... I had paid 50 bucks to RENT this game !!!! I could buy some other game for this much money ... if EA wants to use DRM then they should charge game renting prices !!! EA you are out of my list ... Blizzard is the only decent game company left.Blizzard do not disappoint me ...
 I was looking to buy the ultra-nerdy $ 80 package at release ... no more now that I 've learned of the crippling DRM . A message to EA
 I considered buying this game but changed my mind after reading about the onerous DRM .
 I own this game , and sadly the issues with the DRM are completely ruining it for me . I strongly recommend against buying Spore because you 're just supporting ridiculous DRM schemes such as this . I am sorry that i 've done so myself by purchasing this game and I hope others do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This was on my list of being one of the best games of 2008 . The DRM in this game is so pathetic I 'm now trying to see if I can return the game and get a refund . Do not buy this game , it is BROKEN . If I wanted this kind of terrible software I 'd be better off installing the Sony RootKit from one of their lame CDs .
 This is only the second game that I purchased that has SecuROM . I removed them both less than 24 hours after installation . BTW I had problems with both when attempting to install . Yes , my computer is very recent gen and has all the stuff needed to play current games . EA - you really stepped in a pile here . DO the right thing for your paying customers and fix this mess .
 This game had tons of promise , unfortunately in order for EA to get it out the door they completely dumbed it down to the point where it 's just not fun . I 'll stick to Civ4 thanks .
 The DRM on this game is RIDICULOUS . My husband and I share a MacBook . He installed the game under his user account . Later on I logged in under my account and started the game up.IT ASKED ME FOR A REGISTRATION KEY!I did n't want to use up a second install , so I guess I 'm stuck playing under his account . This means that all of our user-data is shared.Not only is this game limited to three installations , it is limited to only three separate user accounts ON THE SAME COMPUTER.I am so mad . If I could return this game , I would .
 SPORE is like a delicious sandwich wrapped in broken glass.It 's not worth getting past the flawed packaging to get thewonderful content.No internet access ? Sucks to be you.Don ' t live in the US ? Sucks again.These people seriously seem to be driving peoplewho want to buy their product to piracy , plain and simple .1 . Incredibly worthless and complex DRM that ruins thepoint of owning the game .2 . Content has been dumbed down to `` SIMS 2 '' levelswhere you can do no wrong , and requires no skills to doanything meaningful .
 DRM is a show stopper . I doubt this game will work for me after a few years given my habit of new hardware purchases and system snapshots . Like others have said , this game is for rent not sale .
 I am up to the civilization stage right now . This game sounded so cool when I heard about it . The notion of evolution is so complex and could make for a really smart , engaging game . Unfortunately , this game is just too simple and is comprised of monotonous mouse clicks and very little thinking . I do n't see how it is replayable for an adult . You can just do the same thing everytime . I think kids , however , would enjoy this game.I 've played an aggressive game . I 'm not sure what the herbivore/friendly gameplay is like , but when you do combat , you run around and click a button to attack enemies who are lower ranked than you . If they are higher ranked , you avoid them . It actually reminded me slightly of World of Warcraft , you run around with the camera behind you and click buttons for corresponding attacks . The `` grind '' of killing X number of enemies is the worst part of WoW and is featured in this game , in an even more boring , less thought-required way . For all the talk of the great graphics in Spore from people , I have to say I do n't see it . The landscapes are the same all over and not very detailed.When it comes to evolving , calling it evolution is deceiving . Evolving means existing characteristics should change a little to give you more abilities , based on the abilities you need . In this game , you can scrap everything about your creature and start from scratch everytime it `` evolves . '' There 's not any strategy planning ahead needed . It can have six legs or two , does n't matter . It just comes down to the stats associated with each attribute . Evolution , if I understand science , should arise out of outside forces ... changes in the geography , weather , enemies species , etc. . You can just do whatever you want in this game willy nilly with no consequence.In tribal mode , you just collect food , make babies and then attack neighboring tribes . It really requires zero thought . Your enemies are n't very bright and there 's not much you need to keep track of other than food.I think the overall concept for the game is great , but the execution just is n't there . I think Will Wright and EA focus too much on making `` simple games '' that anyone can play without much of a learning curve . This is a problem . A game that requires no learning curve requires no thought and will get old quickly . A game like Civilization 4 is probably downright overwhelming for a new player , but I do n't think you 'll find a more addictive , replayable game . Will Wright and EA seem to want their games to be easy simple as Brick Breaker -- well , I 'm not paying $ 50 to play Brick Breaker and unless I 'm waiting in a doctor 's office playing on my phone , I 'm not going to replay Brick Breaker for weeks , months or years . Spore is stale within a day . The Sims was another great concept and was an alright game , but lacked the depth and complexity to make it a truly great game . SimCity could have so many layers and levels of engagement . I do n't know why EA and Will Wright are so reluctant to make these games all they could be.Oh , and about the DRM issue everyone whines about
 Not really any need for a big review . The game was overhyped , and with the amount of effort that EA Games put into it , it was a waste of their time . It was n't what they claimed it to be . Each of the individual game genres was so incredibly dumbed down . I was highly disappointed . The straw that broke the camel 's back was the DRM restrictions . They were pointless - no one is going to take the time to try and copy the game any way .
 This was not the game we saw in 2005 . It had so much potential , as per the demo Will Wright showed us , but man , what a disappointment the game turned out to be.A waste of my $ 45 .
 The game has been just released . But I am not going to buy it . I used to a have a standing pre-order but not anymore , that has been long canceled . I gave EA a chance to mend its ways but it failed . Here is why.This is a warning Review . Warning of the dangers of the harbored Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- subroutine that comes unavoidably bundled with the game . This type of DRM -LRB- SecuROM 7 . xx with Limited Installations -RRB- is well known as it has already been used in at least two other games -LRB- BIOSHOCK & MASS EFFECT -RRB- . So my review is based on first-hand experience of a core aspect of the game.Apparently EA would rather keep its customers in the dark . That is why , in the past month , EA Forums got censored , Wikipedia entries selectively edited and Amazon reviews repeatedly deleted . What is worse , Amazon -LRB- possibly without knowing it -RRB- is breaking the law which requires the full disclosure of bundled snoop-ware . LIMITED INSTALLS ? Yes , LIMITED INSTALLS !!! We only get to ride this shiny pony for ... 3 laps ! The official announcement mentions `` on 3 different computers '' but avoids to clarify what a `` different computer '' makes
 This game installs a very very bad DRM into the system that is near impossible to remove . If you were to download a version off of an illegal file sharing site it would not have this DRM . So those of us who wish to be legal end up buying the game and then downloading it anyways . so long as this game ships with DRM that can not be removed , or where users are not CLEARLY warned before hand , this game will get no more then a 1 star rating from me in ANY way.This is a very , very bad move for EA and Maxis . I used to really like Maxis too , I played SimCity , SimCity 2000 , SimCity 3000 , The Sims , SimTower and The Sims 2 , but the DRM on this just sucks , do n't get it .
 This game is very poorly made . It has nice graphics in general , but has lots of glitches that are somewhat minor however all together leave a bad taste in my mouth.I went to play the game after months of non-use , and used the downloader which you have to use in order to start playing , which I find very annoying . Then I found that the `` EA Downloader '' started updating itself . With no warning , it kicked me out and then when I tried again , it said that Flash was required and popped up IE . However , IE was put in a protected mode where I could n't install flash.Once I installed flash , I could open the EA downloader . But there was no obvious way to start playing ! I had to log into the download feature as if I had just bought another game from EA / maxis -LRB- very unlikely at this point -RRB- , and then lo and behold I was able to launch Spore.From there , it said there was a patch available . I allowed it to download , then it said `` Patch Failed '' with no explanation or help . I closed it and reopened it and tried again , and it started the patch installation . Now it 's in the proces of doing that and seems to be stuck.I do n't know why I bother with this , usually I do n't support software with such a stingy and crippled DRM -LRB- digital rights management -RRB- scheme . The game is mildly entertaining , I really just wanted to kill some time . Overall I give it a D.
 The DRM on this game ruins it really . Serious 3 computers and installs rootkits ? Last EA game i will ever buy.As for the game , it starts off great . Then goes downhill quickly from there . It gets repetitive , boring , the game is nearly impossible to win at because the Grox are unbeatable.Huge letdown ... last EA game ever .
 spore is very fun it is creative but in the end after you get to space stage you realise the game was stripped down of the fun and `` coolness '' it became a hollow shell of what it was destined to be . i waited 3 years for it and every time it was delayed . there were 3 `` official '' release dates spore became worse trough every `` release date '' first they removed the flora editor then the scientific eye sight and now they had removed the swimming . in the veacle creator it was VERY upseting to fans EVEN IF you put parts that have different attacks and different moving parts they do the same thing . and in spore YOU CANT BECOME EXTINCT OR COMPLETELY LOSE in the creature stage even if there are no member of your species if you use the mating call one `` magicaly '' appears infront of you , and when you kill the assigned number of the species the rest float up in the air and turn into light ! ISNT THAT SCIENTIFIC ! ISNT IT REALISTIC AND EVOLUTION RELATED ! EA ruined the best game in the world ! they gave stats to the feet and arms from 1-5 but if you have 10000 long legs you walk like and at the same speed as a one legged creature and in spore there is a restriction to what you can put on your creature if it is too complex you cant use it ! and if you use ANY even a small cheat you cant get accomplishments the only reason i still have spore on my computer is beacause HOPEFULLY EA will make an EXPANSION PACK THAT IS NOT A WASTE OF SPACE ! MEMORY AND TIME !
 Any game that I own , a physical copy of that I -LRB- the customer -RRB- bought from a retailer -LRB- not out of someone ones truck -RRB- , I will install on my computer , and future computers as many times as I please . If the game will not let me , I will pirate the software that I , already own . If EA has a problem with this , they can see me in court with my copy of a game that NOWERE on the box says you only get limited amount of installs.Such a shame ... I used to like EA .
 As many have written here this Game comes with the destructive securom . Anyone who plays Pc Games is familiar with this Virus disguised as Copy-protection . Until the Buyers refuse to purchase Games with this invasive Bug they will continue to install this unwanted registry kit and remember , it 's your Computer but you can not remove securam . What if I sat in your living room and refused to move , you might get upset , over time . This is my opinion .
 I really was looking forward to this game and was hugely disappointed at the quality -LRB- it 's very buggy -RRB- how simplistic it is and how un-fun it really is.It sounded like such a great idea but it 's almost like the developers spent all their time trying to make this creature creator and forgot about substance entirely.Don ' t worry about the DRM , this game is so unplayable that one install should be enough ... . better yet , do n't bother shelling out the money for this dreck .
 When reading the previews and even the mainstream reviews of Spore , the game seems to be one of the most creative and revolutionary games of our time , at least as far as creativity . Sadly , I feel for these previews and reviews as well . I even went against my better judgement and bought the game with it 's horrible DRM and limited activation policies . DRM is not the only flaw found in this game.The game is set up with several different gameplay modes , and while fun for a temporay time , is nothing more than what you get from a casual game . The first stage is a very easy Pac-man type game without the maze . You collect body parts to add to your creature , developing it 's form as a carnivor or veggie lover . The obstacles ? Other creatures are trying to collect parts too . However , anyone that 's played a game before will not have any trouble not dying . Afterwards , you get to run around on land and develop your creature while trying to friend or enemy other creatures on the island . This is pretty simple stuff too . Really , after this section , the game just turns into more ` creating ' for your own type of creature . That 's probably the best thing about the game is buildings , vehicles , and creatures are fully developed by you -LRB- as much as you can with their decent variety of add-ons -RRB- . The problem with this ? The AI is horrible and very easy.Really , the game turns into a basic casual game right after you mess around with creature creator . Actually , that 's about the time the fun ends . The only fun thing to do is develope your character . Otherwise , the RTS elements in this game likes any strength . This was a serious problem for me , and I 've hardly touched the game since day one.Another thing that was highly disappointing is the lack of any multi player . You can only fight against other horrible AI units that are incredible dumb and predictable . This game had to have been made for children or simple people.On top of that , yes , the game is infected with DRM and the most dreadful PC gaming experience on the planet
 This game was hyped to no end and it sounded as if the creature possibilities were extensive and all the usual labels were put on it , groundbreaking and almost endless possibilities . If you are thinking it might be good please do not waste your money as it is in many ways restrictive and unimaginative . If you wish to have any good stats in the game only a few parts are worth using . I got this game as a gift so I must act as if I like it . I simply ca n't remember a game that promised so much and delivered so little . Like so many times before the potential was there and I know they test the product , so what were they thinking at EA ? EA ought to have a complaints department and the limit of three activations is a joke because very few people are going to play this game more than a week . I view this game as little more than petty theft.I used to tell people notr to buy me computer games or hardware as this kind of experience was always the result and it looks as if I have to put that rule into effect again , and when they ask why My response will be `` SPORE '' .
 So ... I was totally excited to get this game before it came out . I bought it the first week and played it for a good while . I really like exploring the various options in a game when I first start playing , so I often play the 1st segments a few times before playing to completion.It was during that time that I realized a few things about the game -LRB- I 've yet to find myself willing to expend the time to finish it -RRB- :1 . The creature you build has very little variety from any other creature . There are a few bonuses that you get -LRB- Which you can totally live without -RRB- for following each of the three paths . Once you get to the space stage -LRB- the ` main ' part of the game -RRB- the path you took has very little bearing on how you play .2 . It 's WAAAAY too easy . I played on hard and never faced any sort of challenge . There are no consequences to losing at any point , since you are simply respawned with nothing lost .3 . It 's really repetitive . Once you 've been in space for about 10 minutes you 've done all you 're going to do . And you 'll do it many , many times .4 . In the creature stage -LRB- my personal reason for actually buying the game -RRB- the various bits you can change about your creature have no effect in game . If you give you 're creature 2 legs or 4 it moves at the same speed . 6 eyes ? So what . They work the same as 1.5 . The tribal and civilization stages are VERY easy and very boring . Even the first time through they 'll bore you .6 . There 's a lot of micromanagement when you 're in space . Space is BIG in this game -LRB- I mean you might think it 's a long way down to the chemistists , but that 's peanuts to space ! -RRB- and you might find yourself traveling for a few minutes just to return to a planet to deal with a simple problem . No problem is too small for you to deal with either . Through spending lots of $ -LRB- in game -RRB- you can make this better , but it never goes away .7 . During the space design there is no pretense that any choices you make are important . You 're spaceship can have 10 guns on it . . but it will act the same as a spaceship with 1 . At least in the earlier stages some benefits are given based on design .8 . It was sold as a science game ... there is nothing scientific about it .9 . There are a lot of things -LRB- buildings , ships , creatures -RRB- that are shaped like . . body parts . . wandering around . It gets very old very fast .10 . There 's a lot of clicking . LOTS of clicking.Basically the game just was n't that exciting . After playing for about 2 weeks I lost interest and moved on to other games . I just loaded it up a few minutes ago , played for 10 and quit.The worst part is that due to the copy-protection scheme I ca n't sell this game used to anyone -LRB- because they have no way of verifying how many times I installed it -RRB- . If you are considering this game , do yourself a favor and wait until it retails for $ 19.99 . You 'll feel ok spending that much on it , but any more and you 'll feel ripped off .
 I 've been reading about Spore for years , and having played all the SimCity-like games over the years , I was thoroughly excited for the next installation . I 've never been a fan of DRM , but I really could normally care less about some kind of activation scheme , so I came on Amazon to order the game . Much to my confusion , the game had an extremely low rating . I heard lots of talk abut SecuROM , so I checked out what all the Hullabaloo is about , and all I can say is WOW!By buying this game you are actively installing and running an honest to goodness piece of malware on your computer . It is a virus . It prevents you from performing tasks on your computer such as copying CD 's -LRB- does n't matter if their your own personal CD with your own files on it , or a CD of music that you bought , etc. -RRB- . By buying this game you are purposefully putting limitations on how you may use your computer . It is invasive and a breach of your privacy.As a result , I will not buy this game . I will not play this game . EA , you 've lost a solid customer .
 This game could be one of the best of the year , but because of the DRM I would recommend not getting it until it 's removed .
 I wo n't buy a game that wo n't let me resell it after I 'm done playing it .
 If , or should I say , when , EA gets the message and removes the DRM virus delivered along with the game , I 'd be happy to buy a copy .
 Wow , was hoping this game would be good to hold me over for a while till the big hitters came out in like a month for now , but you add DRM , wtf ! I am a college student who works with computers all day long , and have a good desktop and laptop , and would want to have my game on both . Even if I only kept it on my desktop , I upgrade every other month , and format my harddrive every so often . This is a huge setback for me and no way I would buy a game that simply allows me 3 activations . How about they just sell the games in activations ? EA is so lame sometimes!As for gameplay it is utterly horrible . I tried out the creature creator , and well I was hoping to play the game to get more of an insight , but then I read about how the mechanics work , simply they really missed on this game . Was suppose to be a blockbuster , now it 's just lackluster .
 securom is spyware . nuff said.its pitiful , if i buy a game i should be able to install it as many times as i want.shame one you ea . you make a wonderful game then handicap it.i hope these ratings lead to a patch , though i know , it being ea , that will never happen
 The game is amazing . Too bad I wo n't be buying it because they do n't wantto sell it to me . They want me to give them money to treat me like I ama criminal . No thanks
 Spore offers one of the more interesting gaming concepts in the last few years.Unfortunately , the game is marred by crippling copy protection that prevents legitimate owners of the game from easily playing it . Limited installs , online activation and drm that is incompatible with many normal programs you may already have installed on your PC.It 's such a shame that the distributor of the game treats its own customers as criminals and attempts to do their best to prevent you from actually playing the game.Not recommended unless you really want to play the game and have the help of someone very techie to help you get past the inevitable problems created by the copy protection mechanism .
 DRM makes this game unplayable . DO NOT BUY unless you are willing to spend a lot of time just trying to install the game and getting through all of their rights management crap.AGAIN DO NOT BUY !
 The game Spore brings oversimplification of good ideas to the table for the price of a modern work of art. 8 hours into the game and the audience has done nothing except click the left mouse button , or for the adventurous , dared to tilt the camera ever so slightly to get a look at some creature out of Dr. Seuss 's imagination hiding beneath a tree.While procedural content generation is certainly an admirable development concept to bring to the table , it would seem that Maxis has a lot to learn about developing fun and thought provoking games , and EA has as much , if not more , to learn about advertising and the consequences of placing copyright protection above customer satisfaction .
 Spore has several problems that prevent from achieving the grandiose dreams of Will Wright . These fall into two main categories
 The DRM issues aside , Spore is a fun game ... for the first hour.After you have gotten through all there is to go through in one world the game gets rather repetitive . The choices are n't near as in depth as one would hope them to be either . The only real customizable thing in the game is the creatures , buildings , and vehicles . Actual game play is always the same ... befriend or destroy other people .
 Even ignoring all the DRM issues , Spore is not a good game . Why ? It simply is n't fun . All the customization options are basically cosmetic only . There is no thought needed to play ; it 's mindless in the worst sense of the term . It 's a real shame , because the concept -- of evolution -- had great potential , but that potential has been lost . I do n't recall ever being this disappointed by a game from Maxis or its remnants before . This is the most disappointing game since MOO3 , and even that was patched to more fun than this drek .
 I must have been living in a bubble the last six months or so cause I did n't here anything about the DRM for this game until after I bought it and got home . A friend IM 'd me and told me about the DRM after I just got done installing it on my work laptop . Crap ! He said you only activate the game three times . That means three accounts on the same computer or three different computers or a mix of the two . Crap crap!So yeah . I was really upset about that . I installed it on my laptop , because my home pc bit the dust a few weeks ago . I figured I 'd uninstall it off my work laptop after I build my new pc . I also wanted to install it on my wifes IMac . So I did that . Two installs down . Ugh.So I started playing the game . The first stage is simple and fun and takes just the right amount of time . Your basically a cell creature and you need to swim around , eat , and try to avoid getting eaten . Makes sense . Let 's move on.The creature stage is where things start going down hill . Basically you 're on land now . The surface of the planet is covered with nests of other creatures that made it to the surface . It seems like the nests are an equal distance apart , but I 'm not sure if that is true . So that 's lame . You basically need to adust your creatures attributes to make friend or foe of the other creatures . You just wander the planet from nest to nest to gain DNA points from either singing and dancing with these creatures or killing them . You use the DNA points to adjust your appendages to help you befriend or kill creatures at other nests . If you die you return to your nest . No penalty at all . It 's like a series of minigames . You just keep pushing forward until you can move to the next stage . By this point in the gameplay I 'm starting to get worried . I was hoping that this was going to be a more complex game that would be more strict when it came to how the evolution worked . You can totally change your characters appearance any time you want and as many times as you want . What ? Why ? Ugh.This game is supposed reflect evolution , but there is no evolution . Find parts and mate , then see if the part will give you a higher attribute . The thing is you can drop every appendage , eyeball , body part , whatever reducing it to a plain nub and then add new different appendages on with no penalty . No evolution . No rules . I ca n't believe this after everything that we were lead to believe by the creators of this game . And at the end of the creature stage there is no more evolution for your creature . That 's it . And it does n't even matter what your creature 's appendages are anymore.I saw the video today called , `` Building a better being . '' It was on the Discovery channel or a channel like that . It was created in 2007 before the game is released . This video would sure lead anyone to believe that Spore would have sophisticated gameplay especially when it comes to evolution . But now I have the game . Everybody who was involved in making this documentary , must be shocked at how the game turned out . They must be thinking , is this the impression that we left on Will Wright when we were talking about the DNA Toolkit?But I digress ... I should point out that the controls do n't feel very solid and intuitive during the creature stage as well . You can use the familiar asdw keys for movement , but the camera control is really not good at all.I was hoping to see some RTS dynamics enter into the game from the tribal stage and onward . Unfortunately , the RTS dynamics are so shallow that I ca n't believe they released this game as it is.With the Tribal stage you can adjust the clothing that your tribe wears . Whoopieeee ! The controls are different yet poorly designed here as well.To be honest I did n't get past the Tribal stage . My disheartened experience does n't bring me to want to play the game anymore . I seem to be more entertained with reading the honest and poor reviews of the game than playing the game itself.When the other reviewers get past the negative aspects of the DRM they have just as much negative things to say about the game itself . The civilization and galactic stages are apparently less thrilling than the creature stage . They all say the same thing about how they were lead to believe that this game was going to have some strong RTS elements within it and good strategic gameplay . Wrong ! This game was release for casual gamers only and I think many casual gamers might be turned off by it.DRM is the least of this games worries . I 'm not sure how XPlay gave this game 5/5 . In fact , a lot of game review sites are giving this game a good numerical rating , but when you read the review they do touch on the big disappointments in the game . They 're tilting their scores to be favorable , but you need to read the review to get the real truth . These review sites are n't being harsh enough on this game . And that does n't do anyone any good . Will Wright is a smart guy . He 'll learn from this experience and maybe blow our socks of in a few years with a new game , but do n't patronize him now . He knows what he did . All of those developers do.I ca n't imagine that a series of patches will improve the gameplay enough to make anyone that is more than just a casual gamer happy . The inevitable expansion packs will bring new limbs , appendages , and clothes , and buildings , and whatever other crap to accessorize the game , but I doubt they 'll improve the gameplay.It 's too late.They let the primordial ooze out of the bag .
 EA has pushed it too far with their DRM on this game , you never own this game its as if you are just renting it from them.I was really excited about this product , but refuse to buy it with their DRM .
 Even if you do n't care about or do n't understand the awful DRM issues , there 's one more thing you should know : This game is rather boring.It plays like a dumbed-down version of several other games all strung together.The game does look fantastic for it 's graphics . The concept of playing in a universe populated by creations of other people playing the game is certainly unique , and what made me interested in the first place . All the different creature-creation tools are fun to play with . However , all these mean nothing if the game itself is dull . There 's nothing in the game itself that is `` compelling '' , that is , makes we want to continue playing .
 I like to know what is going on with my PC . I do not trust someone else to diagnose my computer errors . EA does n't care about potential customers who actually know about computers . We are acceptable losses . They 've said as much by continuing to point out that only 1 % of users installed Creature Creator more than 3 times , and only a third more than once . It is clear , to me , that in their thinking , all technophiles are potential pirates.In the past , it was teenagers who knew too much about technology and mp3s . Today it is computer hobbyists , professionals , or practically anyone who bothers with basic computer maintenance . This point can not be shown more than EA does itself . Routinely their suggestion for Securom issues is to disable your antivirus and firewall . If Securom is n't a threat , their advice for dealing with related issues certainly is.EA also clearly believes that households should purchase multiple copies of Spore . They believe families and roommates who share a game are just as much criminals as pirates using torrents . If this was n't the case there would be no need for a 3 activation limit , a number in the hundreds would have been just as effective for thrawting online piracy . EA proved that they believe in selling multiple copies of a game to the same household , by preventing people from even sharing a game on one computer via only one user account per game install . This is n't an anti-piracy measure , it 's an attempt to set the precedent that households are expected to buy more than one copy of the game .
 NO DRM !! LIMITATION TO ONLY 3 ACTIVATIONS FOR YOUR PAID GAMES ?? NOT WORTH IT AT ALL !!
 So . . waited ages for the game , installed on my main PC and a laptop for when I travel . Yup - main PC crashes - twice and could not reinstall Spore until I called `` home '' . Now I hear that no further installs are possible . Hmmm ... good policy this.Gameplay - from sea to space is boring as heck after the first time round - only the space element is playable more than once . Even then , I struggle to see why this has obtained rave reviews ; different playing strategies seem to result in little different outcomes . It is pretty and different but would not buy it again if I had known these things before.I recommend staying clear for both the DRM issues and the dreadfully limited replayability - 5 hours and was done .
 This is a playable game but lost its audience with its DRM scheme . I had to help a friend delete the Securom application off of his computer which was a pain in the *** . The piracy number stands close to 2 million last time I checked.I would recommend no one buy this game . Its worth downloading it coz there 's no malware or lock .
 Not just does EA threaten to ban user accounts on its game forum for bashing DMR but it makes a horrible game . It took me 2 days to be able to launch the game after installed it no thanks to that meddling DMR . Sorry EA but Spore and the way you went about releasing it is disgraceful . The game is boring , nice way to treat customers threaten to ban them for saying `` They do n't approve of the crap you sold them ''
 I played spore last night for the first time , and within a few hours , made it to space . The game is full of humor -LRB- in the classic Will Wright/Maxis style -RRB- and in general in fun to play . This however is about all the game has going for it . The game is insanely easy on all levels -LRB- space is more complex , and I have n't had a chance to explore that much -RRB- . The main problem with the game is how quickly you blast through it , and how shallow each section is.This is my exact experience last night : Made creature , made it a carnivore , ate stuff and died a bunch , adding `` upgrades '' as I got them . Ate stuff till I advanced . Got on land , killed stuff , ate it . Got more upgrades , applied as DNA allowed . Killed more stuff , ate more stuff , more upgrades , advance to tribal . In Tribal , made babies , made axes , attacked nearest , won . Made more babies . Got 2-3 to go fishing for constant food supply , all the rest were army . Gave every axes , upgraded gear to highest at all times , killed everyone , on to civilization . Built stuff , massed huge numbers of tanks/planes/boats , killed stuff , took over everything , space.Thats the game , thats not an exaggeration or a dumbed down version , that IS the game . The fun of this game is really the first 2 stages , and that was effectively available in the creature creator . We 'll see how space turns out , but I 'm already bored.Spore is lackluster and not worth $ 60 .
 Ok , I 'll start out saying that I did n't know about the DRM until after I 'd even played the game . It bugs me , but I 'll live with it.The game play itself is fun to a point . The first time through it 's really cool learning all the different nuances to the different stages of evolution -LRB- my favorite being the creature stage -RRB- . Play it again and you 'll feel like an old hand at a decent game . The next time through ... not so much . The lack of options -LRB- in a game hyped for unlimited options -RRB- is a real replay killer . That 's how it goes for me . Every time I try it out , I find that it 's lacking a great deal . The tribal and civilization games feel like they were thrown together too fast , or with an expensive expansion in mind.I 'd say the game is alright , but it lacks replay-ability and has some horrible software consequences for the buyer.I suggest waiting for the price to drop , a new version , or buying at your own risk/annoyance .
 I almost never post reviews of my purchases , but felt obligated to support the general outcry against the DRM implementation associated with this game.Summary
 I know its all been said . I just want to reiterate that EA has made a HUGE mistake with this garbage . They wo n't be seeing a red cent from me . I was going to purchase Spore today and ran across the plethora of complaints . I have been looking forward to it since I caught my first glimpse a year ago . Maybe kids do n't mind being shafted for $ 50 but at 39 years old I ai n't biting!What a BONEHEAD move by EA . Punish honest game purchasers with these absurd rules . A crack was released 4 days before the game even hit the shelf so what , exactly , have they accomplished besides infuriating hundreds of thousands of potential customers ? People that were n't going to buy it still are n't . They 've already patched it and are playing it . People who WERE going to are flocking to torrents like moths to a flame . WAY TO GO , EA !!! You just created MORE pirates . Maybe you should concentrate on COMMERCIAL piracy ... the REAL culprit.And we used to think the code wheels were bad . At least they did n't install software that could potentially destroy your data .
 This game falls far short of expectations . The best part of the game is the creature creator , which you can download for free . The game is split into 5 stages . The first 4 stages are fun , but do n't offer much challenge , do n't take very long to complete , and do n't offer much replayablility . The final stage -LRB- the spage stage -RRB- is obnoxious through and through . The final stage is very frustrating , and when its not frustrating , its repetitive and boring.I believed the hype . When the creator of The Sims says that they are coming out with a revolutionary Sim everything game , I believe it , but sadly it is not so . Compared to The Sims , this game does n't rate well at all . I only wish their was a way to get my money back.I , personally , do n't have an issue with the DRM . But I do have an issue with how this game was marketed . I feel duped and I wont be buying any EA titles or Will Wright games .
 First of all , let me start by saying this is a great , * great * game . Very fun and highly addictive . The game itself is everything you probably hoped it would be.Here 's the warning , though
 The game is to childish . Game play is not very creative and seem more like a little kids game with point and click.had problem installing since i have more than one computer at my house i use since there was digital right management built on the game .
 I had wanted to buy this game , but not now . I play some games for years . I still play Age of Empires Rise of Rome . I want to OWN the game if I pay $ 50 . I can understand registering for online content . I will not register on line to play a game at home . I do not expect the online activation to work even 5 years from now . Remember `` Plays for Sure '' ? Now it plays nothing.So EA gets the ultimate DRM . I do n't have the game and need 0 activations . Lost customers are the best DRM , they ca n't do anything with your product.Perhaps in a few years EA will release a gold edition that does not require me to beg EA to play the game . I 'll buy that .
 If it was n't for the DRM I would give it high scores . However , it is asking to much to have only 3 installs . I would wait until EA gets it through their thick heads to remove the install limits before buying it .
 I purchased spore because I am a staunch supporter of Will Wright , and I like the way he thinks . The game has been geared to appeal to the `` mass audience '' which , I guess , is largely aiming for people who do n't play video games . Each stage can be played through with your own custom creature , but largely the goals and missions of each stage do n't change : Cell = Eat and grow and stay alive.Creature = Eat and make friends or wipe out enemiesTribal = make friends or wipe out enemiesCiv = make friends or wipe out enemiesSpace = explore , colonize , terraform , and -LRB- yes -RRB- make friends or wipe out enemies.While Space is amazing , and worth the price all by itself , the rest of the spore experience feels really shallow and kinda pointless . And once you 're in space , you can only play it for so long before realizing you 've seen all there is to see , and that every planet you explore is much like the last planet you saw . Worse , confined to your spaceship , there 's precious little reason to care about which particular herbivore inhabits whatever planet you see . There are literally millions of planets , and none of them are worth exploring.And that 's the game in a nutshell . Not bad , but not great . Definitely fell short of its potential . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I personally love EA games . I just tried to download spore from their online store . There 's something screwed up somewhere and I am unable to download the game . That 's not really a big deal to me , as long as I could get that fix . However , tech support for EA sucks . You could try calling them , but if your questions does n't fall exactly into one of their most common simple problems , the machine does n't know how to answer you . You might think that at this point the machine might transfer you to a real live person to answer your question , but no . It recommends that you go online and check the same commonly asked questions or e-mail one of their staff your question . So I of course e-mail them and according to their e-mail back letting me know they have received my e-mail , they should get back to me in 24 hours . The key word here is SHOULD . It 's been over 60 hours and they just e-mailed me a list of those same questions and answers that was listed on the phone to me and on the internet . My question does n't fit into one of their nice pre cut cookie cutter questions and answers so that does n't help me . It did ask me to update my question if none of those questions and answers helped out . So , I have , and now I 'm sitting here waiting for a response to my question , hoping I have n't paid $ 50 for absolutely nothing and a headache.I have seen the game already , played it at a friends house . I like it . I recommend not getting it though , there seems to be a lot of problems right now and tech support wo n't help you .
 1 . Performance on Apple Imac is very substandard , on 20 '' white Imac , 2.16 Ghz with 3GB memory perofrmance is only moderately acceptable with all graphics options , except player texture , set to `` low '' , at which point the game is Ugly , Very Ugly .2 . Draconian DRM , It turns out you can only install three times . After finding the performance on an apple Imac to be unacceptable I deleted it and Installed on my Laptop . Now I only have one install left , and we all know how stable Microsoft Windows is , especially on a laptop that get lugged around . If I have to use a system restore disk or anything goes wrong I 'm probably screwed . If I go past three I have to call EA and like Oliver Twist ask for more pooriage , while being treated like a pirate or criminal . Had I known about the DRM I would n't have purchased it .3 . Gameplay is far less tha stellar . The first stage as a single cell is pointless . The second stage `` creature '' is nearly so . You go around either eating and extinctifying other creatures or trying to ally with them , which involves dancing and singing . Your reward for either of these ; a few DNA points so your creature advances . No sharing of food , no other real benefits . Kill or be killed . I 've only just started `` tribal '' stage so I 'll have to stop reviewing here.Bottom Line , it 's not worth the hassleContinuing where my previous review ended.Apple Version : Performance on any IMAC is ABYSMAL . Do n't bother it is n't worth it . The game uses a version of WINE -LRB- a windows emulator -RRB- to provide Macintosh functionality . SO EA is n't really developing '' Games for the MAC '' they are developing games for PCs and packing them with a windows emulator . Stinks . On an Imac it is n't playable on anything above the lowest settings.On with the windows version.Cell Stage . Try to eat and not be eaten . That 's the sum and total of it . Very little design , strategy or fun.Creature stage . Probably one of the more fun stages you actually get design and use creatures . It 's highly flawed though . Parts with certain looks are better than other parts , so all the best animals fall into a very few design areas , using the same 20 or so of about a hundred parts . The part of the game dealing with alliances is very cutesy and totally out of place in the rest of the stage . You pose , dance sing or wiggle your butt to get another creature to like you . That 's it.Tribal stage ... The most boring hour you 'll ever spend on a computer . It 's like an RTS version of the creature stage ... but Much Much More boring . I 've had Excel spreadsheets that were more fun.Civilization stage is like a dumbed down military RTS and actually a little fun , if very limited in scope and time . You can create one type of ground , sea and air vehicle , only one type of each and you have to fight for leadership of your world . It 's over too quickly , and you 'll regret it because next is ... Space Stage ... where you try to raise money you need to take over the galaxy , typical missions pay 30-100K and it may take over a million bucks to properly colonize a world . The more worlds you know the more often you get asked for help . The fun quickly leaves the galaxy whe you have three minutes to save a planet from ecological collaspe , fight off three pirate raids , save a couple of alliances and you need 500k for the weapon you need to fight the pirates with , neccisating about five additional missions.If you have a problem . . YOU ARE OUT OF LUCK . I have two copies of spore in my family , problems connecting to the login server , several game issues and six outstanding technical requests . The same six I opened three days ago . If you go the spore site and submit a request , you 'll get a message about how popular spore is and how it caught them totally of guard so EA is having problems meeting it 's support request burden . It 's all smoke and mirrors for the typical bad EA tech support . They new exactly how popular the game was going to be , they had preorder figures and still did n't give a damn about their customers . Which is why after three days they have n't even acknowldeged my tech support requests , much less provided any attempted answers.Oh . by the way you can have one account per computer , so you 'll share your universe with anyone else using the computer . And you can only install the game three times . I 've already used four of the installs on the two copies I bought due to performance problems on the Mac version , and the arrival of a new computer.BOTTOM LINE . A Cute but marginal game with limited playability , annoying and senseless limitations and DRM designed to punish the paying customer . Performance on any IMAC is ABYSMAL .
 See the numerous reviews citing DRM issues . I upgrade my machines and am pretty lousy at keeping track of physical disks . I have no interest in being pointlessly forced to call EA support in the event that I have to reinstall my game a few times .
 I 've been reading about Spore for the last couple of years and was ready to buy it on the day of release , but having read about how bad the DRM system is , which basically installs lots of backdoors on the system , I 'm going to wait to see if it comes out on the Wii instead .
 What the heck ? THREE computers ? Are you serious ? I really really wish I could return this game : -LRB-
 Boycott this game , no matter how good or bad it may be , until these clowns ditch the idiotic DRM .
 This DRM is ridiculous . I bought this directly from the EA store and I have no idea how many activations I can make . Even reading online about the retail box version I see a 3 and a 5 activation limit . Nowhere before during or after downloading from EA or before during or after installing was I told how many activations I have total or remaining . I hope if I still like this game a few years and computers from now I will still be able to install and play it . I did buy it after all .
 The game has been just released . But I am not going to buy it . I used to a have a standing pre-order but not anymore , that has been long canceled . I gave EA a chance to mend its ways but it failed . Here is why.This is a warning Review . Warning of the dangers of the harbored Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- subroutine that comes unavoidably bundled with the game . This type of DRM -LRB- SecuROM 7 . xx with Limited Installations -RRB- is well known as it has already been used in at least two other games -LRB- BIOSHOCK & MASS EFFECT -RRB- . So my review is based on first-hand experience of a core aspect of the game.Apparently EA would rather keep its customers in the dark . That is why , in the past month , EA Forums got censored , Wikipedia entries selectively edited and Amazon reviews repeatedly deleted . What is worse , Amazon -LRB- possibly without knowing it -RRB- is breaking the law which requires the full disclosure of bundled snoop-ware . LIMITED INSTALLS ? Yes , LIMITED INSTALLS !!! We only get to ride this shiny pony for ... 3 laps ! The official announcement mentions `` on 3 different computers '' but avoids to clarify what a `` different computer '' makes
 What 's Great : - Creature Creator - Vehicle Creator - Building Creator - Sound - Fun animations and gizmos - The game 's overall `` personality '' is fun.What 's Bad : - Controls are inconsistent throughout each phase and poorly done . Bugs abound . Clicks do n't register or multiple clicks are needed . - Camera controls are awkward . Nearly all of the UI aside from the creature creator UI is poor and could be done much better . - No contextual commands are available whatsoever -LRB- which would have made things so much easier -RRB- . - The game suffers from `` telephone syndrome '' where you are constantly being called away from doing things you want to do , to address things that you do n't want to do . - The best parts of the game end quickly . The Civilization phase is more fun than the space phase in many ways and ends faster . - The tribal phase controls are a total disaster . Do n't train people to use one type of camera and movement control and then switch everything around a minute later . Total Fail . - Controls are n't user customizable . - Sometimes the game wants to you left click to execute an `` action '' and other times it wants a right click . Make up your mind ! Total Fail . - No ability to invert mouse look . I guess Will wright thinks everyone is exactly like him , or should be forced to adopt his way . - Things are not well explained , in the space phase you can often be totally lost in terms of what you are supposed to do . - Bugs Bugs Bugs . I 've run into a lot of them , including running into a race with the exact same name and looks as mine . `` Hi we 're you , but you 're not you , we 're now going to attack ourselves by attacking you ! '' ... Mobs spawn inside rock formations so you ca n't reach them . etc. . Lots of bugs . - DRM . I think this has been addressed but yeah . It sets off my virus software each time I run it . I 'd get my money back if I could .
 My wife and I bought 2 copies of Spore for our computers . We have 2 kids and planned on letting one play on her computer with her copy and the other playing on my computer with my copy . However the game only allows for 1 login per install . So if I let one of my kids play on my copy they use the same universe and can basically destroy anything I 've setup . There appears to be no way to allow a second login to work -LRB- which is contrary to other EA games like Sims 2 -RRB- . We 're trying to figure out the best way to do this and will probably give our kids other planets to stay on or something . But this issue has definitely limited our experience . My guess is that this is part of the whole overly protective attitude they 've seem to have taken which is why I 'm rating this 1 star.I could care less about DRM and understand the need for it . But at least allow multiple users to play with different logins on the same machine without risking other player 's content . That type of feature has been around for nearly a decade now . It just does n't make sense that EA did this . Somebody there just is n't thinking about the customer scenarios . If they fix this to allow multiple logins -LRB- even at a small sum -RRB- I 'll probably up the rating.A single user wo n't feel this pain but any family/couple is going to find that this sucks . I now have to be home here to login with my EA account so my kid can play instead of just providing him with his own account .
 The copy protection PREVENTS YOU FROM TAKING YOUR SAVED GAMES -LRB- your `` profile '' -RRB- AND PLAYING ON A FRIEND 'S PC!The system requirements , or indeed , no advertising materials whatsoever make no mention of SecureROM . There is also no mention that EA lets you only `` activate '' the game 3 times.What this means that when you install the game , you must activate it before playing . This leaves you with 2 activations left.The problem with this is that the game can go into `` activation required '' mode for a number of reasons , one of them being adding hardware.EA has never mentioned what kind of hardware , so it could require activation every time you add a printer , a scanner , even a BluRay drive . If you upgrade to Vista -LRB- or switch back to XP -RRB- , that will require another activation.If you have to take your computer in for service and they have to reload it , that will also count as one of the activations . Everyone knows how bad spyware and viruses can be , and because of this DRM , you face the prospect of having to rebuy Spore in addition to the cost of getting your computer reinstalled.If you beg EA and fax in your proof of purchase , they MAY grant you one additional activation for a total of 4 . After that YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY THE GAME ANYMORE . You agree to all this in the terms and conditions during the installation process.Once your 3 -LRB- maybe 4 -RRB- activations are all up - you will own a $ 45 piece of plastic that is completely and utterly worthless.Even if you 're ok with all that - part of the copy protection PREVENTS YOU FROM TAKING YOUR SAVED GAMES -LRB- your `` profile '' -RRB- AND PLAYING ON A FRIEND 'S PC -LRB- who `` activated '' with another key -RRB- . This is just plain stupid.As for SecureROM ? It is bad software and has affected many people 's computers in the past in very negative ways -LRB- crash when trying to burn cds , etc -RRB- . There are literally thousands of people complaining about SecureRom on the internet . There is also an almost complete lack of anything positive about SecureROM . Do n't take my word for it - go run a few searches.I 've had problems with SecureROM in the past -LRB- a game would refuse to run if the CD drive was connected via USB -RRB- . I emailed both the Vendor and SecureROM - each company will tell you to talk to the other and you will get NO SUPPORT for any issues . In the end , I figured out it did n't like USB CD drives.Because of SecureROM , I was not able to play the game on my subnotebook -LRB- no built in drive -RRB- . I had to mail the game into the vendor for a refund because the store would n't take it back . It took them 3 months to send me a refund .
 This game looks good , but overall it 's just not fun to play.Having now played through the various stages of the game at least once , I can safely say that the game is disappointing . The start is very promising , but as you progress , you realize that your choices are actually very limited . You can be peaceful , aggressive , or intermediate , which correspond roughly to herbivore , carnivore , or omnivore , respectively . This narrow choice of strategies , combined with the grind required to find `` parts '' for your creature in the early stages really limits the experience.The grind for `` parts '' , combined with the limits placed on how your creature can `` evolve '' really dampen the limited fun that might have been garnered as a creature builder . For example , while you can build a six legged creature , you are charged more DNA points , even though a six legged creature has no advantage over a 1-legged creature . If more legs equated to some sort of evolutionary advantage , I could understand the limit , but since it amounts to an aesthetic choice , it makes no sense to artificially limit your choices.The much hyped evolution concept is non-existent . You simply build your creature from parts that you find , like a paper-doll . The parts have statistical values , and these determine your success with the limited strategies available to you . You run around with your paper doll , make friends or enemies , and move on . Rinse , repeat.If you enjoy paper dolls , you 'll enjoy this game . If you 're looking for the evolution simulation that Spore was purported to be , keep looking because Spore is not it .
 May I present a TRUE review on this game in its entirety -- Basically 5 games in one : First phase -LRB- ` Pool ' -RRB-
 Currently I rate this game bad been following and think the game itself looks like it has great potential . Here is why I rate so low.Cons1 . Ability to play the only way for me to access the Demos or whatever you want to call them is to lower my security settings on my system . Here is my issue with this I did that for Mass Effect giving the benefit of the doubt after it crashed my computer and left files I could n't remove it was easier to wipe my system and lose everything . To me that seems like Malware .2 . 3 Activation limit I upgrade computers and have several of them at my house I just cut down to 4 and am looking to buy another by this My game will be useles before long . I play baldurs gate the original and fallout still these are some of my favorites . Ive reloaded numerous times I fail to see how this helps fight piracy also . If I own a copy of a game Im allowed a backup copy and I belive Im also allowed to get that game as a rom even and play on an emulator . How does 3 activations limit pirating if I pirated an ran out of three activations Id just pirate another This is more of a resell to paying customers package .3 . EA 's buisness practices with there security . They dont label it on there packaging nor put a disclaimer that this Sofware will harm your system and bypass your admin rights to your computer . Also Ive heard not sure but gamers tried a petition to ask EA not to put this DRM on game those people were temporarily banned from the forums and those petitions were deleted not a very customer friendly concept.Pros1 . The concept of the game I love these types of games and this is the most indept game Ive seen . I think if the game works right it would provide hours of play2 . The graphics are outstanding3 . One DRM feature was taken away which is the ten day actiavtion by internet which is great being military we dont see internet in all our locations so this is a nice step in the right direction to not alienate those that are away from the comfort of home.After all is said and done I currently give the game one star for its inability to be played if EA takes a more customer friendly approach and I have no fears of crashing my system then I will boost my rating to reflect improvements but fo now it stays a 1
 I will admit that I was a spore fanboy . Until I purchased it that is . I 've been waiting for this game for years shouting from the rooftops every time a new game play movie appeared on YouTube . Now that the game is out my disappointment is palpable . There is n't enough time or space in this section for me to detail all of the faults so I 'll just touch on two of my biggest issues.Disjointed game play - in interviews you hear Will Wright and the other developers talk about all the different teams working on the different parts of the game . One thing you did n't hear about is how the team then came together to combine the different parts into a greater whole . That is readily apparent as you progress through the different levels of spore . In the creature phase you use the left mouse click to interact with objects/creatures and the right mouse click to change your camera angle . Pretty standard stuff . Fast forward to the tribal phase and now the right click is to interact , the insert/home/end keys are used for camera and the left mouse click is ... frustration.Uniquely the same - the promise of being able to create a unique creature and guide it through its evolution was a huge draw for many people . The creature creator reinforced this idea by giving the player a pool of DNA points to spend limited by the complexity of your design and your imagination . It was a huge hit . Unfortunately somewhere between the creature creator and the shipped copy something went horribly awry . No longer could you stack similar creature parts to boost a statistic instead you had to stack dissimilar parts to get the desired effect . An example would be that in the creature creator if you wanted to build a stealthy creature that looked like grass , you could stick 4-5 grass pods on your back , arrange them how you like and poof you 've got your +5 stealth creature that looks how you want . Fast forward to the release copy of the game and you can stick those same 4-5 grass pods , arrange them how you like and poof you 've got your +1 stealth creature ... what ? In order to reach the +5 stealth mark now you have to add 1 grass pod , 1 rock , 1 leaf , 1 feather , etc. . Instead of getting the creature you wanted you now have a random assortment of parts.I could go on and on about other problems in the game but it all adds up to making spore an un-fun experience . It 's not fun to re-learn the controls every phase . It 's not fun to have to compromise your creatures design to make it through the phase . The development team managed to take the fun aspects of the creature creator and customization tools and pair them with extremely un-fun game play in each of the phases to create a messy system with no cohesion . Much to my disappointment the laundry list of game breaking problems in this game makes it hard for me to believe that this game can be salvaged any time soon and as such I can not recommend anyone purchase this product until such a time as a massive overhaul has been completed.look to
 Spore breaks Windows Media Center . Once Securom was installed , I have n't been able to record any television with my computer .
 My wife and I have both spent hours enjoying EA Games content . My wife , in particular , has been a big fan of the Sims games and we were both really excited about the concept of spore . I first heard about it a year ago and have been anxiously awaiting its release.The games we play were purchased legitimately.I will not be purchasing this game.I take great care with my computer . I do n't download software unless I am certain of the security of the source . I use utilities that keep the computer safe and secure and running smoothly . My computer is not just a toy but also a tool that I use to manage finances , obtain information , and work.I am an avid gamer and own many of the latest big titles . I also completely understand that EA Games has a right to protect their software from piracy . After all , as a corporation , the major goal is profit generation.That said , secretly installing draconian malware that subverts my machine 's security and performance and circumvents my ability to manage what is installed on my machine is unacceptable . Specifically ,1 - Restricting a paying customer to a certain number of activations needlessly restricts legitimate purchases and does nothing to combat piracy . It also puts the player in danger of eventually finding his game unplayable despite having likely never been informed that what he thought was a game purchase was actually a $ 50 lease for a yet unknown amount of time . It is also well documented that this number of activations can be used up , not just by installing on a new computer , but by replacing minor pieces of hardware -LRB- RAM , sound card , etc -RRB- or even with BIOS or firmware -LRB- driver -RRB- updates . Many gamers will find they burn through their activations without ever installing the game on a new machine . International buyers will also find outrageous phone costs for attempts at gaining additional activations , and EA games claims it is under no obligation to allow additional activations and has not revealed what a customer will have to do to prove that they are not a pirate .2 - The fact that the DRM software can not be removed -LRB- even after removing the related game -RRB- is abusive . We already know that the SecuRom software works in a way that can actively interfere with hardware and software functionality and can refuse to allow game use if perfectly legitimate software is active -LRB- such as Microsoft 's Process Explorer -RRB- .3 - The way SecuRom works and even the fact that it is installed is completely cloaked . While obscure references to information reporting are included in the EULA , the user is never told how this software will effect his system . Moreover , EA Games has proactively suppressed community discussion of SecuRom , making it increasingly difficult make an informed decision about whether the value of playing Spore outweighs the liability of having SecuRom lurking on your machine.The SecuRom that is packaged with Spore is malware . It is installed on your machine without the user 's informed consent , it reports undisclosed information to a remote location , and it actively interferes with many legitimate applications . I will not install this on my computer.Perhaps , as we make more aware of what exactly they are getting when they install Spore , EA Games will lose enough business that they 'll be more respectful of their customers with subsequent releases . I hope that is true . In the mean time , I 'll be playing something else .
 Do not purchase any games with either Steam or Securom -LRB- DRM -RRB- . These gaming companies want you to pay $ 60 to basically rent a game -LRB- limited installs , can not resell the game -RRB- I will not purchase any games that install spyware/rootkits on my computer and I recommend you do the same . Be an informed consumer , research what these programs do . There is a reason the companies that publish these games do n't offer any information when purchasing these games about securom/steam , they know an informed consumer would never install these malicious and damaging programs . Do yourself and the entire gaming community a favor and do not purchase these games .
 The first 4 parts of the game are just eat , evolve , grow . Nothing more . cell stage was interesting only because it was a novel idea . the other 3 stages blow and are boring . Space looks great and is fun for about 2 hours after that it 's very repetative and boring . The game is very easy . I aslo do n't like the drm , $ 50 to rent a game stinks . Limiting my installs is retarded .
 I understand the rally against EA 's DRM , and I agree they should have chosen a different path , but this space is not a forum , it is a REVIEW mechanism.I have a short review of this game - I found it utterly missing the mark and a completely underwhelming gameplay experience . I really wanted this game to be the ` God/Intelligent Design/Evolution/Epic Adventure ' simulator it was claiming to be . It 's pretty , it has some unique and slightly intriguing elements but ultimately it 's borderline boring and predictable . I have read and fully agree with the reviews that call it 5 blah games leading up to a ` oh so close to interesting ' final act.The replay factor is also low - I have no desire to see how my herbivore will fare if I choose a carnivore path ; the choices , while cosmetically different , result in very similar outcomes with no real surprises . You make a friend or you eat an enemy , you gift a culture or you assimilate it , you plant a colony or you lose one . The first play through is pretty much what your 3rd or 4th will be like . Minor differences at best.What IS interesting is the creation aspect of the various stages and Will Wright has always been a master at that . I thoroughly enjoyed creating weird creatures and mix and match houses with my 5 year old . The creative aspects of those moments are well done and superbly executed . But this does not make for a ` complete ' game.I paid for the Creature Creator when it came out and frankly if that pre-game allowed free roam and minor interactions I would have thought it was $ 10 well spent . As it is I paid a total of $ 60 for a weekend 's worth of uninspiring play . It 's already un-installed from my PC and I wo n't have to worry about the DRM causing me ANY trouble .
 I cant belive i have to buy this game twice just to get installed on all my home computers . What is EA thinking are they trying to scam me for more money everyone beware yu can only install this game a max of 3 times . not only did i return this stupid scam so did all my friends and co workers who bouth this game .
 I really would 've like to play this game but EA decided to add SecuROM and as much as I like to get reamed by big corporations and spend an hour on the phone to reactivate my game every two months I think I 'll pass .
 This DRM is n't going to stop game piracy and EA knows it . The SecuROM DRM contained in Spore is for implementing EA 's new stand alone pc game subscription business model . You pay for the game but do n't own it in any way shape or form . You relinquish your right to make a back-up copy , install it as many times as you wish on your pc 's , and re-sell it . If you do some research online you will see that this is all part of EA 's new business model , along with `` micro-transactions '' and in-game advertising . As bad as this may sound for the future of pc gaming , all hope is not lost . As consumers we have the power to flex our muscle and tighten our grip on our wallets .
 EA has recently been attempting to change its image in the gaming community from a project-killing developer sweat shop to something more positive -- but this happening to what it surely expected to be a video game blockbuster is doing it no favors . - The RegisterThat sentence above about sums it up . DRM has been bad in the past -LRB- if you scratch a CD you can not install the game , and you ca n't backup the CD -RRB- but this takes it to new levels . You can only install this game three times . Ever . Have a laptop ? A computer for the kids ? Plus your own ? You 've used up your installs . What if you need to reformat your hard drive and reinstall ? Ca n't because you are out of installs .
 i was about to buy it when i read all that about the drm glad i did n't . I wo n't install any game in my computer that contains any DRM , ever !
 After seeing the advertisement for this game , I was excited to buy it , unaware of the DRM . After reading about the nature of the DRM , I will not buy this game and I will tell all my friends not to buy it . Essentially , this purchase would be a $ 50 rental , which is consumer exploitation .
 DRM makes this game suck.the fun is sucked out and swirled in a blender of content for gamers around the world.we waited years for this ?
 3 installs ??? EA is a joke , first no Madden 09 for PC ?? PC was the best version , the graphics and gameplay were far superior to any console version . And now Spore 's nasty DRM , take some advice , TPB for an ISO works much better .
 I researched a little about DRM before I submitted this review and certainly I felt that I will be paying to mess up my PC . I will not purchase any game with DRM . I think it is time to go back and play some of my DRM free games .
 ... I ca n't support a game that limits to three installs . And I plan on refusing delivery and returning it back to Amazon . Along with many others , I reformat/reinstall hard drives and software often and do not always have the luxury of the internet everytime I do . Right now it seems like a pirated version would provide less of a hassle than a legit copy -LRB- not advocated pirating , however -RRB- . I would be fine with a three install limit if it only limited the number of installed copies at any time , not the total number of installs aloud.I am still interested in the game , I will just hold off for the time to see how this whole DRM fiasco unfolds .
 Anyone who has read these reviews can figure out that Spore will have DRM . For those that do n't know the extent of damage and `` big brother '' that DRM will bring , just Google up DRM and read some of the news articles . There is NO need for this .
 Seriously , EA , give it up . Get rid of the DRM so everyone can enjoy the game they supposedly own . The game was leaked early despite all the precautions so they obviously do n't work , they just make nice people who pay for the game really pay for it in headaches .
 We had the problem with DRM with music , EA you need to listen to what we 're saying that DRM is unfair . This is a great game and has limitless potential , but your bring its potential down . DRM sucks and I think that everyone agrees on that , so your company needs to remove it .
 I was really looking forward to this game and planned on purchasing it until I found out it was infected with Securom DRM . No Thanks !!!
 I purchased the game yesterday , and after moving it to my home computer after work , and putting it on my laptop to take to Taiwan with me next week , I have hit the limit allowed by DRM . Do these people even have a clue?The people who are trying to pirate the game have already done so ! It 's people like me , who actually pay for the damned games that get screwed . But , I guess I 'll get used to it . I just lost 80 % of my Freddie Mac stock too , because of all the losers out there that ca n't play by the rules!In the end , I recommend sending these publishers a message . 1 star reviews for DRM games .
 Forget this one.There 's no way I 'm buying a game with a DRM virus . There are better ways of wasting your time and money than supporting a company that will do this .
 Spore is a great game but DRM really contricts you to one computer . My brother wanted to play it but we could n't install it on the family pc
 I buy about one game a year . I was looking forward to buying this one . The premise is great and the previews look awesome . But I will never knowingly buy anything that installs anti-piracy cruft on my machine . Never .
 Sorry but the DRM is getting out of hand . It seems publishers will only learn when they see how much it cuts into their bottom line . My kids love the Sim series of games but they wo n't be playing Spore anytime soon thanks to the DRM . I regularly rebuild our systems from scratch to keep them running well -LRB- and clear out the clutter my kids pick up -RRB- . If 3 activations is all I get then I 'm not going to spend the money , no matter how good the game .
 Stop treating your paying customers as criminals and then maybe you will get better reviews
 I had high expectations for this title until I found the DRM sucked up resources on older systems . Hopefully the next version will correct these problems .
 It has messed with my machine and I will soon be forced to buy a new Spore because their 3 install limit and my system wipes and hardware upgrades . Thanks for coming through for us ea ...
 The game is really fun and excellent , but is hindered by the fact that it contains terrible DRM.I should not be told how many times I can reinstall a product that I have bought . If I need to reinstall Spore for whatever reason , I should be able to . Thankfully , there are crackers who can get around such retarded copy protection .
 I was hyped for this game for 1 year . Now that it 's released , I 'm no longer interested . DRM is fine and should stay around but 3 installs is just stupid .
 I could n't wait to buy this game , but now I 'm going to . The DRM is reprehensible and I will not purchase until it is gone .
 Spore was suppose to be about evolving your creature , NOT putting a million legs on it for the hell of it . I do n't want to design my creature by slapping stuff on it . I want to design it by evolving it a specific way to get that trait . Disappointed ... And lets not even talk about the DRM ...
 Personally , I do n't really care about the DRM restrictions . I dont resell my games and I have one computer so the number of installs doesnt really bother me , but WHOOOPS ... . now I discover I cant have multiple players on the same ` account ' . So now my wife and I have to choose WHO will get to play Spore , not simply for an evening but EVER since multiple ` players ' are not allowed.This is just stupidity . Spores is NOT an MMO , it does have an online content aspect , but there is no interaction between players and no competition between players , so it is a single player game just with ` on the fly ' content download.If multiple players are not allowed to play the game , it should state it clearly on the box so it is not purchased . I am upset with EA.Anyway , if anyone knows how two people can play the game on one computer , please post it .
 The fact that this game was leaked , hacked and cracked before its release , combined with the horrid review scores being posted around the web , just proves all the critics were right . Insane DRM DOES NOT PREVENT ANYTHING , it only serves to PUNISH people who obey the law and try to support a product . That said , I 'd like to thank EA for helping me to make the decision to never pre-order anything ever again .
 I 'm very disappointed that EA has chosen to treat us all like criminals . I 've always enjoyed Will Wrights games , and have been looking forward to Spore for years . I am not a criminal , and I refuse to pirate these games , so there is unfortunately no way I can play this game . Well , atleast the criminals who are willing to pirate it will be able to play unhindered , good thinking EA ! I 'm angry that I 've spent several hundred dollars with EA in the past , and this is how they treat me . I will not do business with them again until these issues are resolved .
 Wow , I ca n't believe I bought this , was a pile of trash . Will Wright can save his snarky comments about his game - maybe if he saves them up he can post them on the walls of his new cardboard box to remind him of the epic failure that is Spore.I went from the beginning of the game to the end in like 6 hours ... none of it was really interesting - and for something so long in development it makes me wonder if the creators did n't just drink and play hackey sack all day instead of working on this . It 's like a 10 year old made the game and then the EA staff put flashy graphics on it . DUMB.Enjoy my $ 50 , the next time you come out with something that ` might ' interest me , i 'll wait 3 + months to see if it 's a steaming pile like this one is.Thanks for nothing .
 Incredible ... I was pestering my dad to buy me this game , and then when I saw all these reviews , EA is one of the worst companies on the face of the planet ! I can tell that Spore is a great game , but what 's so great about it when you can only install it three times . Please ... Their plot to prevent piracy backfired and now people are trying even harder to get it pirated and hacked to make themselves heroes to to those evil video game downloaders . Now that I see it , I should focus my attention in getting some other computer game or wait until EA gets smart and removes the DRM that 's causing so many problems . I 'm glad that all these reviewers were kind enough to give their opinion and helped me not waste 50 bucks before it 's too late .
 For people reading these reviews who might be confused what ` DRM ' stands for , it means Digital Rights Management , or essentially , copy and piracy protection.On this particular game , you can not play your fully-purchased copy without installing SecuROM , a draconian anti-piracy software , onto your computer at a system level where it can not be removed . The game will then allow you to have 3 installs , max , before it will cease to work and will advise you to ` purchase a new copy ' if you wish to continue playing . How thoughtful!So why might you install a game more than once ? There are many common reasons including upgrading your hardware , recovering from computer crashes , reformatting your drives , installing on a laptop for mobile play , upgrading Windows , or even just uninstalling after playing a few weeks and then wanting to play again a few months down the road . Every time you do any of this , you will burn one of your installs.Want to put in a new video card to play the game with better graphics ? There goes your second install . Going on a trip and want to play on your laptop ? There goes the last install . And now you 're out of luck . Have fun with your fifty dollar coaster and enjoy the irony that pirates around the world are playing this game without any of these ridiculous hassles -LRB- an irony that is particularly juicy considering EA is implementing all these horrific anti-piracy precautions that severely punish their paying users but have , in fact , done absolutely nothing to prevent the title from being pirated -RRB- . People are posting these low reviews of this game to educate and protect the consumer . Do not support companies that treat you like a thief . Wait on your purchase and if EA removes the DRM in a patch because of the public outcry , you can then spend your money with confidence knowing you are actually * buying * the game instead of just renting it .
 This game is novel in the beginning , even fun , but as you progress though the levels it becomes tedious and trivial . You play forever and get nothing except for more grind and crummy gameplay.And the DRM , which is copy right protection for those who may not know , is insane . You have to be connected to the internet or no play . Have a system failure and reinstall , careful only one more install left . Thats right you can only install the game 3 times , then you have to call so EA can make sure your not a crook.The bottom line is if you buy this game then EA will treat you like a criminal !!!
 Deciding to ignore the DRM hysteria -LRB- after all , I 'd been waiting for this game 's release , on the metaphorical edge of my chair , for two years up to that point -RRB- , I bought this game the day it came out . The attitude in the GameStop was generally positive and excited . There were other eager gamers in line with me . The cashier knew what we were all likely to ask for ahead of time.Now , even if this game presented any kind of substantial gaming experience , worthy of the slightest replay -- if it tempted me , even the tiniest little bit , while doing my homework , to stop what I was doing and make a butterfly lizard creature and take over the universe with him -LRB- instead of , you know , writing a paper -RRB- -- the notion that EA had the audacity to use such archaic anti-pirating measures would still be utterly and absolutely unjustified.That said , I do n't completely regret buying this game . It was shiny and new for a few entrancing hours before you start to realize you 're playing the same game over and over and over . It follows a basic formula and it 's not very fun . But honestly , now knowing what I would 've been `` missing '' , I 'd sell it back this second.what would have been cool to see : - The other creatures scattered about the world , like an actual food chain , instead of all species being confined to a single `` nest '' which they rarely stray from.-Unique advantages to having large and small creatures
 Got the demo and played it , it was just enough to get me excited about the game so I purchased it via DirectToDrive - Fileplanet . I 've been a long time member of both.The Cell phase was far too short , there are not nearly enough quirks in the game to even come close to any semblance of true genetic diversity and evolution.Like other people have said , it is a stat driven game , your creature 's build and appearance have nothing to do with how well you actually adapt and survive . It 's a paperdoll design with a enough options to let people create some random -LRB- and often vulgar -RRB- looking creatures and dump them into the net.The land phase got boring after 30 minutes or so , it basically became a grind fest for new parts . All you need is a little stealth and you can collect everything through skeletons laying around the area.5-6 hours I had gone through the entire game to the space phase and after that it 's a really lame version of Star Trek.Don ' t waste your money on this game .
 EA has ruined an otherwise fair title with their DRM . EA will not get any more of my business until they end their use of DRM . They punish honest gamers and customers by trying -LRB- and failing -RRB- to keep people from pirating their games . As a direct result Spore will be one of the most pirated games ever . Well done EA .
 I have played all of Wil Wright 's games and enjoy them all very much . I even enjoy the game play in Spore , but ... The extent to which the Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- was implemented make this the WORST GAME I have ever played.The game requires you to re-authenticate it EVERY ten days . That 's bad enough , but they also decided to further cripple the game by allowing it to only be authenticated on up to three installations . That means that , should your computer crash or have the OS re-installed , you can only re-install it one last time . So , if you are like me and like to uninstall games you are n't currently playing , until a time comes that you want to play it again , you WILL NOT be able to do so .
 Yes I will also not buy this game because I got enough spyware on my computer !
 A waste of time . Too violent , not worth the money . As someone who has always paid for every bit of digital media I own , this game makes me wish I had listen to all of the complaints about DRM and just pirated it . I guess I know better now ...
 Spore ROCKS ... . DRM sucks ... its not worth it ... . bust out you game boy and wait this out . EA failed us . do n't buy this game , its not ok .
 These comments are fantastic . I will not only not buy or play the game . I will tell everyone I know that plays games not to get it . It 's good to know the game sucks too .
 Aside from EA treating everyone like criminals with the DRM -LRB- a sure fire way to taunt armies of hackers on principle alone -RRB- , the gameplay just did n't grab me , especially after the years of hype this game has received.It 's a multi-genre 'd game , so each level is a completely different experience
 I will not buy this game until the DRM has been removed . Any SINGLE PLAYER game that calls home every time you play it is just terrible . Not to mention that you can only install it 3 times and then have to try and convince EA that you should be able to install it more with an expensive phone call.I 'd really like to play this game , the concept of it is great and it 's finally something new . Until the DRM is patched though , I highly doubt this game does well in the market .
 Do not support DRM . This game is average quality . DRM is TERRIBLE!Your not buying the game . You are renting the game.A very SHORT rental period , imo .
 EA is great company . No doubt about it . The DRM technology they are using though is a separate matter . And hence the 1 star .
 The DRM nonsense on this disc has ruined what might have otherwise been an OK game . I 've put the game back in the box and will be instead spend my nights enjoying Settlers of Catan with friends . I may even lend it to them to borrow , without any worries about distribution restrictions or acceptable use policies !
 Pass on this one . Let them know that we wo n't tolerate companies that continue to punish their paying customers while presenting absolutely zero challenge to the people who choose to violate civil copyright laws .
 Like many others who 've posted reviews of Spore , I will not pay good money to effectively rent a game from EA . When I buy something , that means I own it , and EA does n't seem to get that simple principle . I 'll wait until the DRM is removed , and only then will I consider purchasing this game.Also , I 've watched friends playing this game , and the playability for the earlier phases of the game seems very weak . My purchase will be waiting on either a significant playability upgrade or a price of less than $ 20 .
 We are n't prisoners , quit treating us like one . I 'm tired of getting punished for another 's wrongdoing . I have never heard of a piece of software NOT getting pirated , so why keep trying ? Some even pirate to avoid hellish DRM like this .
 Was about to buy this game from Amazon until I notice the one star review . Then found out about the DRM issue ... I would like to keep my games for a long time and not having to worry about wasting an install . Thanks for nothing EA ... and my bad for Amazon who 's caught in the middle in all this .
 Nobody should spend their hard-earned money on a product that has this kind of `` protection '' on it . It 's practically criminal that vendors are allowed to do this .
 DRM is keeping me from installing this game . My friends have told me how much fun this game is , but I will not buy it because I am unwilling to have the game install its spyware-like DRM system . Like others have said , this game is for rent not sale.I do not and can not support DRM . Do not want .
 When I buy something , I expect it to continue working , despite upgrading my computer . Well , sadly this is not the case with SPORE , as it will only allow you to activate the game 3 times -LRB- forever -RRB- on your computer.Most games I have bought , include a serial number printed on the disk , which will allow me to reinstall the product ; however many times I want , withing worrying about it failing to work.Super lame .
 This game is a truly incredibly , groundbreaking experience . The only problem is that you have to install the equivalent of spyware onto your system in order to use it.I hope that developers realize that this is not an acceptable way to combat piracy . Please re-release this game without secure-rom . It does nothing to stop pirates , but it does cause harm to honest , paying customers .
 For $ 50 you only get to install it three times then ownership returns to EA . The game play is very boring . This game is all hype .
 I was about to order this game and noticed all the warnings about the Draconic DRM . Thank you for the warning ! As much as I was anticipating this game , I will NOT be purchasing this game BECAUSE of the ridiculous DRM issues . For the same reasons I decided not to buy Half Life 2 , I make my stand against bad treatment by Game publishers . If I buy a game I reserve the right to be able to own it and install it as many times as I wish with no strings attached . If you want my business , you will treat me properly.Good day .
 I would 've liked to try this one out , but due to the DRM restrictions , I wo n't buy it.I refuse to rent a game for $ 50 ; that 's way more expensive than anything else I 'd rent for entertainment.I am a great fan of this genre , I bought copies of all the simcity 's , civilization 's , * Tycoons , etc. . I even have a copy -LRB- paid for ! -RRB- of Populous I and II ! But a game that I ca n't re-install when I want it to , no , thanks , I 'll pass.I would buy it if it did n't have the DRM .
 Like everyone I was excited about purchasing this game until I was informed of the crippling DRM .
 I 've been looking forward to this game for years . Returned my copy unopened when I learned of the outrageous DRM . You lost a sale .
 I had picked this game up at my local B&M ; retailer on the recommendation of a friend , and upon watching him play it the game seemed to be fun . However , upon learning of the intrusive DRM implemented in the game , I decided not to keep the game , and will be returning it unopened for a full refund . I understand the justification put forth for Digital Rights Management , however this game goes too far . For a game with as big an online component as it has , it seems rather excessive.Unless the publisher puts out a patch removing the DRM or cutting it back , I will be doing without Spore .
 This game has interesting artwork but it really is not very accurate to call this a game ... calling it a toybox is about right ... overall it provided me of about 5 hours of time-wasting style gameplay that i usually get from free flash game sites ... i am VERY disappointed at having to pay 50 bucks for this `` game '' .
 It 's a shame to give this game the score that I did . And let 's face it , this is n't a bad game , however the install process and insane DRM policies make this game a no buy.Sorry Will , I know that this was your masterpiece . It 's a shame that it has to be blackballed like it is , but it 's time for us , the gamers , to take a stand .
 The DRM included with this game has ruined it . Avoid at all costs . I do not understand why game companies punish their customers with these awful DRM schemes that do not work . There are pirated copies of this game circulating the internet -LRB- minus the DRM -RRB- . The only people that this DRM is hurting are the ones that actually purchase the game . DRM is useless because it is always cracked by the pirates . This is another DRM laden game to avoid .
 Well , good game , poor execution with another DRM laden product . When will companies learn that DRM affects people 's buying decisions ? I applaud companies like Amazon selling DRM free music and the fan base has responded overwhelmingly in favor of it.Are you listening game devs ? This does n't stop the pirates . It only hinders your good , respectable , PAYING customers .
 THis game was going to go on the Christmas list , however I just found out about DRM . I wo n't buy any game that uses the same activation process of M$ . EA is out of control , first muscling out sports -LRB- football -RRB- , now this . They just joined the same S list as Sony .
 Yet another example of the pirates getting a better experience than the paying customers . They did n't stop them , they did n't even slow them down . A leaked copy was availible without DRM days before release . All they 're doing it driving the people that are otherwise willing to pay for the game away .
 ONLY 3 INSTALLS ?! And forget it if their license server should go down , which it it has already done . Wait for the DRM to be removed , it only hurts honest customers.I 'm not even getting into EA 's entire approach to user management . If you do anything even a little bit unorthodox you 're in for a couple of days of frustration and your product is diminished .
 I have waited for the release of this game for years , only to discover that Electronic Arts has saddled it with SecuROM and a 3-installation limit . It is a shame that EA could not give this game and its customers a proper treatment .
 I 've looked forward to this game for years , but I avoid SecuROM like the plague - because that 's what it is to my system . Here 's another once paying customer watching the pirates enjoy a game I wish I could be playing .
 According to other reviews , the game requires a computer to be online regularly else it will become disabled.This game was going to be purchased for my young son to play on his Mac , for the fun initial parts of creature creation and such . However , his online time is carefully monitored and the computer is rarely allowed to join the home network . This means that , frequently , parental intervention will be required for him to play an otherwise mostly innocuous game . That is unacceptable and hence the game will not be purchased.Furthermore , I would probably have played the game on my -LRB- much higher spec -RRB- desktop PC from time to time . This computer is rebuilt regularly -LRB- after every few game installs -RRB- to keep it running properly with XP . Spore 's requirement of constant activation and limited numbers of times this can be done mean it would not be useful on any serious gamer 's PC who rebuilds the system to keep Windows running smoothly.This user unfriendliness is a prime example of why some of the best games in recent memory were Galactic Civilizations II and Sins of a Solar Empire . All in all , this is a must not buy game .
 This game could have been a great thing . The leaks and tidbits of information given while it was in development made it out to be something that it is n't . It 's basically just another simulation clone -LRB- Sim , Age of Empires , Tycoon games -RRB- , though this time in `` bubbly '' 3D and with the genetic `` theme '' . Fun for approx . 2 hours ... that 's it .
 I honestly came here with the intent to purchase this game . Thanks to all the Amazon customers who raised the red flag on the DRM software . I will never purchase another product with DRM software on it . I 've dealt with it in the past , and it ruined two new PCs . We had to wipe both of them and reload everything to get them running again.Unless you are very PC savy , and know what you are getting yourself into , I would recommend that you avoid any games with DRM software on them . It just is n't worth it.I did download the trial creature creator , and while I did enjoy playing with it , I got the impression that the final product has been watered down from the original vision . It 's probably not a bad game , but even without the DRM and activation issues , I doubt it is the great game everyone expected .
 Wait until its pirated , they 'll offer a better deal to those that choose to pirate the game - no activations , no unusable software after reinstalling your OS .
 Spore is an average game , which is why I gave it 3 starsn now . It wo n't let me change it though . Spore is not a horrible game . It is fun to play , but it can get boring after awhile . I recommend playing it every now and then , because it can get repetitive and wear you out eventually . Sadly , there seems to be a lot left out of the game that would make it incredible , and we know that Maxis purposely did that to sell expansions.DRM and SecuRom is definitely something to be concerned with , but it has no effect on my rating . That 's because there are ways to get around the DRM and SecuRom issues that plague the game . Online activation is a pain , but again there are ways around that . My game is not activated , and I do n't really care to have online content downloaded to my game anyway.So if DRM , SecuRom , and Online activation bother you , please know that you can get around these issues . You do not have to pirate the game to do so . My daughter can now happily play our legally bought Spore without any fear of SecuRom messing up her computer and any bad online stuff being downloaded.It 's a decent game , but it 's not complete by a long shot . Be prepared to shell out tons of money on expansions , otherwise you may want to wait for a box set or special edition release that combines it all .
 What a shame , this seemed like such a promising title.The first-sale doctrine -LRB- see the First_sale Wikipedia entry for details -RRB- is under concerted attack by vendors of intellectual property.I do not accept this attempt to redefine copyright law through the back door . I encourage others to consider the larger implications before laying down their cash for products such as Spore that seek to redefine the meaning of a `` purchase '' .
 I intended to purchase , then learned of the obnoxious DRM . Count me as another lost sale . How 's that DRM working out for you there ?
 The game is ok . But Nero and AnyDvD do n't work any more . Obviously they 've been blacklisted . Also I noticed a slight drop in my system 's speed since I installed Spore . And I had to switch from AVG to Antivira because AVG detected a virus after I installed spore.Nice work EA !
 Spore was the best in the cell stage and then ok during the Creature stage . -LRB- I do n't have a problem with the stats thing , even though it does n't make sense that it does n't increase with multiple limbs . -RRB- It would have been nice if it would have allowed me to get more omnivore parts , of which I only got `` one '' in cell stage.In the tribal stage , it gets kind of long and boring if your computer 's virtual memory gets bogged down . I know some of you get through things in 5 minutes , but you must have a super-computer or something . The biggest problem with this stage is waiting for the characters to get food - especially if wanting to play nice instead of aggressive . That can be very time-consuming . Especially , if the other tribes steal your food , when you were going to give it to them in the first place . Kind of dumb - cause then you pick some more . And then , what is real stupid is when you have 3 or 4 tribes attacking you at the same time . My objective was not to be the predator.Anyway , the biggest issue of the game , where I eventually uninstalled the software was `` after '' I played the civilization stage . I was doing good after conquering 3 cities using religion -LRB- although I would have prefered financial method , which was not available to me -RRB- . I got pretty much destroyed by airplanes . I am not a super player , so I depend on multiple save-game slots . Unfortunately , there were no save-game slots like on NeverWinter Nights . I do n't like starting completely over because I made one mistake near the beginning of the civilization stage , which caused me to play that stage `` longer than '' `` 20 minutes . `` Personally , I was not expecting to end up playing a game like Civilization `` the game . '' I was thinking I was going to play God , create worlds and different species , and see how they interact with each other . I expected a similar thing out of the Sims and Sims 2 , but for some reason the Sims 2 was better than this game . Maybe it is because `` I '' -LRB- not the computer -RRB- was creating multiple househoulds that interacted with eachother -LRB- unlike this -RRB- . The low rating mostly had to do with the save game feature lacking . Even though it is sad -LRB- sort of -RRB- to find out about the 3 install limit .
 I love games and in particular sims . Having played Dungeon Keeper , Black and White , RCT , Zoo Tycoon and various other sim games I was really excited about SPORE . You would think I 'd have learned from Black & White about over hyped games.I agree with the interviewer who said there 's no need to worry about the DRM . Why anyone would install this game again is beyond me . Like so many people I played with Creature Creator and had fun . But all the joy is in the creator and the game is a drag.There are no happy surprises here . Unlike Black & White the creatures are not very amusing . Ok , Black & White was flawed but in comparison to this it was genius . . At least you had some control over your creature . Admittedly , your creature was difficult to train and often you wanted to throttle it but at least it had some life . SPORE is just repitious.Creating your creature is the most fun but then it dwindles into monotony.Nothing you do really influences your creature and the whole world seems disconnected . The creatures do n't interact , and I mostly wondered what was the point.I 've only finished the Tribal stage and played a little of the Civ stage . I 'm working my way through but it 's more of a chore then a joy.My advise is read all the 1 or 2 star reviews before purchasing this game ; they have it right .
 The game played well and was fun for the first two days . I made it through the first 2 out of 5 stages . The graphics were great and the game ran smoothly on my my machine . It was a little too simple -LRB- not very replayable -RRB- , but I 've heard the later stages are much better . Unfortunately , I ca n't play them since the official patch makes the game completely unplayable ; EA/MAXIS has known about the issues everyone is having for over a week but have n't bothered to fix them . The game is worthless if it ca n't be played .
 Obviously , everybody was looking forward to Spore . For me , at least , it has turned out to be a huge letdown . Although the absolutely rediculous DRM restrictions are appalling , that is not why I 'm rating it so low . The Mac Cider of this port is so horrible that I 'm unable to play the game for more than 5 minutes on my Mac Pro without an unrecoverable system crash , and even when it does run the performance is unacceptable.Performance aside , the gameplay is not very engrossing and so simplified that I have trouble understanding how the game took so long to complete . The first three stages especially are unbelievably shallow . Each tries to embody a different genre of game , and each represents a very poor example of that genre.Maybe the game was overhyped , and was bound to be disappointing . Even so , I feel that everyone involved in the game 's development -LRB- especially EA -RRB- has missed a huge opportunity .
 If i wanted to get held up and mugged when renting games , I 'd go to blockbuster . Also , adding 12 legs to a creature seems inefficient , and more likely to put them on the evolutionary chopping block ; but in Spore , adding random apendages makes no real difference .
 A product you pay for that restricts the number of times you can install it . 1 star .
 What a shame . I was looking forward to playing this game and you ca n't even install it more than three times before it goes to coaster . I love picking up some of my older games from the 90 's . that have no DMR requirements . I got this a week and now I ca n't even use it . All I can say is Do n't buy anything from EA Games . I don , t get it . You got the damn disk , why do I still need to prove I bought it ? Is n't owning a thing better than having to prove it ? God damn I hate EA Games .
 It installs a program that WILL NEVER UNINSTALL from your computer . It will only install 3 times . Who pays 50 bucks for somthing that installs 3 times . Break your computer thats one lend it to your sis thats two your hard drive randomly fails thats three and yo lose $ 50
 DRM aside , the game still is n't really all that great . The cell phase is the only phase that is actually fun to play . All of the other phases limit what you can do and are extremely repetitive . There 's very little to look forward to as you advance through the stages , and the space stage is so bogged down by pirates and enemies that you really spend most of your time defending you and your allies instead of actually exploring . The game just is n't good .
 I was really excited about Spore . I was ready to run out and buy it on the day of release , until I found out about the DRM . Unless removed I will not buy it , and I will not buy any other Game EA puts out until they get rid of this rediculas policy , it has obviously not stoped the piracy of thier game , but rather punishes the folks who want to buy thier game legitimately .
 1 -RRB- DRM . There are other reviewers that are more eloquent on this than I , but here 's another angle
 Unfortunately , the gameplay in Spore is a little too basic for us hardcore gamers . Also , what 's up with renting the game ? As soon as it 's no longer profitable for EA to maintain license servers , it 's their obligation to shareholders to shut them down . From that time forth , noone will ever be able to reinstall Spore legally . So much for the nostalgic joy of firing up an old game decades later , long after the publisher has gone under !
 The digital rights management software -LRB- i.e. the software that `` protects '' the developer from the customer -- us -- `` copying '' the game or giving it to friends -RRB- is absurdly overwrought . The game periodically checks a server online to verify that your installation is legitimate , which means that , when they turn off that server one day -LRB- or even if it goes down on a day that you play -RRB- , your game is killed . Plus , the game is limited to only three total installations , so if you have to reinstall more than twice the game will not install . It 's only possible to reactivate via calling EA -LRB- and that 's just a rumor -RRB- . On a side note , there is no auto-save , which means if you play a several hour session without hitting Ctrl + S obsessively , you can lose everything you have done if your PC crashes . I guess that 's what they consider a great way to increase `` replayability . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- I did n't know about the DRM before purchasing the game and now regret it . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you want a game from a developer that respects consumers , go buy Sins of a Solar Empire or Galactic Civilzations II from Stardock .
 Everyone else has mentioned the DRM and how it root kits your computer with some drive control crap that will probably soon get exploited by hackers to take over the Spore-vulnerable systems so they can steal information and zombie network the spore-computers . These kinds of things have happened in the past with Sony , just waiting for history to repeat itself with EA . If this was a great game then I might feel more inclined to ignore the root kit crap , but it 's only a mildly good game , which makes me annoyed that I bothered buying it and then get spanked for giving the creators of the game my money . I personally do n't care about the 3 install limit since I do n't see myself playing this game for much more than a few weeks . Though I 'm sure that EA will come out with `` Amoeba House Party '' and `` Tribal Juju '' and 15 other add-ons next month so they can try to milk all the money they can from people for what is essentially an anemic and underwhelming game.The creature and other creators are really the most interesting parts . The shared content is a great idea . The graphics look nice . Sadly this is n't enough to really redeem this only mildly good game . I only give it 3 stars on fun since the `` blocks '' mode is really the best part , but you can get creature creator for $ 10 and have almost as much fun.Aside from that , the gameplay is simple in the first 4 parts , yet it took me a long while to figure out some things since the controls and objectives change so often . You 'll be spending about as long learning the controls and ways to do things as actually playing in these parts . Some of the instructions are confusing and say things like `` imitate the creature '' -LRB- um , does that mean wiggle back and forth like them ? -RRB- , well no , it 's simpler and just involves pushing the right button at the right time once every 15 seconds or so if you have the right skills.The space stage is more in-depth , yet the controls are especially annoying if you have to do any kind of flight or space battles since you essentially have to hold down the right button , twist the wheel and click the left button while also moving the mouse all at the same time . This is an ergonomic nightmare and will make your wrist hurt within about 15 minutes and it 's hard to control . If you use one hand to steer and the other hand on the mouse then you only have to move it , scroll the wheel and fire , but the steering is fairly clumsy and slow if you do it from the keyboard . Uggh . The real-time aspects are pretty horrible.The space stage is also repetitive . There are lots of `` fetch '' quests and you are basically the one spaceship in your empire against everyone else who seems to have fleets of them . You have to be a transport fleet , a terraforming fleet , a war fleet , etc , all with one spacecraft . Rather than doing any real strategy , you have one ship to run errands with . Most of the errands tell you to go to other stars that are difficult to find or get to . Would it have killed them to have some kind of search feature to find the name of a star system for you rather than having to rotate and mouse over about 100 stars before you 're able to find the one you want ? Ca n't your space ship give you a hint where that unknown star is and how to get there ? They can build a spaceship , but they ca n't build a reasonable navigation system into it in the Spore universe?It 's a flawed game that really seems less than worth the price of admission . All the hype and yet it really does n't deliver on most of what it promised .
 I have been looking forward to play Spore but I just ca n't buy a game that only allows me to install it for a certain number of times as I format my PC frequently and this is just not a tolerable business practice on EA 's part .
 I have boycotted any EA title for years . And now their draconian DRM practices have been elevated to Orwellian levels with Spore . -LRB- that 's a pity too . -RRB- I fully understand that game pirating is a big issue . But an online game can be controlled far easier than a standalone one . I mean , come on , Blizzard does n't bury WoW with DRM . I have it installed on 3 computers and can only play on one at a time . DOH ! Wow ! I wonder how Blizzard achieves that ?! I have no issues with the sign on , or even activation -LRB- but they should do away it , -RRB- but limit to 3 installs ? Get lost EA . Only a suit at EA corporate could have dreamt that up.Thanx for nothing -LRB- again -RRB- EA !
 I bought this game , before learning about the DRM , but decided to give it a shot anyway . On top of the ridiculous 3-install limit and SecuROM that is forever embedded into your computer , the game is simply unplayable because of annoyingly consistent crashes in space stage . I can not fly to my home world and then leave the atmosphere without the game doing a freeze/flicker than can not be resolved . Of course , you need to be in space , away from your planet to actually save the game so it is impossible to progress.That being said , even if the game was n't a piece of junk that locked up every five minutes , I STILL would not enjoy playing it . When I saw the previews for this game , I was expecting lots of freedom to roam and build your universe however you choose . WRONG . In space stage , for example , I can not spend more than a minute traveling the vast collection of stars without needing to defend my home planet that is forever under attack by enemies . I 'm not kidding , you get zero time to just enjoy the game , you 're always saving the same planet from the same , repetitious attacks . You have the option of adding all kinds of defense turrets to your colonies but they do NOTHING . Every time I return to my planet under attack , the turrets have been blown away seemingly before the enemy even arrived ! Lame , lame , lame . I 've never been so disappointed in a game before ; the absolute worst $ 50 I ever spent . I wish I would 've lost that money instead ; at least then I would n't have wasted all this time trying to get an incredibly buggy game to run on my new machine .
 I really think EA have made a big mistake here . The DRM is far too restrictive and I hope that they will lift the restrictions in a future patch .
 There is n't much to say other than the DRM has ruined the game . Any product that is limited by a set amount of installs completely ruins the experience and will cause problems in the future .
 I had really high hopes for this game after seeing presentation video from TED by Will Wright . Right before it came out , my expectations dropped a little . And that seems fair . The game is interesting , and fun , but it gets somewhat repetitive . The editors are good , but its too bad that only the stats of the creature really matter , and not the aesthetics . Its a fun game overall , but not that deep . I can see how it would be a great introduction to gaming though , for people that are n't gamers.I am worried about the DRM though . It seems more restrictive than it needs to be . Installing it only 3 times reduces its longevity , and means I wo n't likely be able to pick it up in a few years and install it on whatever computer I have then . I would give it another star if it did n't have this . I very much thought about not buying it . And I probably will only buy non-DRM games for a while .
 Good
 Thought I would buy this game after trying out the Charter creator and seeing it in magazines but I got turned off instantly by the DRM that this game has . I do n't want to have to call EA up to reactivate after I have reinstalled the game 3 times.That 's crazy ... no one wants to wait on the phone forever for customer service then explain why they are calling to reactivate a game they bought legit . I do n't have that kind of time and I am sure others do n't either.So many other things I could spend my money on . I really do n't want to pay for their DRM development . Thanks but no .
 If you 've read any of the other reviews you know what the major problem with this game is . My recomendation is to get a pirated copy of the game . The very thing they were trying to stop by ruining their game is the very solution to the problem.Don ' t pay for this game . Punish them for what they 've done to honest paying gamers by witholding the thing they want the most , your money .
 It 's ludicrous that the paying customers are the ones suffering while the pirates got the game before it was released . Publishers like EA need to rethink their schemes .
 Spores DRM is the main issue I have had with this program . It blocks you beyond 3 installs and will not prevent piracy in anyway in fact it encourages it
 I would sure love to buy spore , but you see I do n't buy software owned by DRM like this.When will companies learn ? Consumers do not want DRM , and I wonder how many more would sell if not for DRM .
 This game is way too easy and way too simple and way too boring . it 's for babies or soccer moms .
 Do n't buy this game.Down with EA and their DRM . You will be unable to reinstall it if you have to reformat your pc or buy a new one . Have 2 pcs ? You better buy 2 copies .
 DRM ... EA you guys are dreaming that I would pay $ 49.99 to load Spore in my system .
 A mediocre game is made into a worthless pile of garbage . EA screws the pooch with an overbearing DRM system.Once again the honest customers have a worse product than those who pirate the game . Typical for EA .
 Well what do we have here , Spore the game that has had so much anticipation built up for it and it comes crashing down hard.The worst part about this game is that even when you buy it you do n't really own it thanks to EA 's DRM system . The game limits you to three activations after which you have to call EA and ask if they can let you reinstall the product that you LEGALLY BOUGHT AND OWN one more time ! Great is n't it?So when you buy this game really your not buying it at all , its more of a extended rental period.Also sometimes things other than reinstalling the game will use up a activation . Have a component die on your pc and need to replace it whoops only 2 activations left.This horrible system will cause massive headaches in the end . Why is it even there ? To stop piracy . Of course what they are forgetting is the pirates will have a cracked version of the executable file that will strip this horrible system out so the people that STEAL the game will have a better expierence than those who buy it.Also if you can get past the horrible system the game simply does n't live up to expectations . It 's been dumbed down completly so where there was supposed to be fun in creating different kinds of species , all that you end up with is creatures that perform the same no matter how they are built . The creatures are stat based so as a example no matter how many legs a creature has , two or two hundred , it will run at the same speed.So in conclusion do n't buy this game but if you do buy it here 's what to expect .1 . Being treated like a criminal when you try to reinstall the game when you get that new pc a couple years from now .2 . Countless headaches trying to find the original box for a proof of purchase when it 's reinstall time.Also finally who 's to say that in a few years EA might simply shut down it 's activation servers when the game is n't profitable anymore ? The software would then be useless as it could n't be activated .
 The game is mildly fun ... and does n't really get started until the Space age.I went through the same DRM with Mass Effect ... I 'm on my 5th install of that game ... I have to call EA every time I want to install the game . That is ridiculous ... especially since anyone can download a crack to get around it . The DRM does nothing ... NOT A SINGLE THING ... to hurt ANY form of piracy -LRB- including friends sharing the game , since it 's so easy to get a crack for it -RRB- . The only purpose is to hurt customers who play by the rules ... treating them as if they were criminals . I am so glad this kind of anti-DRM push is finally going on . EA needs to get the message that this kind of DRM and any DRM that HURTS THE CUSTOMERS is not the answer .
 Outdated way to use DRM do not buy help send EA a message that you cant treat honest people like criminals
 I will not pay to rent . PC games should be like Board games . If I buy Monopoly at the store I can turn around and sell it at my yard sale to anyone I want and no one would care . EA is nutZ to think I or others will ever rent a game if we know in advanced about this .
 I hope EA is listening , punishing paying customers with made-up requirements only drives people to alternatives .
 If I buy a game I expect to be able to reinstall it as many times as I need to - without being forced to jump through hoops by the publisher to do so . I do not want EA 's rootkit DRM trojan installed on my PC as part of that process .
 Was looking forward to sharing this game with my kids . No chance now.I respect the right of game manufacturers to load up their games with DRM . Just as they should respect the right of the gaming community to aggressively boycott their products.Disappointed in Mr. Wright . Par for the course for EA .
 I never buy/use/recommend software that 's loaded with crippling DRM . Toss your $ 50 in the fireplace , it 'll save you the shipping charge .
 Expected this game to be AWESOME , but it was far from it . Creature creation is fun , but the rest of the game is really lame . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 I bought the game and the DRM is causing problems on my machine . It wont let me install the game . What are you doing EA ? DRM free games install easy . I buy all my games and never have pirated any.Concerned Customer , Concerned Future
 You know what , it 's bad enough to be treated like a child when I install the stupid thing . But the other users on my XP machine -LRB- you know when you switch to different people on your computer -RRB- ca n't use the online at all . What in the world ? The DRM ruins the game .
 Dear EA , and other game publishers using draconian DRM : Consider the matrix of pirates/non-pirates and games with/without DRM . - Pirate , game without DRM
 I 'd love to purchase this game , but I ca n't in good conscience buy it until EA removes the draconian DRM and treats me like a customer , not a pirate .
 Sorry , EA , but I have enough trouble with Vista on its own . I do n't need SecureROM uselessly complicating things on my system . For $ 50 I should n't need permission over the internet to `` activate '' the game a whopping three times before being forced to beg for permission to use the game when something else inevitably goes wrong.Clearly the DRM already failed before the game even went up for sale - the cracked version was available before the retail version . The only people being punished are the people who actually try to legitimately buy the game .
 I bought this game about four days after it was released , and excitedley brought it home . I install it and try to play only to have it constantly stutter and freeze during gameplay . I call EA and talk to person after person who really had no idea what they were doing . Finally after a week of frustration I find out that my video card is not compatible with the game . how can that be with my one year old computer I ask ? they had no answers . So I had to pay to ship the game and the reciept to texas and after a month they still have it . All this work just to return a game that really wasnt even that interesting to play , pretty basic and pointless . The best part were the graphics and evolution options which i learned had no purpose . This game is an overall failure . Dont waist your money .
 Spore attempts to be `` Sim Everything , '' but falls flat , lacking any degree of depth , and leaving a bare skeleton leaving much to be desired.The game starts with the Tidal Phase , which is a simple game with arcade-like qualities . Unfortunately , it is far too short , and as soon as you get into it and start enjoying the phase , it 's already over.You 're then thrust into the creature phase . There 's a good deal of fun to be had here , fighting or socializing your way forward , and there 's enough to entertain someone for a few hours . Unfortunately , afterwards , there remains next to nothing for the player to do that they have n't already done ; you can create new creatures , but there 's no real practical affect and gameplay does n't change.The tribal phase is short , and less fun than the creature phase . The controls are awkward , and by now disappointment is creeping in , leading to a desire to rush through , in hopes that the next phase is better.This , unfortunately , is n't the case . The civilization phase is essentially `` My First RTS . '' The lack of depth is most apparent here ; players are limited to 3 total units ; one land , one air , one sea . Like in the last phase , an aggressive strategy can resolve this phase quickly and without any degree of challenge.Finally , you get to the space phase , which in theory has the more potential for depth . Unfortunately , this is n't the case . While there are things to do , the player is quickly confronted with annoying missions and constant alerts for pirates or attacks , forcing the player to rush back to his worlds . Even when this is n't the case , there 's surprisingly little to actually do after a few hours.Spore essentially plays like a very long demo . There 's fun to be had , but once it 's been had , it 's quickly gone . While expansions might flesh the game out some more , Spore is just severely lacking and not worth the price tag . If you 're going to buy Spore , wait a few months and get it from the bargain bin .
 This is an innovative idea that just was n't finished . To me it seems like they are planning to release this game as a skeleton to flesh out in future releases , but who wants to buy an incomplete game . The space stage is fun , and seems to be where they spent most of their time , but the other stages are short and relatively pointless . My guess is they will release expansions for us to buy to flesh out those other areas.If you are a designer and have good imagination , you will love this game , otherwise , play at a friends house.The game is also filled with bugs . Installations , DRM , random crashes , Spore has them all . If this were released on a console it would have been laughed out of the market , but since its PC they seem to think its ok to release a game that is 80 % or less . Look up spore bugs and you will see what I 'm talking about.If you are planning on buying this game , wait a few months , till they come out with some updates to make the game actually function .
 Besides the DRM issues , which have n't really bothered me yet , the game does n't seem to have a lot of relayability ... I 've played several games and am now totally bored with it . Did not find the space part interesting , even on a difficulty setting of easy , there seemed to be nothuing but make work to slog thru ... no fun for me .
 I logged on to Amazon to buy this game today because I thought my daughter would love it . The creature creator was right up her alley and she and her cousin are big Sims fans . I figured they would like this game because it moves them beyond the doll-house type play of Sims.The game looks great . The reviews on game-play look good , etc. . However , the DRM really is a killer for me . I have at least 3 home-built computers in the house that i am constantly making upgrades to . I do n't want to deal with the game DRM every time I make a major upgrade to my daughters computer . It 's not practical for me.If the game were cheaper , I would have considered it . But I 'm not paying a single cent for a game that installs SecuROM on my computer if I can help it . Look up SecuROM on Wikipedia and you 'll find out more about it . Here 's what I found . The version of SecuROM that comes with Armed Assault , S.T.A.L.K.E.R -LRB- European release only -RRB- , Neverwinter Nights 2 , Command & Conquer 3
 Nothing to add to what 's been said before , potentially great game ruined by over the top DRM that realistically prevent you from ` owning ' a game you 've paid money for.Congratulations EA on doing the opposite of what you intended and driving potential customers into the waiting arms of pirates . Listen up and make the changes .
 I was looking forward to Spore for many months now . The closer I came to the date of it 's release the more I heard about the DRM . So , for the first time , I will not be buying a game specifically because I want to make a statement to the publishers.Right now there are enough good games out there to play . I am mad as heck and I do n't have to put up with their foolishness .
 Look , i want to like this game , I really do . And from what I have played offline , it is cool . However , due to the DRM issues , I ca n't get full usage of this product . I was not aware that I would only be able to have one account from a single cd key . So my girlfriend has full access but I do not . I sure as hell aint buying a second copy for 55 bucks.This game could have been revolutionary , could have broken boundaries and really been something , but instead , it is plagued by a ridiculous DRM system that screws the paying customer , not the pirate -LRB- since most pirates wont care that they can not access the online content or will figure out some way to do it anyway . -RRB- Way to go EA , you fail ... . again .
 Add me to the list of people who wo n't buy with the current DRM in place . Thanks to all for the warning . I refuse to willingly install malware on my PC .
 I managed to play through to the space level in a total of 6 hours . I know I can replay the game tons and tons , given the possibilities for creating creatures , but I feel sort of jipped for paying so much for a game you can beat in a day or two.Anyways , reading these reviews on Amazon now I 'm super worried about the health of my PC too : -LRB-
 This game is also bundled with a Fascist DRM . Giving further support to this game goes against what the Internet believes and was made for . Also , this game is for kids !
 It 's like thay where on to something then someone told them to wrap it up realy fast and sell it the entire * game * -LRB- if it darded to be called so -RRB- Is nothing more then cariter creation . Thay got to the part when thay where ment to do something with what you made then just gave up . It realy could have bin a masterfull game IF thay had made it so you could do something intresting when you where done creating you 're alien. :P I give it a 12 % outa 100 . Great base but nothing els realy .
 No DRM for me . I 'll wait for the XBox 360 or PS3 version of the game . PC game publishers need to stop treating customers as criminals .
 I like the game . It is fun and encourages creativity , however I would never have bought it if I knew it could only be installed 3 times .
 That is correct . Spore 's DRM allows you to install the game 3 times , at that point it will not install anymore , telling you to contact EA to get a an additional special permission code to install the game.I have a few questions around this , that no one seems to have answers to :1 -RRB- in 2 years , when I want to reinstall spore , I have to call EA and wait on hold , and then if the EA person on the phone decides I can , install the game ? I 'm concerned about that . Why do I need to call EA to get permission to use my purchase ? What happens when no one answers the phone for spore activations ? I have purchased the sims , and know that in 2 years it will continue to work , without hassle , or begging . Why ca n't spore be this way ? 2 -RRB- SecureRom removes your abililty to manage some parts of your computer . SecureRom will create folders/entries in your computer that you will not be able to remove , even as administrator.This is a bad crippling thing EA has done to this game , and this behavior is unacceptable.There are other Game Companies out there that are more interested in creating good software , and TRUSTING people to buy it if they are interested in it/like it . One such company is Stardock . They are succeeding , making great games that do n't make you feel like a criminal.Dont buy spore , instead check them out.Check out their games -LRB- Sins of a Solar Empire , Galactic Civilization -RRB- instead .
 The concept behind many pieces of software is that you are n't buying a product ; instead , you are entering into a legal contract that gives you use of a product . But with ridiculous legalese , Spore is essentially worthless as a long-lived game option.You know what 's great about the Sims ? And Diablo , and Starcraft , and Half Life ? You 're going to play through them , have a blast , then delete them because you need the space . But then every once in a while , nostalgia kicks in and you 'll play it all over again from an entirely new vantage point . Then , way down the line , you 're remember eight years ago , when you used to play Starcraft over battlenet with your friends , and it was the best of times ... and why not install it again ? This does nothing to account for the numerous system reboots , new computers , temporary deletions and uninstalls that tend to happen with 3D software.But let 's be honest , on top of all that , Spore 's kind of a crappy game . So maybe EA was right to include only three installations -- chances are , you wo n't ever get around to wanting install # 2 . There 's a reason I cancelled my preorder -- the demo was great , but not this great . And you might say , `` but how can you be judging this game when you have n't even bought it ? `` Aye.There 's the rub.You 're not buying it either . You 're renting it .
 I bought this game yesterday on the promise of the truly great previews over the past few years . So far I 've enjoyed the play experience , but I 'm curious about how long I 'll be able to do so.Spore ships with a form of copy protection that limits the purchaser 's use to 3 installs/activations . I 'm not particularly happy about the activation scheme since it certainly limits my options in how I use my game , but I could live with it if the total number of installs were n't so ridiculously limited.I tend to revisit older games often over several years . I have 10 + year old games that I 've played through frequently . If I were to try to do the same with Spore , I 'll quickly exhaust my install limits one way or another - either I 'll have more than 3 computers over the years , or EA will discontinue support for the game once a bit of time has passed.In what sense do I own this game when it 's entirely possible that I 'm likely to exhaust the artificial limits placed on whether a piece of software will function or not?Due to EA 's customer-hostile attitude , I ca n't in good conscience give this game anything other than the lowest rating .
 As a gamer I have purchased my last game encumbered with onerous drm . Stop treating customers like criminals . Until the drm is removed , I will not be buying Spore .
 I have no internet at home . This kills me slowly , yes , but also it kills ALL CHANCES of having this game ... Say it requires me to phone in?F that . No way . I am from the internet ... Anonyminity is KEY ... except apparently here.Say I want to install this on my home LAN for my GF to play ... NOT GOING TO WORK.I buy ONE game for console multi , I should expect the same from PCs to stay competitive .
 I am sick of this industry shift towards EA continuing to create inferior gaming experiences and then punishing paying customers with obscene DRM . I do n't know if the game is any good , but I can guarantee I wo n't find out as long as this continues . Is it just me or is the DRM more advanced than the experience it is protecting ? Spend more time building a decent product and less time trying to figure out how to protect your junk .
 I played this for about 2 hours at various stages in the game . Was n't bad , but not impressive . Had a lot more fun with Black and White.The DRM ruins it . SecuROM . . Boo . Why do n't I just surf porn sites until I get something equally heinous on my computer ?
 I downloaded the creature creator but did not install it due to the immense EULA.I was really looking forward to Spore , but I will not support the intrusive DRM . I have been bitten by Sony rootkits before -LRB- non-working CD ROM -RRB- and by buying software , I do NOT consider myself to be giving consent for that software to own my machine.I 'll buy Spore when the DRM is removed .
 If you have more than one family member or housemate , you must all use the same login . And same save file . And share your creatures . And share your achievements . It 's totally ridiculous - there is no way for you to log in with more than one account . The game is tied to one login , and one login only . That 's simply not acceptable .
 I would have purchased this game , but after reading reviews and past bad experiences with DRM/EA I will be avoiding it . I would suggest that anyone else do the same . DRM methods like the one used here are wrong and the only way we can tell the companies this is with our dollars.In the past , my copies of EA games `` Expired '' , meaning they were too cheap to keep the servers running or allow 3rd parties to run servers . In EA 's line of thinking , we should only play our copy of the game until the next version comes out that costs more money.Again , no thanks .
 I 'm a video game collector . If I had limited activations on my favorite games I 've had for years such as Fallout 1 & 1 , Planescape Torment , or Baldur 's Gate just to name a few , my collection would be useless 5 times over by now . Over the years I 've installed and re-installed games in my collection on various laptops and computers . Limited activations are a complete ripoff . This is like piracy of legitimate consumers and collectors .
 its basically a very boring game . add/change/lengthen / shorten/widen the legs , feet , face , eyes etc and then off u go and hunt and procreate and build a village and enlarge it and bring war/diplomacy to other villages/cities and then conquer the entire world and then the whole universe -- equals boring
 I like the game , but the 3 activation limit is really a pain as I have more than 3 computers I could play on at any given time . Hopefully a patch will be made available to remove this activation limit or increase it . I do like the fact that the CD is n't required to play , but Stardock also has this feature without using any copy protection whatsoever . My Sins of a Solar Empire requires a simple one-time activation with the provided CD-Key to receive updates and patches , otherwise it 's still playable . This is the way companies should release their games . Stardock FTW !
 I believe the game was cracked and available for piracy a week before it was released in stores . For those who were unfortunate enough to be conned into buying it , just know that EA hates its paying customers . Thanks to the DRM , those who pay are the only ones deterred from playing . I do not promote piracy but this game seems to provoke it in every way . Definitely do not buy .
 I was going to buy multiple copies of this as an early Christmas present for myself , the niece and the nephew - but no way now . I 'm not paying $ 50 bucks for a game that I only get to rent - not own . The three installs and your out policy from EA is ridiculous.This is the same scheme they did with Mass Effect . Same story too , if you blow through the three installs they will allow you to call and get additional installations . Do n't believe it ! Every forum and blog I 've read on the Mass Effect DRM process have pages of complaints about being ignored -LRB- not even denied -RRB- by EA when additional installs were requested . BioWare had to stop multiple forum threads because of the volume of complaints from the players.And now Spore has the same scheme . If you buy it - understand you are only getting a rental copy . Every hard drive crash , graphic card upgrade , or operating system upgrade , on the same computer , is going to cost you one of those strikes.Final message to EA
 The game is nice , but the DRM is hell . You can activate for three times . After that you have to call a nonfree telephone hotline.It was a big mistake to buy this software . Electronic Arts is leeching my money out of my pocket and I have to deal with that crap .
 I do n't want to focus my review on the DRM , so simply put , it would have been nice to know that I could only install it a limited amount of times before I bought it . My complaint is that in 5 years when I dig out spore to play with again -LRB- like I did last weekend with Deus Ex -RRB- , I do n't want to have to fight DRM . Things like this make honest users into pirates . It should never be easier to pirate the game than to buy it ... but when I decide to play the game again years into the future , I 'd like to think my legal copy will still work.As for the game , it 's a very charming piece of software by Mr. Wright . I found the game funny and interesting , but lacking any real depth . All of the stages could have used more thoughtful development -LRB- particularly the tribe and the city stage -RRB- and the Space stage should have been more sandbox from the beginning as advertised . Also , protecting my colonies from pirates is not fun . I would have rather stayed on my planet and not interacted with space civilizations than to have my fun impeded every few minutes by AI pirates or raiders . Spore remains a fun and engaging game whose spectacle wears off quickly .
 This is ridiculous I would not mind if the game had one user online account . After buying the game I thought I would be able to share this game w / my brother since we pitch in to buy it and there you go on f **** user nice .
 To be honest , I was really looking forward to Spore -- I 've been a fan of Will Wright 's games since Sim City way back in the day . And a game that was originally titled `` Sim Everything ? '' There was no way it could be bad . Until I tried to install it.Simply put , trying to install it on my PC -LRB- a normal Dell laptop -RRB- was a nightmare ... I spent hours wrestling with it , calling tech support , and trying to figure out why I could n't just install a game I had purchased on whatever machine I wanted to . -LRB- EA said something about licensing , but I have no idea what they were talking about . -RRB- Anyway , long story short , I never got it to work , and now I 'm out $ 50 and several hours of my life . I do n't think I 'm gon na buy another EA game again ...
 I * really * want to play this game , but the DRM implementation is just not something I can support . This also applies to games like Mass Effect and BioShock . It pains me not to buy and play these games and support the developers , but the draconian copy protection is beyond reasonable .
 I 've played many video games over the last 20 years . This includes my personal favorites of X-COM ; Starcraft ; Warcraft II and III ; Civilization 2 and 4 . I thought Spore would offer some fun gameplay and an engrossing experience . Instead , it 's shallow and tedious . Every stage of the game is a rip-off of a better game : Cell - `` Flow '' on the PS3Creature - World of Warcraft when your level is still in the single digitsTribe - `` Warcraft , Starcraft , etc. ; however you have one resource and one attack unit.City - Reminds me of Empire on the C64 . Too far back ? It 's like a simplified version of Warcraft/Starcraft . You have one building - a city , and one type of unit each for land , air , and sea.Space - Reminds me of Galactic Civilization II ... but in that un-fun Sins of a Solar Empire way . The questing seems a little like GTAIV or even Zelda . The biggest problem with the last stage ... you no longer have the promise of a new stage to help with the tedium!Bottom line
 Were this advertised as a game-rental for some number of years , I would be ok with that . I was ready to * buy * a brand new computer capaible of playing spore . But with the DRM as-advertised ? Nope . I 'm not willing to do it.I suppose my rating has less value because I have n't yet played the game . But frankly , EA 's draconian measures are keeping me from doing so.EA
 The ridiculous , customer punishing copy protection on this game ruins what would otherwise be a pleasant experience . I regularly install/uninstall software , games , and demos on my PC for various reasons . But shame on me if I want to uninstall Spore as a legitimate , paying , game owner . After 3 activations , you have to contact EA 's abysmal customer service and plead for a new activation code to use the product you paid for honestly . So now that I have installed it on my desktop and laptop -LRB- so I can play on the go -RRB- , if I uninstall it on either system and ever want to reinstall it , it 's borked after the next install . Way to look out for your customers , EA ...
 I do n't know how dumb EA thinks we are , but I for one will not buy something that is guaranteed to break after a few installs . If I buy something , I do n't want to be treated like a criminal , and I want the software to be easy to replace if my system goes belly up .
 Some comments about the genericness of the worlds can be answered by the stated intent of the publishers to turn this game into a cash cow by selling add-ons . . Many of the ` brilliant ' ideas they 've come up with for this game are sitting back at the publishers on their hard drives and not on this disc.It seems a flimsy game in many regards because the added content will make it fun . Bet you ca n't wait to fork over some more cash for the expansions now right ? Do n't you want the game to be fun ? Pay up!A true revolution in gaming here folks , just not the kind they 'd hoped for . . The drm is the thing to be most concerned about , the endless buy new content to make it ` funner ' scenario is secondary . . Put out a complete game that people get to own and you will prosper . Put out an over hyped piece of swiss cheese game that is a rental for all intents and purposes and you will fail.you have failed ... pirates did n't do this , you did EA .
 If the DRM is as bad as they say , and I have it on good authority that it is , then it deserves the 1-star treatment .
 My wife and I were looking forward to Spore for some time now . . but , now I 'm not going to touch it with a 10 foot pole.This DRM stuff is ridiculous . It should be just as criminal to vandalize someone 's personal computer with unwanted software that limits how you can use your property as it is to pirate the software . And to any one who says we should be focusing on the content of the game in these reviews and not the DRM -- as far as I 'm concerned , if it 's in the same box , on the same disk , it 's the same product.I think anyone who 's foolish enough to purchase the software should very carefully document any problems and damages they run into after installing the DRM-rootkit . I wonder if there is n't an opportunity for a class-action lawsuit if the software causes as many problems as it appears it does . I think it 's time we show EA and the rest of the media industries that we 're sick and tired of this.Set an ultimatum . Email EA and tell them they have 2 months to remove the DRM or you 'll never purchase a product released by or affiliated with them again , and stick to it .
 Maxis promised the moon , but pulled a Peter Molyneux by not delivering on its hype . That , combined with the awful DRM , -LRB- You own a license to play Spore , not the game itself . This is standard procedure with big budget PC titles , but is rarely enforced this harshly -RRB- , make this one a dud .
 I use gamefly to rent my games . I pay less monthly for this service then I did to rent this one game . Oh well , you live and you learn .
 I preordered this game and did n't yet receive it -LRB- which is just normal as I currently am in Germany and wait for my friends to send it to me -RRB- . But actually I already AM able to rate it - and I rate it with only one star . This is because of the Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- . I spent hundreds of dollars for music CDs , and even hundreds of dollars for computer games , because I do n't want to download them illegaly . And because I do so , I support any tries of the industry to prevent file-sharing and copying of their games.But I NEVER bought a song with DRM , and neither would I have ever bought a software with DRM if I had known that Spore is delivered with DRM . So why is that ? It 's because I am not a what they call casual gamer , but I play computer and video games since about 1995 and I really love games like Pinball Dreams . To play Pinball Dreams I have to use a DOS-emulator , because the game is REALLY old nowadays . I also like Winter Games , Summer Games , California Racing and a lot of other very old games . They are as much fun today as they were in their times.EA does n't seem to think that anybody might want to play Spore in 10 or 20 years . Or EA may think that they are such a nice and big company that they will last forever and that they have that much money that they will continue to support all their games in the future . Or they think that everybody will have installed cracks for their games when they stop their activation services.I could not agree to any of the above opinions . This is the matter with all activation processes . They only last as long as the companys last and are willing to support their software . Remember the games I listed above ? None of these publisher still exist!A long time I thought I am part of a minority and most people agree with activation policies . In that way I feel supported by the score the game gets at amazon.com.Apple has already started to sell music without DRM , and for the first time in my life I started to download music -LRB- and pay for it , of course -RRB- . It makes me sad to see Adobe , Mathworks , Microsoft and finally EA to go the other way.What happens is that people who illegaly download the software get a version without DRM and are able to install it whereever they want , since all the people who bought it -LRB- and this game IS NOT cheap -RRB- have to deal with virus-like copy-protection software and activation rules.My recommendation is clearly NOT TO BUY THIS GAME ! If you do so , you are fooled by the games industry , and nothing will ever change.Do not buy this game !
 DO NOT BUY this product under any circumstances . It will infect your computer with the SecuROM virus . SecuROM is a form of copy protection that sits in the background of your computer and will interfere with EVERYTHING - speed , surfing , working , games , etc. . The only way to remove SecuROM is to reformat your computer.DO NOT BUY !
 Thanks to everyone who warned us about the DRM in this game . I 'm interested in the game , but not interested enough to break my computer to play it .
 I will not pay EA $ 50 to rent a game , period . DRM is dying , and its dragging good products down with it . Get a clue EA . The music industry did , now its your turn to face the fire .
 Yes the DRM did warrant the 1 star from me . If that were not the case I still would only give this game a 3.5 / 5 at best really.When you start the first stage is very short and plays more like a casual game , Its great as an introduction . As you go on the game feels like it tries to be an epic and deep game , but stumbles in each game stage . The end product feels watered down , and just passable as a Will Wright game . Definitely not the best he has done.I knew it had DRM when I bought it , I sucked it up and purchased anyways . If I only would have known that I had only 3 activations I never would have bought this at all.Ive installed this game on my laptop and my main PC , I am building a new computer this month , and then ALL of my stock activations for this will be used , ONE MONTH after purchase . -LRB- unless I call EA and they determine that im not a thief . -RRB- Thanks , but no thanks EA , ill pass on your further games until you fix your business model and stop treating Paying customers like thieves .
 Wan na buy it , wo n't buy it . I have been waiting for two years for spore and wo n't waste my money on a game requiring DRM on my system much less internet services to run . Sorry EA , but what a bunch a buffoons , have you not been watching the DRM-free trends in the music industry ? Too bad .
 In direct opposition to what some people may imply , I have actually purchased the game , and am enjoying it for what it 's worth . It 's definitely aimed at the causal player , and does lack something inthe depth-of-play department . -LRB- 2 or three go-rounds through the gameand the patterns required to win wo n't require a lot of work to run through -RRB- This is beside the point which I am trying to make : Would I buy a copy for my SO ? No.Would I recommend it to friends ? No.Why ? Becuase I do n't want to have the joyous time of digging a DRM program * coughcoughRootkitcoughcough * out of their systems with the digital equivalent of forceps if they got bored with it . I do n't like having to call up EA and beg for another activation so I can play the game I bought . -LRB- This is NOT an MMO , EA should n't get to control if I 'm able to play or not . Do n't even ask for my thoughts on them delegating that decision to a peon in a call-center located out in the middle of god-knows-where . -RRB- They got my money , but it cost em two + sales to do so.My advice to someone considering purchasing this game ? Go buy something from Stardock or Introversion , they both make awesome games and they do n't support the draconian DRM which seems to be more and more prevalent with games coming out of larger corporations .
 After installing spore , I was surprised to find that I can only install the application three times . I am a software developer so I quite often have windows issues that require I reinstall the operating system . Further , I like to swap between my desktop and my laptop to play games . This really sucks EA ! If they would allow me a refund I would use it !!! Oh , the game play is a little dissapointing and a little to easy to beat . To much empahasis on design and not enough on actual gameplay ...
 I was very excited about Spore , until I found out that the game is infected with DRM -- digital rights management -- that makes it impossible to play the game after you 've installed it three times on your machine . Granted , you can call up the distributor and request another installation , but you are treated as if you are a thief , not a paying customer.Pass on this game until EA treats its customers like all other successful businesses do
 Even without the DRM , this game is terrible . Its 5 games in 1 , all of which could have been so much better.As its been said
 I have no interest in installing the DRM software which acts like a virus/trojan on my computer and limits my ability to play the game on my computers . My friends are getting spore for free by downloading illegal pirated versions so this DRM stuff does n't seem to have solved the problem , only exacerbated it by discouraging people people from legally buying the game . Whoever at EA is behind this should be fired for this catastrophe . Until then , they 'll be no Spore on my computers until there 's no DRM .
 Do n't punish people who payed for the game with this BS , it will not stop the pirates , it will just punish the honest people .
 I really would have loved to buy this game , but I do n't rent . Sorry EA . You lost a sale because I do n't rent my video games .
 This game has great promise with a huge black eye called DRM . DRM is n't something that does anything to protect a product , it only causes honest paying customers problems while those who pirate the game play without the headaches and confines of PAYING customers.I can understand protecting your investment but using user registration and requiring accounts associated with cd key should be sufficient . They 're more interested in making sure that both of your teenage kids have their own registered license and have given up on those who pay nothing for the product and use cracks.It 's a shame that EA has chosen to shackle a promising game with draconian DRM .
 I 've just spent the last 45 minutes using LogMeIn remote Control of my home computer from my office computer because my kids could n't get the install of Spore to work . -LRB- And they are usually pretty tech savvy !!! -RRB- I figured I 'd just pop on the computer remotely and figure it out.But , no matter how much I try , I just ca n't figure it out . Something is just leading to the install just disappearing , even after I entered the silly registration code . It just hangs . I can only believe it is due to this crazy DRM scheme.I am returning the game to Amazon tomorrow .
 I do not buy products with DRM , end of story . In fact I 've never paid for products that are crippled or incomplete.In this country it could be argued that such products do not meet the requirements laid out by consumer law , as they are often not of a ` merchantable quality ' , due to various limitations . In fact there have already been court hearing here in the past that ruled various methods of copy protection as less than legal , due to the nefarious and detrimental way in which they affect the system they are installed on .
 I purchased Spore directly from EA on Sunday night when it was released , and have yet to even install it because EA forces you to install their `` EA Download Manager '' first , which wo n't install on my machine -LRB- Vista Home Premium -RRB- . So I am here , 2 days later , no response from EA support to my open tickets , not able to even install the game that I paid for . I 've opened a paypal dispute against EA/DigitalRiver but I doubt I am going to get my money back . Looks like EA made an easy $ 50 off me , but I promise you EA , it will be your last .
 Will Wright is revered in the gaming community , and for good reason - he 's responsible for some of the most popular and well-done games in history -LRB- anybody who remembers the incredible time sink that was the original Sim City , or Sim City 2000 , or more recently , the Sims , knows what I 'm talking about -RRB- . His latest creation , Spore , has an audacious scope that makes his other releases look pedestrian in comparison - it 's unfortunate that such a great game was hamstrung by EA 's completely incompetent production and release decisions . The DRM is completely unreliable - I 've installed three times now , on 3 different machines -LRB- Vista , XP SP2 and an XP SP2 virtual machine running inside VMware Fusion -RRB- , and had wildly varying results each time ranging from multiple reinstalls , to partial success -LRB- game will play fine for a while , and refuse to launch after a reboot -RRB- to total failure -LRB- install bails out , game wo n't launch at all -RRB- . These ill effects are 100 % attributable to EA 's ill-advised decision to incorporate cumbersome and unnecessary DRM into a game that was so widely hyped that they could have distributed it on the Pirate Bay and still made a fortune . EA 's customer base told them , in no uncertain terms , that this DRM was unacceptable and would cost them sales many months ago when the Spore excitement was first ramping up . Unfortunately , they ignored the warnings and chose to regard their customers as criminals , one and all . The bad publicity they 're reaping now is the entirely predictable fallout of their bad decisions .
 Wow , I just want to thank all the people who bothered to post reviews here . I was very interested in this game until I read the truth about the ridiculously restrictive DRM scheme that is included . I personally do n't want a process that I ca n't remove to run on my system constantly just so I can install Spore . 3 activations is a joke , too . Thanks again all . I wo n't be trying Spore until a version without this DRM is released .
 I have to say that I feel really sorry for the developers to have put years of great work into this game only to have EA ruin it with such awful DRM.To the Developers
 Spore 's DRM was bad.Basically , the game involves you creating a creature and following it through evolution . It starts off with your creature swimming about in the primordial soup , in the cell stage . This is quite fun and lasts about five minutes.Then the game goes to crap.The creature stage involves you hitting the same three buttons over and over to either ally with other creatures or eat them . While you can customize your creature somewhat , the game chooses to randomly limit the options you have and since some options can reduce the number of times you have to hit the three buttons , there is n't really much choice . Additionally , the game lacks tooltips beyond ability names , so there 's a lot of guesswork involved.The tribal stage is a horribly boring unresponsive RTS with counter intuitive controls . By ` rts ' I mean ` real time hour-long snoozefest ' in which you may as well be watching a cutscene for all of the effects your actions have on the game.The civilization stage starts off with you having to design no less than three buildings / vehicles / new outfits , which although fun for the first one , gets really old fast . And then after about five minutes you have to design several more . Additionally , the RTS gameplay is still horrid and unintuitive and the game provides no explanations on things , just ` click and magic happens ! ` The space stage is like any MMORPG 's quest setup , except it 's just you , and there 's only two quests , and they 're painfully boring , and you have to do them dozens of times for dozens of different people . Then , you get a reward that lets you do them faster!DONOTBUY .
 If you have a ` secure ' computer and are not comfortable working with security settings , forget this game.My experience has nothing to do with installng the game 3 times.After paying $ 50 for a game , I do n't want to have to go through all kinds of machinations with my internet security to get a game or any software to workBeware
 Not a good game for the amount of time it took to come out . I also regret purchasing it b/c of the DRM they included to combat `` piracy '' . As a result , I think I will not be purchasing anything from Amazon or EA again until changes are made . EA , lay off the DRM crap , you guys are killing PC gaming . Amazon , do n't censor or delete reviews , if the game is not enjoyable due to ANY reason , it is the consumer 's right to know .
 I 've been talking about this game with my 7 year old for a while . I downloaded the Creature Creator demo for him a couple weeks back and he loved making all sorts of fun and interesting creatures.And he knows the full game is released now and has been asking about it non-stop . How do I explain to him that I ca n't rationalize $ 50 for a game with such ridiculous limitations on it ? How do I explain that when daddy upgrades the hardware or does his yearly OS reinstall , we may not be able to reinstall the game without calling customer support and begging ? I do n't beg.What am I supposed to do when two or three or five years from now , EA no longer exists , or has been absorbed into some other company and I ca n't install it and whatever support line is available no longer knows what the heck I 'm talking about?EA , you know the crackers will have a version of Spore with SecureRom disabled in no time . How long did it take for Mass Effect to be cracked?I really want to give you $ 50 for Spore . I really do . But I wo n't with such stupid , stupid DRM ` features ' . There are other options ... Sorry son . Let 's see what other game publishers have to offer . Maybe EA will get its head out of its ... you-know-what ... by Christmas .
 After years of hype , the product does n't live up to expectations . Unfortunately , they spent way way way too much time working on all the creature creation options and vehicle options , etc. and forgot that there was supposed to be an actual game . It almost feels like the game part was slapped on last minute because the ideas used for the game portion are so unoriginal and have almost no new ideas explored at all.In answer to some other critics , I own the game and paid full price for it . My 6 and 8 year old like the creation aspect and that is fine but that is about all the fun there is to be had.This also explains why they do n't want a real demo out . If you saw it , you 'd never buy it at $ 50 or $ 45 a pop.Finally , the DRM is inexcusable . They already limit what you can do online because only one license can have an account and be logged in at one time . Why was there the need to put the three install limit into the system too ?? My recommendation is to avoid this and spend the money elsewhere . At the very least , wait until it is under $ 20 and/or they remove the DRM from the product . I personally wish I 'd waited too .
 When are these companies going to realize that things like this only hurts the paying customers ? I truly do n't understand what their reasoning is . The game is already cracked and DRM free for those who do n't want to pay while we , the ones who actually want to pay for our software , are left with this kind of crapNo , I wo n't buy this . The only way I will ever play this is if I download it . That way I wo n't have to worry about intrusive copy `` protections '' .
 OK I must mention the DRM stuff is crap . This will be the last game I buy from EA until this is stopped.Beyond that the game itself is pretty lame and lacking . Nothing you really do seems to effect the creature you create beyond the way you make it look and that gets kind of boring after the first 100 times you do it . I do not know , perhaps I am missing something but spending hours on end pulling tugging pushing on body parts to change then and paint a creature just is n't that exciting to me . I was expecting more involvement from the creatures in the world around you . Here all you do is befriend them which consist of you pushing a `` sing '' , `` charm '' or `` pose '' button to mimic the other creature until it likes you . There is no other real interaction beyond that . On the other hand if you choose not to befriend them then you can kill off another species which is almost as lame a befriending them with its interaction . This game is pretty lacking in general when it comes to the level of interaction with the world/worlds . Even within you own species there is little to no interaction . I just do n't get it . Again the only real point I see to the game at all is designing and painting a creature and the novelty of that wears of after the couple of hours.Save your money on this one and just download the creature creator if your so hell bent on making your own little creature as this game is pretty much a waste of money .
 Oh `` EA '' lem me tell you something . You think you put your hardcore DRM on us innocent PC game buyers , treat us ALL like thieves , and forget the fact that some of us are PC builders that do reinstall our OS allot when upgrading hardware or doing a normal Windows reformat , and think we 're gon na take this crap , then you EA are sadly mistaken!I bought this game and regret it by far , why ? Because the DRM is REALLY that bad ! I thought we were in a day in age as to when you spend your HARD EARNED money on something it is actually yours ? Not to distribute , but to use as long as you want solely for yourself ? Evidently EA does n't believe in that . EA 's days are numbered they just do n't know it yet . Whatever you do DO N'T buy this game !!!!!! Hey-Hey , No-No , EA 's DRM-has-got-to-go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 ... I ` ma pass on this game . Maybe I 'll just show my 8 year old -LRB- a voracious reader himself -RRB- the reviews and he 'll understand why I am not going to plop down $ 50 for this `` extended rental '' .
 Do n't bother buying . Have fun with your sales EA . Hope you guys make a loss on this game .
 When will EA get it through its thick skull DRM is 1 . unwelcome , and 2 . does n't stop piracy -LRB- possibly promotes it -RRB- ?
 1 -RRB- DRM - EA has made a poor decision to include Digital Rights Management in an attempt to prevent Spore , a long anticipated game from being pirated . However what EA fails to see is that the game has still been pirated and the only ones suffering are poor individuals who purchased the game infected with DRM .2 -RRB- A little of many - Spore being a long awaited game with a revolutionary creation system built in for creatures , buildings and vehicles falls very short in the enjoyability category . The game play is repetitive , sure you move between play styles but the same concept and easily repetitive game play exists through out.My suggestion is to choose a DRM free game of your liking and purchase that . You will get much more entertainment with that than you will with Spore.If you choose to ignore this warning . Wait until you get into the space travel portion of the game , where you perform the same tasks as the rest of the game but in a different environment . When you get to this phase , that is when you will be thinking he told me so .
 I really wish that I could give this game the rating it deserves . It certainly is n't as terrible as to warrant one start based solely on gameplay . With a pretty clever `` evolution '' system , and the ability to play several games at once , spore is unique and entertaining.Of course , as with all the rest of the reviewers , I am citing the fact that spore 's DRM totally kills the gameplay experience . I can understand such a DRM for software like photoshop , something that has a value -LRB- depending upon what exactly you buy -RRB- of upwards of $ 1000 . Spore ? $ 50 . Is it worth alienating your most loyal customers?For an extra buck , you bet!I purchased this game . But I 'm sharing it , and hell if I want to buy another copy just so I can play it on two different computers , neither of us playing all that extensively.EA ! If you had not included the DRM , you might have sold well over the amount that you 're going to lose with this flop .
 The ability of EA to arbitrarily decide how a user can use software on her own computer , and to make a part of her own computer off-limits so that it can spy on her in order to make sure that she abides by their restrictions is ludicrous .
 $ 50 is way too much to rent this game . Why rent ? Because that is what it comes down to with 3 installs . How about changing the computers or having a disk crash etc. . How many installs would that take ? Anyway , I say $ 10 is the right price for this game and I 'd buy it now .
 This game is amazing in concept ... but EA had to go and screw everything up . I will not purchase this game . I will not support this game , and I will definitely not support EA , or anything EA produces.DRM is unacceptable . EA , I really hope you learn your lesson from all of this .
 What a shame and a HUGE disappointment . Many people literally waited years for this game to come out -LRB- I being one of the many -RRB- and rushed first thing to buy it . At the time I knew nothing about the DRM issue , I 'll leave that till later.Although the graphics are good and the animations are very refreshing , along with some storyline humor throughout , it is a very boring game.Where is the evolution that we `` the players '' are supposed to control ? This is a VERY regimented game , totally controled by the storyline . Only One high `` level '' can be achieved , i.e. the parts do not `` stack '' . Mix and match , get to level 5 , you 're done . The creature does n't `` learn '' as you play . No growth at all . Only when you kill , convert , or trade with the game 's preprogrammed amount of individuals are you then manuvered to the next level , no other challenges provided , nothing left to explore , nothing left to do but move to the next constructed time zone.The space level . I must admit I have never completed this level . I hate this level . VERY regimented . Totally boring . Nothing but timed sequences . Where is the exploring ?? Where is the `` open-ended '' play ?? Every time I get a quest which must be done within a certain time starting NOW-GO , I get an emergency `` call '' and have to dash back home or to an alliance to help them fight the never-ended pirate attacks . OOPs , out of time , quest failed . Oh , and by the way , you are only allowed ONE space ship FOREVER . Boring,frustrated-turn off the game , not worth the fifty bucks.Don ' t promise me add-ons , patches to improve this game , the DRM kills the desire for any further EA produced games -LRB- of which I must say I have quite a full library -RRB- This game is not worth spending your money on , nor the hipe proclaimed by the advertisements .
 I got a whole 2 evenings of play out of this game before I could not take it anymore ... I can see it being more fun for 9-14 year olds maybe ? There is no challenge to this game at all and the process of moving through evolution is way too easy . It was a big waste of money for me buyers be warned ...
 I am tired of companies treating legitimate purchasers of their products as pirates . I hate the fact that :1 . This product phones home to EA to see if I have used my one of 3 -LRB- or 5 ... who knows -RRB- installs . If I bought the game , I payed for MY system , I should have control to install this on my system as many times as I please . I frequently re-image and upgrade my pc . I should n't have to phone into a sub-par support service to get another chance to install my game that I paid for . Also based on previous EA support changes , They will probably charge you 2-3 years down the line just to talk to their support .2 . Securerom . Anything that adds insecurities to the pc is a no-no for me . Why am I forced to open my system to vulnerabilities to play a game ? Google securom security problems , and you will find thousands of posts across many forums . Add the fact that it causes compatibility issues with various system configurations that impair the ability to even start games .3 . These games are cracked and on torrent websites before they are even published . The DRM does n't does n't do anything but hurt paying consumers.Guess what EA , every game I see published by you that I have a pre-order order on , and has Securom gets the pre-order canceled . I canceled my pre-order for this game , and cancled my pre-order for Crysis
 I 've tried this game out and it is a lot of fun . But I 'm a casual gamer . My number one criteria is that it work , every time , easily , and does n't cause too many problems with my system . My friend who has it has experienced exactly the opposite . The DRM is absolutely killer to this game , and it 's just not worth the headache . My $ 50 is off the table . I wonder how many more dollars EA will lose in a bid to get some pirates to buy ?
 What they do n't advertise on the box is that you can only install this game 3 times . Ever . Unless you grovel to their support line and get treated like a criminal.The idea is very original , but the gameplay is mediocre . If you really want to play it , download a torrent or something . Do n't support EA putting this kind of draconian DRM on their products .
 I 've been following the development of this game avidly for 2 or 3 years . Spent hours discussing it and speculating excitedly . But I 'm sad to say I wo n't be buying it until a version is released that will not install a virus on my computer .
 OMG I have DRM in my computer ! Bad thing that I ca n't even lend this game to my brother to play , now I have a potential spyware on my computer ! And from what I 've read it ca n't be taken out . I 'm regretting buying this game , I mean who in their right mind would install potential threats to their personal PC ? I hate this game ! : -LRB-
 I would LOVE this game if it did n't mess with my system . Tried to run it on my PC , but it disabled my DVD burner and now I must mess with the registry to get Nero to work . Tried to run it on my Macbook , but it does n't work with the onboard video card . I ca n't sell it because it has a limited number of installs . Do n't blow your money on broken garbage !
 Games like this make me want to give up on the pc platform . I am a system builder and am constantly changing motherboards . Their is no way I am paying for this more than once . Shame on you EA !
 Aside from being boring , the game has DRM . D-R-M . Nobody should buy it .
 When I first heard about the DRM issues with Spore back in May I rocked back and decided not to get Spore even though I had wanted it for a while . EA backed down and I planned on paying up for it again but with the install limit to 3 computers and the lack of uninstall = new install freedom , I have issues . I am currently rocking on 2 laptops and a desktop , all of which I reformat or otherwise have to reinstall XP or Vista every year or so -LRB- mainly for speed boost reasons -RRB- . I would suck up all my installs in a week , no thanks , I will pass .
 Frankly , with all the hype surrounding this game , I would have hoped for something a little more earth-shattering . Instead , the game is merely good . There are some really good bits of game play , particularly during the space segment . If that were the end of the story , I would have given Spore a three star rating.Instead , the game has extremely draconian DRM for a largely mediocre experience . Until said DRM restrictions are loosened or eliminated , I can only give this game a one star rating .
 Digital Rights Management protect this game so you do not own it ... you are renting it ! I do n't know about you but I do NOT pay $ 50 to rent a game!Just say no to this POS!Thanks but no thanks !
 I should have just downloaded this illegally , the DRM is so bad . If I purchase a game , I expect to OWN it in perpetuity . I 'm sorry , but three installs is not a reasonable limit . My household has three computers , so EA feels that at this point I 'll need special permission for a re-install on any one machine?Thanks but no thanks , EA . You can keep your Spore .
 I canceled my pre-order when I found out about the 3 install limit . I wipe my system every six months ; I refuse to be forced to call EA and beg for another install for a product I PAID FOR . Yeah , that 's not going to get old . At least give an install back when the program is uninstalled by a user . This DRM is onerous and I will not support it by buying this game .
 But I do n't like being punished for honestly purchasing games . First NWN2 installs what is basically a root kit and now I 'm limited on installs . Someday they will learn to stop discouraging people from actually paying for games , music , DVDs etc. .
 Nothing says `` rewarding your customers for several years of waiting '' quite like slapping Securom on the discs . You have a limited number of installs . After having to wipe your hard drive a couple times , the game you paid money for will not work anymore .
 1 . Use of Securom should be indicated in game description , as it is a piece of software that is installed on your computer with the game . If I had known the game would come with Securom , I would n't have ordered it .2 . I do n't want to pay $ 50 to lease a game . I can do that at the local game store for $ 10 . If I had known that this was a lease , I would n't have ordered it .3 . Securom -LRB- installed with your game -RRB- is malware that DOES N'T UNINSTALL WHEN YOU UNINSTALL THE GAME . You can remove Securom either by a -RRB- reinstalling Windows , or b -RRB- following the directions here
 did you read all the other reviews before getting here ? Hope so , since I 'll be short.Good game , lots of innovation , mostly works . Some bugs -LRB- like in crashes at space stage a few times -RRB- and terrible game balance for ` easy ' mode -LRB- good luck casual gamers , wish you well with space stage if you have bad neighbors -RRB- . The DRM issue did n't seem like it 'd affect me because I was installing it onto the Mac side of an iMac . But I believe the recent notice by EA that they were adding SecuROM to the MAC games that are ported over from PC includes Spore . Even if not , it seems like it will be polluting my OS with its who-knows-how-bad background activities for any future EA games . This would force me to install on the Windows partition and let IT get screwed up with such stuff.EA needs a board member revolt and leadership change.Oh , and draconian , got ta include that word here somehow .
 Game looks fun but I wo n't be getting it since I do n't rent games . I buy games and well , after looking at the DRM disaster -LRB- 3 installs total -RRB- that is following this game is shameful . I understand that companies want to protect their product but this method makes me wonder if I will ever by a game from EA again . Already , I know I wo n't be getting Red Alert 3 , a series I have purchased every single game in . That game 's DRM is almost as bad as Spore 's . It is a shame since I have been looking forward to this game for years . Now because I 'm going to be renting the game instead of owning , I will pass .
 I 've been waiting for this game for a long time , and am quite disappointed by it . The first four stages are fast and have very little replay value , unlike SimCity , Civilization , and related games that I could play many times , exploring different strategies . It 's quirky , cute , and the audio and visuals are beautiful , but the underlying game dynamics are n't all that interesting.The final stage seems fun until you realize that all the missions are the same type of thing -LRB- fly to a planet , zap yellow glowing creatures , find some artifact , abduct some lifeforms , kill some pirates , and that 's about it -RRB- . I understand that there 's supposed to be a grand finale at the end , but I 'm not going to do the same thing over and over again for days to get there .
 If you have a ` secure ' computer and are not comfortable working with security settings , forget this game.My experience has nothing to do with installng the game 3 times.After paying $ 50 for a game , I do n't want to have to go through all kinds of machinations with my internet security to get a game or any software to workBeware
 We dont want DRM on our games . We dont want you limiting the way we use them . I have rebuilt my PC 5 times in the last 12 months due to hardware issues and OS upgrades . The last thing i want to do is have to call EA and justify myself over the way i use my hardware and software . This could have been a brilliant game experience and they decided to flush all the momentum away in order to secure the fringes against piracy . Most consumers will buy the game if its compelling , but not with a big brother mechanism built in .
 The title says it all
 I am an older gamer . I do n't like piracy , I buy original games for all systems -LRB- 360 , PS3 , Wii and PC -RRB- . I spend more than a thousand dollars a year on games and spend more than that on pc hardware . About the DRM situation , I actually bought Spore , I did n't remember it had the 3 installation limit and SecureRom . Now I have a flawed product and there is people that have a better version than mine . A pirated version , it is DRM free and has no limits on installs . Wow , I am sold ! A coworker asked me to buy him one $ 49.99 USD copy of Spore on Amazon , and I told him , get a pirated version . This from a person that hates piracy and has fought it for years , not anymore . I am against this stupidity of DRM that punish paying customers because pirates do n't get punished this way , the will never be . The get their software someplace else . I am very frustrated with EA , 2K and wohever uses this dirty tacticts . I hope new PC Publishers come to our rescue because the old Companies like EA that owe their beginnings to the PC -LRB- and other computers -RRB- seems to be in a crusade to kill the PC market with their ignorence on how the market works.A very angry angry paying custumer -LRB- Gamer since the Odyssey 2 by Magnavox
 Spore itself is a mediocre enough game , and it will probably get enough sales to warrant its development . This protest of sorts may or may not put a dent in the sales -LSB- which would be blamed on piracy one way or another anyway ... -RSB- . But thats not the important thing . I feel that this protest is VERY pertinent because it reflect company-customer relations in the DRM issue . As it has been said countless times before , DRM is an ironic institution of sorts . As the pirates feel no need to keep it -LSB- for obvious reasons ? -RSB- its edited out of the pirated copies , while the consumer is left with a slightly lesser copy . For the average consumer , this is n't a problem , they 'll play it , get tired of it , and never look back . But i 'd like to think of myself a gamer.I constantly watch and improve my computer to make sure it can do whatever i ask of it . Sometimes I make a good choice and get a nice video card . sometimes -LSB- god forbid -RSB- , I make a mistake , and have to reformat . But I keep whats important to me . Like Starcraft , Diablo 2 , warcraft , counterstrike , half-life , portal , Team fortress . I hope you see a pattern there , because companies like Blizzard and Valve can simply ask for my money and i 'll give it to them . -LSB- I 've bought starcraft thrice , diablo twice -RSB- Here , you can see the huge difference between companies like blizzard and valve ; and companies like EA . Blizzard and Valve subscribe to the tenet of quality and satisfaction . Blizzard went through great pains making sure their games are of the highest caliber and that the multiplayer experience was reletively unparalleled -LSB- for a while at least -RSB- . Likewise , Valve also produces games modelled around the consumer experience , and implement a system for GAMER SECURITY -LSB- VAC anticheating system -RSB- , and convenience -LSB- Steam =D -RSB- . These companies do n't hobble their games for profit margins , instead they earn their profits . This is in sharp contrast to companies like EA , who produce games like candy -LSB- not that that 's necessarily a bad thing -RSB- , but the overall quality and therefore the profits are questionable , and furthermore , paranoid as they are about their ` slim ' profit margins , they try to keep it so with such protection.We as consumers need to tell companies like EA , that DRM is n't the answer so much as Quality , Integrity , and Satisfaction.I 'm typing this up on my school laptop , after which I 'll play Diablo 2 -LSB- looking forward to diablo 3 -RSB- Then i 'll head home , play more Diablo on my desktop -LSB- WHAT ?! ANOTHER COPY ?! BLASPHEMY ! -RSB- and blizzard can take my soul = P
 Over hyped and under delivered.It was a major underwhelming to play the game . Each stage is dumbed down , and space stage is boring.Use your money somewhere else.Not to mention , it is riddled with drm , and you have limited installs.I 'd recommend you download it from a bittorrent site .
 I love the drm on this game !!! If I could have bought just the drm on its own , I would have given it a 5 star review . The `` game '' just gets in the way of my drm-induced happiness . Long live DRM !! Viva DRM !!!
 I do n't understand how all the five star reviews were written months before the game actually came out . One review was written 24 months ago . Is it me or are the reviews highly suspect ? The game came out Sept. 7 , so having a five star review from so long ago is an indication of gross corporate manipulation . Buy at your own risk .
 I hereby boycott the purchasing of `` Spore '' until EA has decided to release a patch that does n't require the installation of DRM software prohibiting me from installing the game more than three times . If I bought the game , I would n't be able to activate it because I 'm in Iraq with only a Government computer to use for the internet . I also re-install my OS every six months roughly . I would like to be able to play the game past three times without the hassle of calling EA each time I want to play it . It kind of ruins the experience for me , and I am forced to look `` elsewhere '' to get the game until then . In this case , no one wins . EA , you 're seriously only hurting yourself . Spore is VERY popular with the underground and has been cracked . I do n't see how continuing this behavior of locking down your software actually helps you , the developer , make your money back from the millions of dollars spent so far to actually create the game . Where 's my incentive to be an `` honest '' person ? I know this may be a fruitless request , but I have to think that my vote counts.After all , is n't it `` God Bless America '' ... not China .
 This game installed virus/spyware `` DRM '' software on my computer WITHOUT MY PERMISSION that has slowed down my entire system significantly . The same thing happened to three other people I know who purchased this game . My recommendation
 I was going to purchase the game , until I found out about the DRM issues from all the reviews . Guess I saved myself 50 dollars .
 I 've never been so happy an item was on backorder . I originally purchased the galactic edition from Best Buy but because I got an email saying it was on backorder I came here to buy the same thing . I 'm glad I did . 3 installs is rediculous . I have a Diablo II CD that I 've installed on probably 10 different computers . This could be the best game ever made but because of the DRM issues there is no chance I 'm ever going to buy this game . Diablo II got a couple sales out of me just because I lost the CD over the years , but EA and Spore can be assured I 'll never buy a product made by them or Will Wright again . Good job EA , keep up the hard work .
 As other reviewers have kindly pointed out , this game is n't the greatest in the world -- but the assumption by EA that you , in your entire life , will apparently only install this game to your computer -LRB- or any of your current computers or future computers -RRB- 3 times is just ridiculous . The game has already been pirated and they 've gotten past the protection -- instead of `` protecting '' their investment , EA has just frustrated people to the point where they 'll HAVE TO download it in order to play it . Mindbogglingly stupid .
 If you 're into Sims , World of Warcraft , Lord of the Rings , etc. , and over age 6 , you 'll probably get bored and disappointed pretty quick with this one . After all the hype when buying this then taking it home , I kept thinking , `` it 's got ta get better ... please ... anytime now ! ... ummm . . :-p `` Level 1 is basically the old video game called Asteroids . For level 2 , one quickly realizes that it 's really only a mind-numbingly simple video version of Simon-Says
 I was excited when I heard about this game . It was my first purchase of a computer game in several years . It was fun to begin with , although it became monotonous after a while . The worst part is the copy protection . I did know it had SecuROM , but SecuROM was n't as bad last time I encountered it . My Windows partition exists to run Acrobat professional and 3D CAD programs . I formatted just before I installed this game , so I made the mistake of installing it first . Afterwards , none of my expensive and necessary professional software would install . I have since installed the game on Linux in wine , but it lacks online play now and I have to format my Windows partition again and scrub the remnants of SecuROM from the boot sectors . -LRB- FYI it does n't even completely remove when you format . If I remember correctly , it leaves information in the boot sector which is not erased when a computer is formatted . -RRB-
 Spore had a lot of potential , however , poor design choices have crippled what could have truly been a spectacular game . A common complaint -LRB- which I completely agree with -RRB- focuses around the lack of depth in this game . For example , the creature you design is affected in a very limited manner by the shape or stature of its body -LRB- id est ; uneven weight distribution will not really make for an awkwardly running creature -RRB- . It also seems as if -LRB- cell stage aside -RRB- , the placement of specific parts does not affect behavior -LRB- a spiky tail simply adds attack value ; the creature does n't actually use it -RRB- . In addition , the Space Stage is a nightmare . Colony and empire management are horrible , the universe is way overpopulated , the missions are boring and repetitive , and the design of alien empires is complete garbage -LRB- going back to the lack of depth , the same shallow personalities are recycled over and over again -RRB- . I was really looking forward to this stage of the game , and was VERY disappointed by what I found . Imagine having to construct every city on a planet building by building in a moderately sized empire of 35 worlds . Imagine having to constantly fend off attacks by raiders , or else hunt down diseased animals to prevent ecosystem collapse over and over again so that you can not concentrate well on whatever task you want to pursue -LRB- like empire building or terraforming -RRB- . Until an expansion pack is released , which fixes at least some of these issues , this game is going on the shelf to collect dust . Try it out if you must , but be forewarned that it is not at all what it could have been .
 First I thought this was a multiplayer game . How stupid of me . Second the DRM is an issue as previously stated in like 3,000 other bad reviews . Third and finally the game is just way too easy .
 Spore has many problems.Boring
 Returned it my purchase to Amazon unopened and requested refund for EA 's draconian Digital Rights management which only allows 3 installs of game . EA 's misprint in manual that allows multiple user accounts per game is WRONG per EA Customer Service.Too bad , for I was so looking forward to this game.SporeSpore Galactic Edition
 The DRM renders this game almost totally unplayable . Assuming you can get it to work at all -LRB- and you do n't mind that the DRM sticks around to gnaw on your system like a parasite -RRB- , you only get a certain number of total installs before you have a 50 dollar coaster.I 'll rent games elsewhere , Electronic Arts .
 This game is the best . You have lots of room to explore between different levels and stages . It 's fun .
 We bought spore , it 's a fun game but whats with the DRM ? There is a reason everyone hates DRM and a reason this many people were motivated to log in and say so . EA , are you listening ?
 After waiting 3 years to play it , I can honestly say that Spore is fantastic . It is almost all that I could have hoped for . I have been following websites dedicated to bringing the masses information regarding its release , previews , et cetera for a while . I bought the Creature Creator when it was first released and have a small bestiary of my own . I had high hopes.That said , DRM is the reason why I have yet to legitimately purchase this game . I was lucky enough to get the leaked version which neither requires a disk in the drive nor has limited online activations . I 've enjoyed the experience , though the lack of User generated content , that which one gets when registered and goes online , is disappointing.I can not give this game the review or score that it deserves while it still has the crippling flaws inherent in DRM .
 Simple , it 's a dollar vote thing . I refuse to support companies that use DRM to hurt their own customers . Want me to buy Spore ? Drop DRM .
 Thank 's for everyones review of the game . I was going to buy this game today but because of the DRM and a few other issues I will skip this game altogether . It 's a shame because I was really looking forward to owning this game . EA is not helping Will Wright in any way .
 I will not be buying this game due to the DRM issues . I do not want something that will stop working if I do a few upgrades to my hardware . Too bad for the software company . I would have loved to play an evolution game . Fifty bucks for something you rent for a few years is not a feasible price .
 Just as Mass Effect Spore was a game I thought of picking up for myself and my son . But to be told that I ca n't even play the game that I purchased after a crash or an update of OS is down right thievery ! So just like Mass Effect I will pass on this product once again published by EA , the DRM which limits you to 3 activations is the sole reason I will not be buying the game . I find it sad that the PC gaming community has to suffer from lack of innovation because the DRM issue is what is at the forefront of publishers agenda opposed to making good games . Sorry EA but you may have lost another customer until you can prove you deserve my money !
 Get used to being treated like a criminal with all new EA game purchases ; DRM like this only hurts legitimate purchasers .
 Spore uses Securom . Securom is one of the worst and most invasive techniques used by companies to protect their interests regardless of what the consumers wish for . Remember that software can not be returned once open and at this point it would be too late . Do not waste your money on this product .
 Overall this is a fairly fun game . This game is good for a more relaxing experience . There is not a lot of hard thinking or intense fighting you will need to do . With that said , I wish I could return it . The DRM -LRB- copyright protection garbage -RRB- on the game only allows you to install it 3 times ! If you have a desktop and a laptop , especially do n't buy this game as this will limit you to 1 reinstall if you were to install on both . If you ever upgrade your computer , your HD , or need to reload Windows your hosed . I could deal with incomplete games on release -LRB- EA 's battlefield series -RRB- but this was the last straw . I have a brand new computer and dont like the idea of installing software with hidden components I ca n't uninstall . If I could turn back time I would have just pirated this game so I wouldnt have to deal with the DRM . All games will always be piratable and there will always be tech savvy people to do it . This is just a small percentage and the gaming companies should just deal with it and not go overboard ruining things for its paying customers .
 This game has harsh/strict DRM that is invasive to your computer . It 's a serious turn off to deal with it just to try to play a dang video game . Especially the fact that you can only install the game a few times !? What the hell is that ? Like someone else said , you do n't buy this game , you rent it - and it leaves software on your machine that you ca n't uninstall through conventional means.Wait to buy this for when/if they release a version without all the hassle to own .
 When I first heard about Spore , I was as excited as everyone else . Here , I thought , will be a truly groundbreaking game , from a man who is one of the great masters of game design . Then EA 's idiotic executives got their hooks into it , and strangled the baby in its crib . As many others have said , to say this game is science-based is ludicrous ; there is no real evolution , form is completely divorced from function and ends up being little more than window dressing . The middle part of the game is utterly boring and devoid of meaningful content . You clearly see the fingerprints of `` lowest common denominator '' thinking all over this product
 You can only install it X number of times and then you have to buy the game again . Essentially you do n't own it , so I use the term `` buy '' loosely . You 're paying $ 50 to `` rent '' the game in all reality . Skip .
 I came here today because I was seriously thinking of buying this innovative game . It took me about 30 seconds -- the time required to read a couple of explanations of the DRM nonsense -- to change my mind . Good bye , Spore .
 This game uses a draconian `` digital rights management '' system . While the safety of this DRM system has yet to be determined , many DRM systems are considered `` malicious '' by anti-virus software companies . Some DRM systems , such as those once used by Sony Music , actually make computers more susceptible to viruses . Steer well-clear of this one for now .
 Merely adding fuel to the fire , so read past reviews to see why DRM is NOT the way of the future and why everyone should think seriously before adding this game to thier cart . Here 's a hint , EA
 The game is interesting and at times quite fun , however you 're constantly nagged by the feeling that something is missing from each of the games stages.Future expansions are a certainty and they will most likely expand the game to what it really should be , but these would affect my rating of the game only if they are free.If this was a game you could buy and own , it would get higher marks , maybe even 3.5 or 4 stars , but for a game that you 're essentially renting at a price point of around $ 50 , it is in no way justifiable to recommend it . I have `` rented '' this game for about a week now , and due to a highly untimely harddrive crash , I am already on my second activation -LRB- the game only allows 3 activations before you have to beg EA for a new activation , at which point they are most likely to require you to buy another license -RRB- . All in all , this is a huge disappointment , and the draconian DRM undercuts the longevity and expandability that this game obviously is intended to have , meaning that you will most likely have to buy the game several times over if you intend to stick with it through its intended lifespan .
 I would have considered buying this , but after all the hype I 've learned it 's just not worth it . And thanks to its ridiculously stringent DRM , I really have no desire to support it . Thanks but no thanks .
 Thanks to a horrendous activation policy , I ca n't install this on my gaming machine . And since I opened the package , I ca n't even return it . A $ 50 coaster ! I have been shanked .
 Huge shame , I had such high anticipation for this game . I was screwed with Mass Effect having been given no notice about this 3 activation limit , I had hoped there would be some common sense from EA . Glad I kept a careful eye on the forums in time to cancel my pre-order . Sorry Maxis , your a good company stuck with a lousy publisher .
 My mom bought me this game . Unfortunetly , we dont have Internet -LRB- we live in the mountains and do not have access to dsl or cable , we do have electricity though - lol -RRB- . But the game wont finish its installation . And since I opened the box , I cant return it . And buying a modem and using dial-up is not an option.This is just stupid . I am so annoyed . Thank you to whoever 's responisible . Stupid .
 I was considering buying this game , but i refuse to own a game which doesnt consider itself my property . I shouldnt have to endlessly jump through draconian hoops once ive paid for it . It 's kind of crazy how much business they loose because of this decision , especially considering that in reality it does nothing to deter the determined pirate .
 Even if you discount the crippling effect of the DRM on long-term play , there 's another consequence . In 50 % of cases , it will prevent the game from booting up at all . Tons of users are left with a $ 50 coaster because of securom .
 By now , everyone who 's interested in this game probably have heard about the DRM issue , so I 'm not going to go there -LRB- there are plenty of reviews that discusses how horrible DRM is and how greedy EA is -RRB- . The gameplay of this game is just terrible . Disappointing . It 's so simple and mindless . You spend the first three stages eating other creatures . That 's it . You run around and eat , then mate . And you repeat that over and over . Everything after that is just an uninspired , dull , uninvolved real time strategy game that even a strategy game from 10 years ago would 've more depth and creativity.Don ' t get the game . EA needs to learn a lesson here .
 Like all the others posting here , I will not buy this game due to the DRM . I refuse to support these sorts of antics with my wallet and will go find another creative way to spend my $ 60 . Also ... thanks to EA for saving me the hassle of begging my wife to buy a new computer to play Spore on . You saved me some heartache .
 EA take note
 DRM does not stop a single pirate.DRM encourages gamers , who would like to legitimately purchase and support the development of video games , to pirate.Thus , DRM actually does nothing but punish those who do buy it and overall costs more sales than it saves.Can ALL digital content producing companies -LRB- Music/Video Games/Movies -RRB- STOP with the DRM . It 's useless , change your business model or die .
 While I have been enjoying spore since I purchased it yesterday I have to say the DRM really irks me . Hopefully EA will take notice of this review bomb and maybe in the future they will do something .
 I just wanted to add another vote that DRM only punishes those who actually purchase the game , not the pirates , and in fact , encourages more to pirate . Any game that limits your number of installs does n't deserve your money
 Having lost music to DRM , there is no way I 'm buying a DRM 'd game . EA
 From the early reviews and game trailers , I was hopeful for this game . What I got was a really dumbed down strategy game . What I was hoping for was managing the evolution of your spore to facilitate overall success . However , the building of your spore only accounts for the very first stages of the game . After that , your evolution does n't really impact the later stages . This game is very easy and simplistic . In my opinion , there are better options out there such as Civilization.If you really enjoy model editing and an extremely easy strategy game , then this game is for you . Otherwise , the game play is kind of boring and pointless .
 Hopefully the darwins law will prevail and this porrly adapted game goes the way of the dodo .
 One of the most highly anticipated games of the year is a DRM NIGHTMARE !!! EA 's use of secureROM limits you , THE RIGHTFUL OWNER , to three installs . If you are like most tweaking reformatting gamers , you 'll hit that limit in no time . Heck , with Windows Vista , I 'm reformatting once a quarter . STAY AWAY , STAY AWAY , STAY AWAY !!! I 'd give this game NEGATIVE five stars if I could !!!
 When I was in school , DRM was on the Adobe suite . Because we were poor art students , we tried to split the cost of the program , but were denied more than 3 unlocks . Ridiculous . It was purchased legally by a couple of people because it was a mega expensive piece of software.I 'll never use anything with DRM again.Which is a bummer , because what I played of the game , it was fun .
 This game is not worth the hassle , the DRM punishes customers by making the game unusable . Also , the game itself is very shallow and does not live up to the massive hype . Avoid this one like the plague .
 I 've been looking forward to Spore since the first hints of its development came out years ago . Such incredible potential , and brilliant technology.Unfortunately , they 've made a dull game . After only a single Saturday afternoon on the weak early phases I got through to the Space stage by teatime , at which point it just turns into Yet Another Micromanagement Sim.You keep having to abort your epic missions/journeys just to fly back to your core planets to pick up spice -LRB- ie . more money -RRB- , protect against pirates or to avert biological disaster
 this game had the potential , it really did . then the douches at ea totally turned everyone off with this bs . its really sad that people spent years developing a great game with a great idea only to have their years of hard work spoiled by they greedy f**k s up top . good work EA !!
 Since its got DRM I will not buy it . It is a showstopper and the games simply gets the lowest rating from me .
 I was eagerly anticipating the release of Spore , that is until I discovered that EA was up to its old tricks of screwing its customer base yet again . The DRM scheme may have sounded good to the upper echelon of EA 's management , however in the end all it does is restrict the people who legally paid for the game , and gives those who have cracked/pirated it a good laugh at another of EA 's epic failures.I format my hard drive and upgrade my computer more often than most other people out there do . If I were to buy the game in its current state , I would be calling EA within 6 months pleading with them to enable the game again after my 3 installs were used . Its a shame that a game with such amazing potential was shackled with such an invasive DRM scheme . As it stands , I will not buy this game with its current DRM scheme !
 It wo n't work on my computer . No worries though , I like flushing money down the toilet ...
 I 'm sorry but I tend to like to buy my games and tend to reformat my computer frequently to keep it running in tip top shape . I really do n't want to have to call EA to justify my purposes for software I own.If it was n't for this the game would easily receive a 4/5 . As it is fun despite a few flaws .
 I bought this game when it first came out . I played it for a while and got very far into space stage -LRB- omnipotent -RRB- and was nearing a main goal in the game -LRB- spoiler free zone . -RRB- It crashed and I had to open process explorer to end the program . When I tried to start up the game again , I was promptly told by Securom -LRB- which I was never notified that it was installed -RRB- that I essentially did n't buy the game and it would n't let me start it.This upset me greatly , not only did my game crash when I was so far , but then it would n't let me back in . After scouring spore forums I found out that using Process Explorer -LRB- Microsoft 's own replacement for task manager -RRB- causes securom to freak out and not let you start your games that you bought.Now I ask , why do you punish paying customers ? I think it 's clear that it does n't stop piracy . Given that Spore was crack and released before it was actually released retail . You 're not punishing pirates , you 're only punishing honest , paying customers.So after restarting my computer , securom decided to forgive me for opening process explorer and let me start up the game . Which is when I found out there is no autosave . I was back to the all-powerful badge and way back with about 4 hours of game lost.I guess EA does n't care because they already got my money , but I am extremely disappointed in how they handeled this game . It 's missing such basic features such as autosave or multiple profiles.If it were n't for several issues like this and the plethora of problems caused by securom , it would be an amazing game.I have learned my lesson , and will not buy another EA game with securom . I have also told many people that they should not buy this game for those very reasons . The amount of customers EA has lost because of their decision to go with SecuRom has hurt them way more than they even realize and they will probably still attribute it to piracy . Whereas , the game is still cracked and pirates are using that instead of buying as protest , and there are many customers that are not buying because of this DRM that is packaged with it.Good game EA , game over .
 The ` rights ' that are managed are not in the interest of the consumer , but only to protect sales . A better way to do this could have been done , but EA is driving away sales from countless people by employing Securom 's system of limited installs . The people who do buy the game will be turned off from future purchases `` protected '' by Securom.I admit that I was hyped for Spore before I learned about Securom . I played the free Creature Creator extensively , and was ready to purchase the game the day it came out . However I will not tolerate the invasive protection scheme that comes with this game .
 So the gamplay goes from Flow to , WoW to , Patapon to , Emperor
 The game play on this leaves a bit to be desired , but it 's a really ambitious attempt from Wil Wright . If it were n't for the really horrific DRM that EA shackles the game with . You have to buy multiple licenses for the same PC if you want to be able play it from more than one account . Also , there are only three activations allowed . With all of the DRM hassles , I ca n't recommend buying this title at this point .
 Pretty much what everyone else says I agree . The game is dumbed down , the DRM is draconian and unacceptable . Further , i 'd pile onto the Space stage , the one I heard was the best of the Drek that is this game . I disagree . It 's ill balanced and not well executed . I play a highly aggressive race so of course everyone around me started in on me immediately . However , I was not given the tools to retaliate . Sure I can defend myself with a missle launcher that ONLY works on planets -LRB- stupid IMHO -RRB- but I ca n't attack back in space and ca n't bomb their cities -LRB- unless I get an unlock for a bomb and buy it for 360k -RRB- , you 'd think a race that nuked it 's enemies to end the civ stage would at least have a bomb to drop.That is of course a antecdotal example of how ill balanced the game play at that level is but it is indicative of the lack of time they had on this game . They did n't properly construct the game play and it 's obvious that they cut a lot of options throughout the game just to get something on the market and that 's what irks me the most . This game had the potential to be so much more but it falls flat in the classic example of an overly ambitious project that tries to bite off too much . If they had just thought it through they would have realized that making each level a full game and spending more time on the gameplay of each level would have been a better route . This way the success of the cell stage game could have funded the next game . I would have liked to see number of appendages effect the game , having eyes effect the game , body shape effect the game , body mass effect the game and all these effects carry over every stage and effect the game play at every level . As it is looks are looks and effect nothing , none of the attributes your race has does anything at all once you are in the tribe stage and beyond , and game play is either boring or ill balanced . I was looking forward to this game but now that I have it I realized that not only was it overhyped but they realeased a giant ball of poo . Will Wright you are better than this , EA I hope the inclusion of this DRM marks the begining of the end for you . Enjoy your descent .
 This game is fun as heck to play . I bought it but I did NOT know about the DRM . The game is a solid 4 or 5 stars . Add DMR and this game deserves a 1 star at MOST . Screw you EA . I am a person who like to install it , play it through once , uninstall it , pick it up a month or more and reinstall it , etc. . With the 3 install max ... I 'm SCREWED . I wasted $ 50 on you jerks . I hate this crap . I 'll have to look for a hack for the game that I legally purchased . Screw you EA for making my life more difficult when I want to play your games.I hope everyone gives this game a bad review . Let 's send grass root opinions to these executives . We should do this to all DRM games . Give them ALL a 1 star rating . Of course you should do this after really playing the game but no game in the world would ever be worth anything higher than 1 star given that it has DRM .
 I played with the Creature Creator , and seen a ton of videos and info on Spore , so I do n't doubt that the game itself is good . The reason I will NOT buy it , and am only giving it one star , is because of the un-excusable , heavy handed DRM hidden within the installation.For those who 've said `` you have n't played the game , you have n't bought the game , you do n't know if the DRM is really that bad ... '' , I can say that I HAVE dealt with a similar version of SecuROM the DRM that 's being used on Spore , I HAVE had numerous problems with it , and it IS as much of a problem , and a reason to not buy the game , as you 've heard . At the very least , there are at least two problems you are guaranteed to have with this DRM . First , you need to activate the game over the internet after install , and you can only activate the game three times . When you install the game you burn an activation . If you have to reformat your hard drive , you burn an activation . If you buy a new computer , or make a big upgrade to your existing computer , you burn your third activation . After that , if you have to re-install and re-activate again , you have to call and CONVINCE , not ask for but convince , EA to give you another activation . NOT ACCEPTABLE.Second , SecuROM does not uninstall when you uninstall the game . You need to find , then download , a separate utility , install that , THEN uninstall SecuROM . SecuROM also has incompatibilities with a few CD/DVD burning programs , amongst other things .
 Here 's a quote from the official EA-Spore website explaining one of the key features : `` SHARE with the World - Everything you make is shared with other players and vice versa , providing tons of cool creatures to meet and new places to visit . `` For myself and possibly thousands -LRB- or even hundreds of thousands ? -RRB- this feature is impossible for us to access . After I installed the game , issue the license key , and load it up for the first time it requests that you create an EA/Spore account . Every time I try to log in I get an error message `` The key is invalid '' . I 've been trying to contact EA 's support for the last week with no success .
 If you buy this DRM-infested game , you can only install it three times - after that , you have to call a hotline to activate it again . You do n't buy but rent it , but only for the full buying price . No thanks , this is ripping of the customer . We do n't need this , instead buy another game that lets you do what you want with it .
 The terrorists have won . No really , they have . Honest people purchasing this game are punished with the DRM when they install it . Everyone is now guilty and good luck proving your innocence unless your still have your receipt and it has n't faded so badly you ca n't use it as proof of ownership.If you really want to try this game and ca n't wait for a fix to remove the DRM I recommend installing it on a dedicated machine so the DRM does n't interfere with your main system you use for work/surfing/email / looking up how to get rid of said DRM , and possibly fixing the computer errors and problems occurring from the DRM install.The actual game experience feels unfinished in a few stages of the game , especially those stages that are reminiscent of other civilization and resource gathering real time strategy games.Those that paid for the creature creator instead of getting it for free will be saddened when it gets automatically uninstalled , adding $ 10 to your purchase price of spore . On top of that , finding the creatures you have already created using creature creator seemed anti-intuitive while playing spore.This game needs a version 2.0 without the DRM and with a bit more spit and polish on those neglected stages.Hope this review is helpful .
 EA should n't do this to people ... Punishing the people who actually buy your games just to punish the people who acquire it through outside channels is bad marketing ... if they have n't realized by now ... if someone does n't want to pay to play a game , they wont ... period.EA will never receive another cent from me ...
 I completely expected this to be a great game , little did I know Maxis cut everything so they can make money on expansions with annoying useless DRM.Turned out horrible and was not the `` full game '' seeing as they cut half the game out for expansions!Verdict , do n't buy
 I really wanted to like this game , after the years of buildup , Will Wright 's history of innovative design , and the -LRB- in -RRB- famous GDC demo of Spore -LRB- look it up on YouTube if you want to see what I thought they were going to publish , from a tech demo years ago -RRB- . What got delivered was a severely simplified collection of minigames slapped together with some overly cute animations , shallow play , badly thought-out and misbalanced endgame -LRB- space phase -RRB- , with one of the worst and most personally offensive copy protection schemes wrapped around it . In interviews post-release , Wright has basically confirmed that what was wanted by the publisher -LRB- note
 Spore 1/5 stars.Firstly , I 'm not going to even mention the DRM stuff ; the game just is n't all that great by itself so the DRM is nasty but it 's just icing on the cake -LRB- and it 's a rotten worm infested cake at that -RRB- . The game just takes a great concept -LRB- user designed content that can interact within the game environment -RRB- and places it in a horribly executed game world . It 's almost as if Will Wright worked on the creature creator and then had some intern to develop the rest of the game -LRB- an intern who had a love for spinning out clones of older games -RRB- . The first mode is an arcade cell stage . As a small cell you go through finding new evolution pieces for your cell -LRB- 9 can be found -RRB- and use these to make your cell as powerful as you can . In order to advance out of this stage you must eat your way to evolutionary development ... to do this you can choose three different paths , herbivore , carnivore , or omnivore . To be honest , as simple as this mode was , it was the most fun out of all the modes of game play available . The reason for this is that the choices you made in regards to where you placed evolution pieces -LRB- like spikes -RRB- affect game play because each of the pieces can make your creature more powerful ; the evolution pieces are not just cosmetic but affect the game world . However , the game play quickly becomes boring given the lack of choices for what you can use to enhance your creature leave you waiting to eat enough to get out of the level.The second mode gives you the ability to control your creature on land as opposed to in the water . You start off with a very minimalistic selection of body parts to use to help design your creature . The thing is they price the evolutionary pieces by DNA cost and different skill levels are granted for the higher costing pieces . So if you buy a pair of wings from the lowest category it only gives you ` Glide 1 ' while if you spend more and buy the more expensive piece you get ` Glide 4 . ' The thing is no matter how you design your creature you 're limited to a system that 's just about throwing expensive appendages on your critter to get the skills at high levels and not about designing a creature that is best fit in terms of design for the environment . Given two creatures of different sizes is n't it safe to assume the big creature would be harder to get lift from a tiny pair of wings -LRB- if you do n't scale them -RRB- ? In Spore it does n't matter since it 's just a skills game the creature creator is just a fancy way of displaying skill pieces not about crafting a well optimized creature.This is only worsened by the repetitiveness of the second mode
 Had to wipe the preferences folder because the game would n't start anymore after I changed the video resolution . I hope that did n't consume one of my three activations , which seems to be what I have thanks to the restrictive DRM.The system requirements are too high , ca n't play this on anything but the most recent Macs even though it supposedly works on older hardware when running in the PC version under Windows via Boot Camp .
 The game stops working after trying to install it 3 times . The DRM makes it useless if you have problems with it , or if you like to upgrade your machine . Consider the disk worthless in a few years when you want to install it again and play it , you will likely be out of luck because you have installed it too many times or EA no longer feels like paying to run the activation server for a game they stopped selling years before.Thumbs down .
 Until I can safely install and uninstall Spore without using up my activations , I will not be purchasing this . When will they get that enough is enough . They have crossed a line and they need to step back .
 EA consistantly screws up games to the point of making them unplayable . It 's ironic that when I spent money buying command and conquer 3 that it did n't work for months until SIX patches had been released , the final one finally letting me play.As a result I swore never to purchase another EA title , and it looks like I made the right choice . If anything , such crappy DRM is going to stop people buying future EA games and just pirating them , since hey , they have to pirate them anyway for them to even work.This game is a waste of money because it wo n't even install properly .
 Why would EA think limiting me to only three installs on a game that I bought and own is a good idea ? I 'm glad I waited for consumer ratings before buying the game . Like always DRM is hurting the people who have bought the game legally . The pirates will have a perfectly working game and we will not . Wake up EA , learn from the music industry . I want to pay you for a fully functioning product that works for as long as I want it to work . You ca n't pretend to sell me something that you are really renting to me and hope I do n't notice . I am not stupid!If you want to rent to game to me set it 's price at $ 9.99 and call it a rental . It 's a shame that DRM will kill such a promising game .
 Dear EA ; I love games . I still play games I bought ten years ago . Know why ? Because I bought them legally and now have CDs that I can safely install forever . So instead of playing Spore , I 'll be playing KingsQuest where there is no DRM and no limited installations .
 The DRM on this beast makes it impossible to play on any computer . When it 's own installer messes up it actually deducts one attempt from the total number of times you can install it . Yes you do n't own the game you are licensed an undefined number of installs weather or not they actually install.Will not work on Vista64 , will not work on XP32 , and from what my friends say I doubt it works on 32bit Vista.If it does n't work it 's not a fun game . If you really want to go through the trouble of lawsuits and legal documents to play this game go ahead.There is supposedly a way to contact EA for another activation but they treat you like a criminal and do NOT grant you another activation -LRB- but do n't worry even if they did it would fail like the other ones -RRB- . The point of such activation is only to enrage or steal from users . It feels like your renting a game but you have to be a damn scientist to put together the missing pieces just to get it to work.You are RENTING a license for a ERROR MESSAGE and you are paying a small percent of that money for EA to call you a thief.Discontinue this Pandora 's box , for when you open it and stick it in your drive you will release all the evil in the universe .
 I have been looking forward to Spore ever since it was shown for the first time , and my excitement has only grown since then.Imagine my shock when I discovered the horrible DRM EA have slapped on this game - which as many have stated did NOT stop the game from being pirated , far from it ! . Consider this another lost customer . This was a definite purchase for me , but no way in hell I am buying this game now . And I KNOW I am not the only one .
 I did n't really consider the DRM issue when I bought Spore , but after reading about it yesterday decided to add my vote against it . Why should I get a worse deal than people pirating the game?Bit of a shame really , since it 's actually good fun to play . Come on EA , you can fix this with a patch and get your reputation back .
 The DRM for the game utilizes securom which is essentially a virus that installs itself without warning when you install the game . There is no way to completely remove it without reformatting and it is constantly running in the background if not removed . Sucking up computer resources.It also is overpriced . This is actually a RENTAL , not a bought game because it only lets you install 3 times . If you install over 3 times then you must call EA customer support and beg them to let you play the game you bought . Did I mention the call is not free ? If you live outside the U.S. it will be a very expensive call.DO NOT BUY THIS , and if you do buy it keep in mind that you are renting it . Not buying it . Whats really ironic about this is the DRM has n't even stopped the pirates as it was pirated a few weeks ago . And the pirated version does n't have Securom or install limits which makes it a better version . EA should n't treat its consumers like trash .
 I bought Spore on release day , the `` Galactic Edition '' no less . I ca n't begin to describe to you how unimpressed I am . That 's $ 80 , down the drain.The game is incredibly simplistic compared to all the hype I 've heard/read the past couple of years . It 's not challenging at all . You 're done with stage one in about 20 minutes . Stage two is about an hour , stage 3 is a couple of hours , and so on . There 's very little incentive to replay the game again and again . When you consider load on the Spore servers , I suspect this is exactly what they wanted.Then there 's the DRM issue . I ca n't begin to understand why I 'm restricted to installing this game only 3 times ?!?! Does EA not realize some homes will contains children and more than one or two computers ? Limiting the number of installs is the dumbest thing I 've ever heard of . They require a login to access the Spore servers , so there 's already a very simple way to make sure only one copy of the game is ever ran at one time . EA , please take a look at how World of Warcraft does logins.I was hoping I could install the game on my kid 's computer as well as mine , but now I 'm not since that will leave me with only one more chance to re-install . And I 'm sure I 'll need that one reinstall the next time I have to reinstall windoze because of viruses.EA , you FAILED . You sold me rent-ware , and ripped me off for $ 80 . I wo n't forget it .
 I 've been eagerly anticipating this game , however I will not buy it due to the DRM and allowing only 3 installs . It 's a shame , but if I spend $ 49.99 for a game , I want to own it , not rent it . I upgrade my computer often , and have reinstalled my favorite games over and over again . If I 'm ask to enter a code , or use the disk to play , I will do so . It seems the industry no longer wants to support PC games , or honest customers .
 I have waited for this game since the earliest rumors of it . Built a machine that could run it -LRB- for reasons other than running it -RRB- . Played the Creature Creator demo , and was shocked by the fact that even the demo tried to infect my system with SecuROM.At least the demo did n't have limited activations.Three ? No thanks . This is supposed to be for casual gamers , which I guess is what I am these days . Normally I install a game , play for a week , and uninstall it afterward , usually leaving my save files in case I decide to come back to it a few months later . I would use up three activations far too quickly.Not going to buy if they 're going to treat me like a criminal . DRM is a show-stopper .
 I 'm a fan of Sim City 4 and Sims 2 -LRB- which I understand from the comments that Sims 2 has SecuROM on it
 It 's a great game , it really is . Kudos to Will Wright.However , EA has assumed that all of their customers are criminals . And you have to prove to them that you 're not with this horrendous DRM . Nice way to treat your customers , EA.I bought the game before I knew about this . Until you stop treating me like a criminal , EA , you wo n't be getting any more of my money .
 Take your DRM for you . I wanted to buy this game but I discovered the `` Reloaded '' version is much better
 I 'm sure this would be a good game , if I could even get it to install on my computer . But since the DRM does n't appear to like my CD-ROM drive , I ca n't even get the game on my computer.And with the knowledge that I 'm really just borrowing the game from EA , the DRM situation is just going from bad to worse.Really , when will companies realize that draconian copy protection schemes just keep people from being able to enjoy your game who bought it , and keep people who have n't bought your game from buying it .
 There I was , all excited to play this game after waiting years , then suddenly after installing this game , my pc has been diagnosed with cancer . It 's terminally ill now . I ca n't remove the cancer that this game infected it with because the fine print says I legally have to let it kill my machine . It 's really sad . I ca n't play this game , and now I ca n't use my computer for much longer before it dies . I wish I had never picked up the filthy habit of purchasing games with DRM on them . If I had only read the warning on the side of the box and believed it . I used to think it would never happen to me , I would never be the person suffering from DRM cancer . Now here I am with computer expenses coming at me left and right as I try to keep my machine alive and running , but why ? Why do I do this . I guess it 's time I let it die and just go out and buy some other game that does n't have DRM cancer on it .
 Well , I wrote the annoyed review about the DRM below , and wish I 'd returned it ... all told , this game was seemed like mostly hype , without much no substance.The first couple of modes -LRB- cell and creature -RRB- were interesting but did n't seem to have a lot of depth , and I played through them . Got to tribe mode , and basically was left confused with no idea what to do - gameplay was completely different -LRB- RTS-like , but without working like any RTS I 've ever played -RRB- and after trying a couple of times and getting nowhere , I gave up . -- I 've been looking forward to this game for a couple of years , and I broke my usual rule about `` do n't pre-order PC games '' to get this . Unfortunately , the DRM qualms are very valid and sound like they risk turning the game into an expensive joke . I think I 'll be returning this one unopened instead , and wait for the console version ... at least there , it 's no problem to bring your disk to a friend 's place , or sell the used copy when you 're bored with it.Boo to EA , you 'd think they 'd have learned their lesson with the reaction to prior over-DRM ` ed games .
 Based on the hype this game has received in the media , I thought I would give this game a chance and came here to Amazon to purchase . Fortunately , after reading the reviews here I will NOT be purchasing the game . Any game that imposes such draconian DRM will never be installed on my system . I do not appreciate being treated like a thief .
 I got this as a gift from some well-meaning friends , but there 's no way I 'm putting anything with Sony DRM anywhere near my system . If I want spyware on my system , I 'll let my nieces play on it . And that 's NOT gon na happen ! My copy is going to stay inside its shrinkwrap until doomsday , I guess .
 Game was just very disappointing . Definitely did not live up to any of the promises or videos prior to release . Honestly only worth a rental since once through is all I can imagine anyone wanting to play it ; zero replayability .
 Supporting this game is like supporting the idea that EA thinks you 're stupid . I have heard that Will Wright and EA said they did not want a `` 97 '' rated quality game like half life but a `` 90 '' rated game like `` the sims '' . So basically they assume you want dumbed down content . They 're saying you 're stupid .
 After hearing about reviews being removed about this product and learning more about it while searching online for a way to back-up my game save , I feel that I need to post as well.I was very excited to play this game when I first got it , I really enjoyed the creativity . I have found two major flaws which have made it difficult for me to enjoy the game any further .1 . There appears to be NO way to go back to an old save , or to duplicate a save of one of your games . This means that once I go past the creature stage , for example , you CAN NOT go back and play that stage again on that same planet . I enjoy being able to fly around and hunt with the creature I spent time creating , and want to be able to replay those sections .2 . I have found out that as a paying customer I am only allowed to install this game 3 TIMES . That means I used one to install and play it . It means if I get a new computer I must install it again - then I have used two . If for some reason I need to install it a third time for a new computer , hard drive crash , or whatever , my installs are used up . After that I ca n't use the game anymore . I PAID for this game , I expect to be able to play it in the future if I choose to.The Digital Rights Management on this software was not clearly explained in the manual , on the box , or during installation . NOWHERE do I recall seeing this 3 install limit , I had to learn about it online . I would not have paid $ 50 for this game if I had known this.Until today I recommended this game to friends . Not anymore.Don ' t buy Spore until these issues are resolved .
 With over 2,000 1 star reviews of the time of this writing , it 's not too hard to see why hardcore and even casual gamers are rallying against EA and other producers to stop DRM . Rather than punish the average user for legally buying the game , EA needs to study why people pirate games as opposed to encouraging more to pirate.The game as a whole is mediocre at best since the game play is so dumbed down that it 's no longer fun .
 I came here to buy Spore.Then I read more about the restrictions ... I am not installing anything on my computer that sinks it 's teeth into itand does n't let you remove it completely.I install a game , use it for a few months , then uninstall it.I reinstall when my interests recycle . For EA to tell me I ca n'tdo this - well that is absurd.Bottom line is that this form of DRM is unacceptable.EA has the right to protect their software in any fashion they choose , and they do.I have the right to keep my money in my pocket , and I will.Robert
 The DRM makes this game unusable . Why do they cripple a perfectly good game like this ?
 Well , I was really looking forward to this . I will not buy -LRB- or Rent as it seems -RRB- a Game with such aggressive DRM.Disapointed .
 I was just getting ready to purchase the much anticipated new game Spore when I decided to read the reviews on Amazon . Glad I did . After learning about the DRM 3 install limit , I decided not to purchase this game . Shame on EA .
 This nonsense has got to stop . I have anticipated the release of this game for some time . In the months coming up to launch , I had a feeling EA would go with Securom again after the Mass Effect fiasco . Seems my fears were n't unfounded , because Securom is on the disc . This means I will be passing on this game . I can not support a product with Securom on it . There are other ways to secure your product without inconveniencing your customers and treating them like criminals.Just look at Stardock for a successful example.I will never , ever purchase a product with Securom or any other draconian DRM framework included . At some point , consumers need to take a stand against this type of unwarranted intrusion , and the only way to do that is to refrain from purchasing the product.Don ' t buy this game.Down with Securom.Down with draconian DRM .
 I was really excited to get my hands on spore , but as soon as I had to deal with their ridiculous DRM I not only felt a little betrayed , but wished I had n't even bothered.Definitely not worth your time .
 DRM is a terrible method of copyright protection ; Will Wright and publishers have gone way too far . I will not rent my games !
 No DRM . No rootkits .
 EA recently announced that DRM was n't an issue to more than 0.2 % of it 's customers . Listen , those who pirate this game are downloading it through bit-torrent . Those of us who would purchase the game deserve fair use ! Heavy DRM with consumer hostile enforcement is not the answer . EA needs to support its paying customers , treating them with fair use , and we 'll in turn support EA in sales . Until the DRM is fair , I 'll keep my score at a 1 Star reflecting how desperately EA needs to remove DRM from this would-be fun game .
 Awful end product . The game itself allows for quite a bit of customization , but in a very limited way . The creature creator and first two stages are great , but from that point on the customization grows very dull . Incredible programming and great concept , but poorly pulled off . The gameplay is very shallow -LRB- basic , 2 dimensional -RRB- and quickly grows boring . I could n't even play through the entire game once before sticking it on a shelf and forgetting it existed , I doubt I 'll ever play it again either . My disappointment may be due to the large amount of hype before it 's release , but the game truly did seem very dull .
 Spore was suppose to be the most anticipated game in 5 year . Look what happened ! Thanks to DRM and the fact that we all expected more that what was humanly possible , I spent several weeks waiting for nothing . Why !?!?!?!
 If EA expects me to pay $ 50 for a game riddled with DRM . I would say that EA has lost a customer , but they had lost me a long time ago .
 I wish I could give this game a higher rating but the DRM stinks and I do n't feel I should have to have my privacy invaded . How do I know what info is sent out ? I didnt know about the DRM before I brought the game or else I wouldnt have bothered to buy it . If this DRM stuff continues I am just going to quit playing PC games.The game play itself is also a let down . After almost 2 years of waiting I feel more work could have been put into the game .
 To keep this short and sweet : Spore boils down to a cool idea that was poorly executed . The creature creator is pretty fun , and one can spend a fair amount of time on it . However , the overall gameplay feels shallow and repetitive -- the space exploration part of the game feels particularly lacking in this regard.Also , I absolutely despise SecuROM and all other invasive/draconian copy protection schemes . I was * not * happy to realize it had been installed on my computer -LRB- did n't find out about that until after the fact -RRB- . If I 'd known the game included SecuROM , I never would 've purchased it in the first place.The game experience itself is marginally okay , but the SecuROM issue really drags it down for me . Spore is n't terrible , but it 's definitely not all it could 've been . Yet another tragic case of where the game developer 's reach exceeded their grasp .
 So I was going to buy this game ... but apparently we are all crooks.No one wants to buy something and feel like you have stolen it.Customer is always right . That is a rule I have always heard in retail.Apparently in the video game world of retail ... that does n't matter .
 I was excited when I first heard about Spore , Will Wright 's next creation . This was the game I just could not wait for . However , it now seems like a waste of my money.The limit on how many times I can install the game is ridiculous . If I purchase a game , I believe I have a right to play it for as long as I can find a computer that can play it.For example , I still have my old version of Simcity 2000 for DOS and I still play it sometimes in an emulator . How many machines has has it been on ? Definitely more than 3 ! In fact , my Simcity 4 is on it 's third install
 DRM is unacceptable on this game , I have more than 3 computers . Why pay for this lackluster game if you 're going to be treated like a criminal from square 1 . Pirate Bay has a copy for FREE where you can play no matter when or where , computers die , formats are necessary ... 3 installs ? give me a break .
 You are n't buying a game . You 're buying a license . One that they can pretty much revoke at any time for any reason . I have games that are 14 + years old that I still play fairly often . Unless someone hacks it , this game wo n't be playable in 12 years . I 'd be surprised if they keep the registration servers running for 5 even . You _ must _ register it online -LRB- so without an internet connection the game wo n't run at all -RRB- , and you can only register it three times . If your computer crashes , if you get a new computer , if you simply get bored with it and uninstall - there goes a registration . So , because you just have bad luck with computers or do n't have enough hard drive space to have just sitting there , EA assumes you 're trying to ` steal ' their game.I was thinking about checking this game out , because it seems like an interesting concept . But from what I hear , it 's not that great anyways , and there 's no way I 'm giving my money to a company that assumes I 'm a thief .
 Great game really , but once you pay for the game do you truly own it?The answer is no . If you format your comp every few months like i do , the game will stop working after a couple re-installs .
 Just to get this out of the way , I bought and played Spore.If Spore is a metaphor for evolution then evolution must seem extremely depressing to Will Wright , since none of the choices you make in the game ever matter . You can make a creature without hands , but it wo n't have a problem picking things up . You can make a vehicle without wheels or any other methods of propulsion , and it will move just fine . None of the choices you 've made in a single stage will affect anything in the next stage.There are several stages to the game
 I 've been looking forward to this since the first GDC video , but I 'm afraid that the DRM is a show stopper for me.I do n't have a problem with some online activation , but not if it creates any form of impediment for me . That includes limited install numbers -LRB- even if un-installing incremented the number , I ca n't be certain I 'll remember to do that -RRB- . I want to play it , and then my wife will want to play it , and I plan to reinstall my PC in the next month or so . There 's my 3 installs right there.I 'm not calling EA to beg to play a game I paid for . It takes me less than 3 fingers to tell you what I think of that .
 As somone who has bought the game -LRB- legally -RRB- , played it and loved it , I can now say that I will never buy another EA/Maxis game again . It was all fine and well until my hubby decided he wanted to open a profile too . Then we realized we CA N'T . Well , we can if we want to spit out $ 50 more dollars for another game . I do n't know about you guys , but in this economy , I could barely justify buying the first one . Way to kick down the little guy . The game as a whole is pretty cool . But the ethics of the company suck . Apparently , there is no such thing as a valued customer anymore .
 Well DRM is an issue . But the games playability is a lot more important . I HAVE the game . I did n't have any DRM issues -LRB- yet -RRB- . I have played the game for about 30 hours this week . And i agree with most of the other reviews . Its fun at first but gets boring very fast.Is it a fun game ? Sometimes but mostly boring after a while.Could the DRM become a problem in the future ? Maybe.Would I buy the game today after playing it ? Nope
 This was going to go under the Christmas tree but since it allows only single users I would have to buy 3 . I also trade out the family pc about once a year so with all of the issues this sounds like too much of a problem . No Spore for the kids @ Christmas .
 $ 50 is a lot to only get to rent a video game ... And I really wanted to buy this !
 I heard about Spore a couple of years ago and at the time , I checked it out and was impressed - then forgot about it.Two weeks ago a work mate mentioned it again and I knew in my mind that I wanted this game , but I did n't know anything about the draconian restrictions EA had placed on it.Like nearly everyone else who bought this game , I am incensed that it has an install limit of 3 times before you have to contact EA and ask for their permission to install it again . Huh ? But I own the thing already!Worse than this ridiculous measure , is the fact that some software known as SecuRom -LRB- which shows up when you run Microft 's rootkit detection software after installing Spore -RRB- is installed without your knowledge . For those not in the know - a rootkit is not detectable by many security/virus scanners on the market and even when you can detect it , it 's incredibly hard to remove . Rootkits are capable of incredible damage not only to your data , but can be used to steal personal details as well.Thanks EA . I 've re-formatted my hard drive thanks to you < expletive > 's .
 Even without the DRM issue , it 's probably the most broken retail game I have ever played.Don ' t bother buying it until EA release a patch , you will be wasting your money .
 Okay , so everybody is upset about the Digital Rights Management that comes packaged with Spore . If you do n't have an internet connection -LRB- because say , you are using a laptop while camping , or your internet modem is on the fritz -RRB- you ca n't play ... even though there is nothing on the internet you actually NEED to play Spore . That 's annoying , but if you are a home user who never upgrades their machine and has a solid internet connection , you may not care so much . So let 's actually talk abut the GAME -- how does it play ? Is it fun?The idea behind Spore is exciting and compelling ... start with a microbe and evolve it into an intelligent spacefaring species . The game is basically broken into five minigames -- and that right there is a sign of trouble -- the Jack of all trades is a master of none . All four minigames have weaknesses and are pretty shallow simply because to invest too much development effort in one of the minigames means not investing it in others.In conclusion , for $ 50 you get 5 games that are probably each worth about the $ 10 you are paying for them . You would probably be better served by spending your $ 50 on ONE really good game . I sure wish I had n't bought this ... because having played it one time through , I 've gone from incredibly excited and interested by the game concept , to disappointed and bored . I have zero interest in ever playing this game again . Oblivion , Warcraft , and Civilization are all far better than Spore . Do n't waste your money.What follows are detailed reviews of the five games in Spore.Minigame # 1 - The Microbe StageIgnoring for a moment that evolution is * not * a directed process , and therefore the concept behind the game is annoying if you are a scientist , the idea is promising . But swimming around in fluid and nibbling bits of food gets tired very quick . The graphics are very pretty , but users will likely get bored with the microbial stage very quickly . As your germ wanders around it will collect `` DNA points '' that can be spent when it mates to pay for additional -LRB- or better -RRB- body parts.Minigame # 2 - The Creature StageAll microbes must evolve into land creatures . Why ? It 's a testament to the shallowness of this game . Germs become land animals . You can give your creatures wings , but they ca n't live in trees or cliff walls ... all they can do is wander around on the ground . You ca n't choose to stay in the ocean and become an intelligent underwater race . You ca n't burrow into the ground and become an intelligent underground race . You can not evolve or design plant life , or become an intelligent plant species . The implication in the game is that though evolution you can evolve whatever you want . You ca n't . All you can control is the basic shape of your creature , it 's behavior toward other creatures , and what body parts it has . And it is in the creature-creating portion of the game where most of the development time seems to have been spent.But even this too is annoyingly limited . The game wants all creatures to be vertebrates with bilateral symmetry -- want to make a giant starfish ? Too bad for you . Want a creature with two arms on one side and none on the other ? Too bad for you.One of the depressing things about this is that body parts do n't actually DO anything . All they do is change your creature 's stats . Adding a pointed spike gives the creature a `` strike '' ability , but adding two spikes does n't make any difference , nor does changing the position of the spike or even its size . There 's no reason not to throw your creature together haphazardly , because the actual arrangement of body parts has no effect on the game . Once the user realizes this , the illusion is shattered and the process of developing creatures becomes boring.Many of the body parts are completely cosmetic and do nothing at all . Give your creature eyes on the back of it 's head and it gets no advantage whatsoever . There are dozens of different `` arms '' and `` legs '' available , and they are all hard to distinguish from each other , and universally all do the same thing . Add a particular leg to your creature and now it has a leg . Choose a different leg and the creature 's stats are unchanged . So why bother having different legs then ? And why do all the arms and legs essentially look the same ? There are no hairy legs , legs with more joints , pseudopods , wrinkly legs , insectoid legs , etc.Creatures have 4 basic social behaviors -- singing , posing , dancing , and charming , and 4 antisocial behaviors -- biting , striking , charging , and spitting . You can pretty much think of your creature as a tally sheet with a score for each of these behaviors . A creature with `` sing 4 '' is really good at singing . The animations for the behaviors are very pretty , but to initiate them is a little clunky and extremely repetitive . Making friends or killing enemies gets tired fast . And unsurprisingly , the game rapidly progresses through the creature stage and tries to push you into the tribal stage.Minigame # 3 - The Tribal StageGather food , try to make friends -LRB- or destroy -RRB- neighboring tribes . That about sums this stage up . It will remind you of the original warcraft games where your drones gather resources to make buildings , but it is n't as involved . It will remind you of civilization where you can sort-of acquire new technologies and interact with outher cultures , but it is n't as involved . Fact is there are already good games that do both of these things better , and since this game tries to cram in both of them , it does neither well . This stage is shallow but blissfully short . One thing that might annoy you is that all the time you spent developing your creature 's physical traits pretty much become irrelevant at this stage of the game -LRB- and in every stage after -RRB- . One other annoying thing is that the mouse movements to control the camera change at this stage and this will cause you to continually tell your tribe to do things when you were just trying to pan the camera.Minigame # 4 - The Civilization StageNow instead of fighting -LRB- or befriending -RRB- tribes of different creatures , you are fighting or befriending nations of creatures like yourself . The animations are stunning , but again the tactics are pretty shallow . There is no deep strategy to be found here , no clever interplay of various social forces . And this stage of the game too will end fairly quickly.Minigame # 5 - The Space StageSo you finally made it . The grand conclusion of the game ... and it is n't fun at all . At this point you should be controlling worlds and commanding fleets of ships , and instead you are basically an errand boy . You get one ship to fly around in and fly around you will . All that creature development is just a distant memory now ... your beautiful creation is just a face on a communicator screen . You will receive missions that basically boil down into two types
 This game is fun , but not as fun and compelling as it could have been .1 - The creature stage is good , sometimes walking on a planet you will be amazed by the landscape and effects .2 - In the tribal and civ , you will lose the connection with your creatures and they will be only icons in a VERY SIMPLE sketch of a RTS and Civ .3 - The space phase is addictive but the sheer dumbness of extremely repetitive eco-disasters and attacks is annoying .4 - Evolution is purely cosmetic . You can play as a high complex Dragon or as a purple blob and it will be the same game , just a bit harder .5 - Will wright says he aimed at casual gamers . Seems more he aimed at no one . Most stages are n't addictive enough -LRB- except the space -RRB- to the Bejeweled crowd and they are n't good enough to attract more experienced gamers , the `` Hardcores '' . So while the game is fun , it is a game you wo n't believe someone spent six years working on . Most of it is absurdly simple.I bought the Galactic Edition , and that was a waste of money . A quick , boring making-of DVD , a NatGeo program everyone else saw on TV and a poor made artbook . I 'll not even talk about the scam that is the DRM . I hope someone sues EA for that .
 Spore kinda totally disappoints , and i do n't mean the DRM . I 'll leave that completely aside.There is no `` evolution '' in this game . Not one tiny bit . Spore is a combination of five minigames , without any deeper gameplay , but hold together via a nice Creature - / Vehicle - / Building-Editor . And while the Space Stage is your big sandbox endgame , itself maybe disappoints the most . It is a extremely watered down , ultralight , lowcarb version of 4X Space games like Galactic Civilization . With the addition of some planetary editing , sims style.The fact that you have only one spaceship , and need to be present at any planet where you want to even look up something , is the worst idea ever brought up by a game developer . Add to that , that you constantly have pirate raids and bio-ecological disasters , you actually have no time to explore and/or sandbox/edit your planets . While you 're on a planet doing your mission , two new warnings pop up.It ends with you scrolling your mousewheel in and out of stars/planets , flying your spaceship with extremely crappy controls -LRB- and especially aiming -RRB- , and constantly fighting off pirates and eco disasters . No depth involved anywhere.At least some kind of overview would have helped to manage your space empire , which can get incredibly large over time . Giving you more then one spaceship that can be controlled separately , and stopping/slowing down the time progress while on a planet/mission would have helped a lot.And no , all that is not because of it being casual-friendly . And i am not `` teh hardc0rez '' . If you bought the Creature Editor , you already got the fun part , the rest is just a fraud to get the other 50 bucks outta your pocket.And that is the result of a seven year development ? I 'm sorry , but you failed , Mr. Wright.Reading all the hype and previews , i thought this will be a game about you designing a creature , and looking how they will evolve i a simulated environment . If your created species will even survive . But Spore is far , far away from that . Spore is something else . And i do n't like that.I have to admit , i played it the first few hours , and felt fun . But all that time , i kinda was waiting for the `` evolution '' thing . And after getting from phase to phase , i started to realize , that there is none.It does n't even matter how you design your creature . You can give it 10 legs and one arm behind the head , without ears and a nose , and in spite of all that it will still reach space stage.Too bad . As a Sim City enthusiast , i really had hopes in Will Wrigth 's new game . I really looked forward for something -LRB- r -RRB- evolutionary . But what came out , is some kind of a kids game . Some playdoh creature editor thing , with some browsergame-like quality minigames around it .
 Looks like EA expects everyone to spend full price on the ability to effectively rent the game . Any PC gamer is constantly updating their system and using multiple logins for family members to protect against viruses and spyware . Now EA wants to punish their consumers and force them to install the virus which is called DRM . It 's a shame innovation in the gaming industry is crippled with such poor business decisions .
 I was among the many who were excited about this game . Now I 'm among the many who will never purchase it as long as this ridiculous , customer-incriminating DRM is included with the game.EA apparently wants us to turn to BitTorrent piracy so we can play for free , without being treated like criminals for purchasing the game . So that 's what I 'll do . Thanks for the free game , EA !
 Guess what happens if you try to install this game more than 3 times ? You ca n't ! That 's right if you get a new hardrive , new computer , or anything like that you 're out of luck !
 First let me start with the positive.Pos :1 . The game is pretty -LRB- especially early on in the game -RRB- , and based on a great idea.Neg :1 . DRM , dont really need to say more on that2 . Basically a bunch of mini games based on really popular genres.None of the mini-games come close to any real games from the genres3 . Although you can make your characters look different , you can easilymaximize every ability there is . The only way you can make your character `` evolve '' differently is by making him weaker .4 . Your earlier actions in general dont have that much say what happens in the future . You in general get fit in 1 of 3 categories for each stage of the game .5 . If you play a pacifist nation in the tribal stage , you evolve into a `` religious '' civilization -LRB- 1 of 3 possilibilities -RRB- , I find this personally very insulting .
 After all this anticipation , EA has singlehandedly dropped my interest in this game to nothing . Why would I pay that much money for a game rental ? No way !
 The game itself is an interesting mix of casual action and `` develop-your-creature '' in the early stages turning into a light-weight rts as the game progresses . What makes it greater than the sum of it 's parts is the sense of persistence . Your late-game , star-faring race can be traced all the way back to it 's single-cell original creature and the choices you make all affect the final outcome . In addition the graphics and design are flawless and incredibly flexible , allowing millions of different creatures , flora , buildings and vehicles that make a seamless whole . A brilliant example of mixing of different genres and production value.Too bad the DRM turns it all to mud when after having used your 3 activations you must wait weeks for EA support to * maybe * let you play your game again . I would recommend using you money on a game without this critical limitation .
 I 'm disappointed that at game in development for ten years wo n't run on my one year old laptop . The graphics seem cartoonish enough to be viewable on less than cutting edge graphics cards . I 'd like to play it , but I 'm not about to replace computers than can play all my other games -LRB- like WoW and AoC -RRB- in order to run Spore . I ca n't stand EA 's DRM . Maybe if they patch it out , I 'd try it ...
 Much like everyone else has already stated in these reviews , as long as EA keeps the awful DRM , I will not be buying this game . It really is a shame , I was looking forward to buying this game when it came out . Hopefully , EA will realize that treating their customer 's as thieves will hurt the sales of this game .
 Do not purchase this game as an act of protest against draconian DRM . When I buy a game , I expect to be able to play with it on as many PCs as I 'd like . I understand why you may wish to limit the number of concurrent users to 1 but to prevent me from installing it on my home computers and my laptop or by limiting my ability to install the game in the future is simply unacceptable .
 I made the mistake of purchasing this game without researching the DRM . I am very disappointed . There are plenty of games to play . Buy one that wo n't create extra hassle for you and treat you like a common software pirate .
 If you go over your limit of 3 installs , you will probably spend more time on the phone with EA than you will actually playing the game . Why do they still insist on punishing legitimate , paying customers?The last game I purchased was Sins of a Solar Empire because it was DRM Free ! Support the publishers who sell games for gamers !
 I 've been waiting for this game for a long time , When it came out I could not run it due to the DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -RRB- . I had to re-image my machine and by that point it was my third and finial install . So If my computer crashes and want to play it again , I 'll have to by it again . Thanks EA , Take a game with great creativity , easily playable and all around . The game is the brain child of Will Wright a incredible games designer who made a incredible game , to bad EA wrapped the game in a DRM package.Too bad
 This is one of the worse games I 've ever played . Essentially you 're cast in the role of God and -LRB- intelligently -RRB- design the lifeforms on your planet . Watch them grow and praise your Word , eventually leading them to bad bad video games about it .
 First and foremost : After a few installs this game will INTENTIONALLY stop working , forcing you to buy another . Apparently you can call EA to get the game to install one more time , but they 're not required to approve your request and did not approve mine.Do not support games with DRM . The `` protection against piracy '' bit is a ruse so they can rip you off . No different than how `` protection against terrorists '' is used to spy on citizens.Second : This game is great in theory but the game itself is absolutely awful and a massive disappointment . I was expecting The Sims with highly customizable creatures . Instead , Spore is more like a collection of mini games where the creatures are analogous to Miis from a Wii game.I got to the space level but maybe if you play for awhile new things open up . I would n't know though because I ca n't play it anymore.If you insist on buying this game despite the unacceptable -LRB- and borderline criminal -RRB- DRM , buy the Creature Creator because the rest of the game is n't worth the disk it 's stamped on .
 Its simple
 Like many others here , Spore is a title of interest to me but I will not spend good money on a game that infects my system with SecuROM or any other DRM technology.While customers paying for this game legally have to deal with SecuROM and installation limits those pirating the game do n't have any such concerns and a simple Google search shows that there are thousands upon thousands currently pirating the game.Paying customers get the raw deal .
 I never write a review without extensive first hand knowledge and use of a product but I 'm making a special exemption for Spore . This game went from one of the titles I anticipated most on PC to a title that I 'm avoiding altogether . Why ? Digital Rights Management aka DRM . Specifically the type of DRM that Electronic Arts has decided to include with this game.The DRM known as SecuROM will only punish actual customers by enforcing a totalitarian online verification . Why ? Because this so called anti-piracy DRM was already ` cracked ' days before the game even hit store shelves . Proof positive that enforcing this type of rigid DRM only affects legitimate customers.In addition to verifying your copy of the game every time you take it online you 'll also be limited to 3 installs . That 's 3 installations over the entire life of the game . Anything over that and you 'll be on the phone calling EA begging for a new code . Thanks but no thanks .
 Not much of a review , I 'm afraid . I only got as far as finding out what kind of copy protection EA or it 's vendors employed on it before realizing I would n't touch this one with someone else 's ten foot pole.SecurRom . If you do n't know what it is , Google it . Or maybe you remember the SONY root kit controversy . Totally nasty stuff.There is no way I would ever purchase a game from a company that plants unremoveable code on my computer that is little more than a Trojan that allows either EA or its vendors to invade my privacy on a whim.Nor do I feel like having to reactivate the game every time I make a hardware change , especially since they only allow three such activations and then you have to call them and beg for a new activation by convincing them that you 're not some lying thief out to screw them out of fifty bucks.EA has struck again . One of these days they 'll have their little niche in history as the -LRB- supposed -RRB- gaming company that destroyed more game franchises and genres than the rest of the industry put together.EA does n't need my business but I do n't need their games either . Guess that makes us even .
 I have refused shipment on the spore game that arrived today , for two reasons .1 . I paid $ 10 to use the creature creator , which died on me . I tried very very hard to fix it , but it did not work . I did the patch for the ea downloader , I did everything.Some may think my system was n't up to par ... not so . I have a brand new Alienware desktop , that I paid over $ 2k for . It screams past the system requirements for the game.I posted my problem on the forums ... nobody was able to fix the problem . This caused me to question the competency of EA , and I was hesitant about getting the full game ... if they ca n't get the creature creator to work correctly , how will the full game be ? 2 . The DRM . What more can I say ? I preordered this many many months in advance . I had been excited about this game ever since it was talked about in 2005 . I HAD NO IDEA THAT THERE WOULD BE A DRM . I wo n't put up with it.Tell you what ... fix the game to play like normal , with NO DRM , and I will buy it again .
 Well , you 've all convinced me . It 's a real shame . I was looking forward to this one . Who does n't love SimCity and the Sims ? But to bundle it with a virus-like DRM suite ... ouch . Feels like I 'm persecuted for doing nothing wrong . I 'd rather wait and see if this little Amazon revolution helps convince the distributors that DRM 's not the answer . I honestly was * THIS CLOSE * to buying this from the EA online store Sunday night ... Glad I have n't yet . The problem is , your average joe consumer probably does n't know what DRM is until it screws up their computer , so this game , thanks to its gratuitous marketing , will make a mint . And EA will congratulate themselves that SecuROM was worth adding .
 I have been eagerly awaiting this game since it was first mooted but now I find that I am limited to three activations under the draconian DRM that EA has seen fit to include with the game . I was hoping that I would be able to play this game for many years to come but with only three activations I am effectively renting it . I do n't rent games .
 I logged on Amazon with the intent to buy Spore . I always read reviews before my final decision . My main concern is bugs . Too many software titles are released before they are finished . If they need a years worth of patches , I will just wait until they drop in price and have their problems solved . In the case of DRM , i will not buy the game . So wave good bye to my $ 50 EA .
 DRM is a useless annoyance for legitimate users of games . To be frank , it 's like gun control . All gun control does is make it harder for people who want to buy and register guns legally . A criminal will buy a gun on the street from another criminal , completely bypassing the legal routes . DRM is same exact way . I do n't pirate software , but I refuse to buy a game that installs spyware and other trojan-like software on my computer . Additionally , limiting the amount of times a game can be installed is stupid . Does anyone really think this will prevent piracy ? The game was released yesterday . I guarantee that in less than a week , there will be a cracked version of the game on the net that people will be playing . I 'm not buying this game until EA recognizes this and removes their DRM scheme . And it really , really bites because I 've been a Maxis fan since the first Sim City , and I 've really been looking forward to this game .
 I was going to buy this game but because of all the bad reviews about DRM I am definitely not going to buy it . I 'd rather buy a game that I can install on my computer as many times as I want over the years without running into DRM problems .
 I bought -LRB- pre-ordered -RRB- Spore before I found out about the DRM scheme that EA was using . Thanks to the reviews on Amazon I could return it before I had to open it . It was worth paying the return shipping to get rid of the thing . I 'm not paying then 50 bucks to rent their game for 3 installs . I wanted to thank everyone who got the word out about the DRM so that people like me could be warned .
 The DRM is bad because it violates your right to resell something that you purchase.It is ENTIRELY different than the DRM for a console game because i can turn around and sell my copy of HALO and someone else can play it without any hassle . The DRM on a console game prevents you from making an illegal copy of the disk itself . That is not the case with Spore . It prevents you from installing a legal copy more than 3 times.Also , those who suggest that you buy the game and then crack it so that they can install it multiple times are naive as well . First of all , the DMCA makes circumventing copy protection illegal in the US . Second of all , you 're suggesting that people download a crack from an unknown entity on the internet that could be opening them up to a virus or other security issue .
 Thank you EA for continuing to screw your customers . After purchasing what may be the most bug riddled mess in gaming history from you - BF2142 - I hate you.I hope this is a financial disaster for you EA . You deserve to be hammered for your history of customer hating policies.Schadenfreude never felt so good ...
 DRM.If it was n't bad enough paying for replicated intangible data , now with DRM you get to spend your little `` Pleb '' -LRB- Bertrand Russel reference -RRB- dollars on something you wo n't even own anymore.At $ 50 , this would be the most expensive rental of my life ... that is , if I were to dumb enough to actually pay to have my computer performance downgraded , which , thankfully I 'm not.Too bad.I was looking forward to this game.Oh , well , maybe if they up the fluoride in the water system then after a few more years I 'll be dumbed down enough to purchase this game .
 Since this game has SecuRom I will not buy . EA really blew it this time .
 I really wanted to buy this since the concept looked totally awesome ... until it was announced to have SecuROM . SecuROM is a draconian DRM that limits you to 3 installs . What this means is you pay $ 50 to rent the damn game . It does n't even prevent piracy either . The game was cracked and pirated almost an entire week before its release.I 'd love to buy this , but I refuse to pay $ 50 for a rental .
 The DRM for this game is ridiculous . Do not even waste your time or your money !
 The excitement over Spore 's revolutionary gameplay may have been worth it -- for EA employees with a fasttrack through the DRM nightmare . The Securom DRM software/hardware used on the game can damage your computer , cause other programs to fail , and is only successful in preventing legitimate users from installing the game multiple times on their own machines -- a dedicated piracy attempt can still break through it.Preventing users from playing the game they paid for , while still allowing piracy . Please do n't support EA games until they fix this pattern .
 As someone interested in games development and an owner of a complete set of Maxis products -LRB- I even kept the boxes -RRB- , I was prepared to like Spore alot . Some of the parts of the game that I get to play from time to timeare amazing -LRB- I love the cut-scenes using the changing characteristics of my unique characters/tribesmen -RRB- However , the enjoyment of the early levels of the game is completely offset by the boring money management of the space exploration phase , the incompatibility of the game with my computer and OS , and the pain of the three strikes and you are out DRM . After several days of attempting to fix several of my XP machines to not crash on 3 of 4 Spore startups , I have decided that Maxis and EA can do without my gaming dollars from now on .
 Despite my reservations about the DRM and online authentication , I attempted to give this game a fair shot . For the two days I was able to actually play it , I was woefully unimpressed . Then , my account was deactivated for not being validated , despite me having gone through the validation procedures . After going back and for with EA customer service all week to no avail , I returned my copy and picked up Sins of a Solar Empire instead .
 First off , I have spent a few days with Spore , and the general gameplay is passable . Not great . Not living up to the hype of the past couple years , but passable . The evolution mechanics have obviously been thoroughly dumbed down , but the impressive graphics are still there . Despite most of the depth being removed , it 's still acceptable for a -LRB- VERY -RRB- casual gaming experience.However , when EA stuck with their ridiculous DRM scheme , as far as I am concerned the game became complete rubbish . I wasted my $ 50 on Mass Effect , and ended up downloading a pirated version just to get around having to deal with the DRM . How backwards is that ? I paid for a game , but I am forced to play a pirated version ? The paying customer 's are being punished . Now , I do not advocate piracy , and while I am confident that I am legally in the clear , since I own the game , what motivation should I have to buy another game with this DRM ? It is , quite literally , easier to deal with getting a pirated version to work than suffer this SecuROM foolishness.After spending some time with Spore , I will not be purchasing it , nor will I ever purchase another game that uses this antiquated DRM .
 DRM sucks , only 3 installs
 I 've been looking forward to Spore for years , I would purchase it regardless of the mediocre reviews except for that fact that I wo n't touch anything with DRM . There 's plenty of other games to buy and I will vote with my dollars . I pay to buy games , not rent them .
 Do n't buy this game !!! EA has gone to far with DRM and users need to show them they have done wrong .
 Forget about the DRM brouhaha , this game just simply is n't that fun to play . The beginning stages are extremely shallow , and the space stage swamps you with silly busy work -LRB- you go from the leader of a mighty nation in the civilization stage to some sort of inter-galactic errand boy -RRB- . Instead of doing cool things like exploration or conquest , you are forced to prevent biodisasters and respond to pirate attacks every other minute . It gets old , fast . Not to mention terraforming a planet takes a master 's degree in zoology and turning your ship into Noah 's Ark.The game also has a number of glitches
 I heard that Amazon took down the reviews warning people about the unreasonably restrictive DRM on this game and did not believe it . Well , seeing is believing . I can no longer trust Amazon to have an impartial rating of products so will I will definitely not be using their rating in future purchase decisions . There have been thousands of negative reviews of this product and by taking down the reviews Amazon is confirming that their only interest is in your money .
 Shamus Young has it right , you do n't defend yourself against your customer , you serve them . I can only pray that Bioware never associates itself with EA again . I buy games and replay them for years . But with this DRM I can only install it three times ... EVER !!! If Battlefield Three is like this , I think they can kiss my business goodbye .
 The person who I feel worst for is poor Will Wright . He slaved over this potential masterpiece - even so far as to get Sid Mier involved!But the whole game is ruined by over-simplified gameplay - even for casual players . Way too easy even on `` Hard '' setting - and can actually feel overwhelming at times - which is a feat for such an easy game.The ignored the power-user -LRB- which is a MISTAKE for a PC-only game -RRB- - you ca n't even tune the AA.And not to mention that EA has stuck it 's hand in the game - putting a DRM onto the software - which ONLY LETS YOU INSTALL THIS THREE TIMES , no exceptions.I say we all call EA 's DRM restore number and give them flak . This is ridiculous.Poor Will Wright .
 I enjoyed the cell , land animal , and space sections of the game , but the tribal and civilization phases are terrible . This could have been a modern Sim Earth but they decided to dumb it down for the masses.The DRM that comes with this game is absolutely unacceptable . Spend your money elsewhere .
 I came to Amazon to purchase this -LRB- as it 's usually where I buy my games these days -RRB- and discovered the comments here talking about the digital rights management technology that prevents a user from installing more than three times.This is rather repulsive . I ca n't count how many times I 've had to reinstall my system over the many years or changed systems.I have no desire to install Spore on multiple machines at the same time -- just one machine -LRB- the one I 'm using ! -RRB- . Amazon needs to add a warning label to this product . If I would have purchased this without knowing about this rather inane limitation I would have been one very unhappy customer.Amazon needs to let the publisher know just how many lost sales they have because of this . I will not buy this product until the publisher addresses this issue.From what I 've been told by others , this is a fun product , and from my time with the creator creator , I have to imagine that is true . Please Maxis , give your customers a product they actually want to buy ! Do n't treat us like criminals .
 I went to Amazon to purchase this , my first PC game in long time and I saw the reviews . * sigh * DRM is the downfall of legitimate digital purchasing . I refuse to buy ANY product that expires after any number of multiple installs . But three ? 3 flipping installs ... ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?! Let me put it this way . Would you have bought Super Mario Bros. 3 if it stopped working after you had played it on 3 different Nintendo consoles ? H -- no you would n't have!GAMES RESTRICTED BY DRM CAN NOT BECOME CLASSICS ! CAN YOU HEAR ME EA ? CAN YOU ??? I 'll go ahead and pass this one up -LRB- my money will be better spent on Starcraft 2 - if it ever comes out -RRB- . In the meantime , I 'll play Super Mario Bros. 3 in my 5th NES . Funny thing , classic consoles wear out before the games do .
 Creator Mr. Wright had a great original idea with this game , but due to several factors , the end result veered far from his idea.First of all , the game has been overly cartoonified and dumbed down to tailor to preteen gamers and people who would n't normally play games , something that Maxis did with Sims . The result may introduce more people to the world of gaming , -LRB- for whatever that 's worth along the lines of real-world productivity -RRB- , but yielded in a lesser quality title . Potentially a better solution would have been to introduce several different flavors of the title , each running on the same engines ; cartoonified pre-teen/family friendly version , and a more realistic 13 + version.Another issue with this title is the OS support . They created the game on OpenGL technology , so the graphics engine is natively executable on any current platform . The compiled binaries are only provided for win32 machines however , this is even evident with the Mac version ; it is merely a win32 version of the game running ontop of Transgaming , the same engine running Cedaga , CrossOffice , and Wine . Would n't it be more beneficial for the company , and provide the user with better performance , if EA developers just compiled binaries for different platforms instead of just win32 and letting other people handle the rest that they do n't want to bother with.The final issue with this product , as with many other people 's issue , is with EA 's decision to implement rigid and utterly pointless DRM restrictions . They decided to remove the 10-day ` phone home ' feature of the game that prevented anyone without an active internet connection from playing it for more then a week-and-a-half , -LRB- mainly due to developer pressure -RRB- . They did however leave in the ` phone home ' feature whenever you add new content , and kept the 3-install rule , preventing legal users from installing a game 3 times for any reason . This means that if you want to remove the game because you do n't play it and need the disk space , but decide at a later time to reinstall it , then you 'll only have 1 install left . Or for the people who completely reinstall win32 kernel every several months because that OS seems to get bogged down to a pathetic crawl after normal use of any given time , -LRB- time the startup from the second time you boot up a clean machine , to the 200th -RRB- ! This makes it nearly impossible for a user to legally enjoy software that he or she has paid hard-earned money for.So until EA decides to stop favoring the DRM-termed ` pirates ' by providing them with better versions of software and learns how to compile C++ / C code , -LRB- com ` on , GCC is n't that hard to figure out ! -RRB- , on Linux and Mac , my $ 50 is going to use on something more important , like fuel or food!As per a quote from some online source , -LRB- wiki it , I 'm not sure where it came from -RRB- , `` It 's a sad state of affairs when it 's easier to illegally acquire and use software then to legally use it . ''
 If you want to buy this , then be fully aware that it is a 3 install limit . I have games from 10 years ago I will still occasionally install and play . I 've probably installed some of these games upwards of 20 times over the years . I buy games to own them , not rent them a few times .
 My Wife and I each have a desktop and a laptop . After installing it on each desktop and my laptop we discovered we could n't load it on my wife 's my laptop . I 'm sorry I did n't realize I was renting a game I paid for ! EA , maybe I 'll just wait on the next few games you bring out.Maybe they are intending to sell this to the lonely guy in his basement , because it 's certainly not to the American family . And obviously the DRM is working SOOOO well . Hey Maybe TPB could come out with a Pirate Collectors Edition that 's the more featured Edition . Wish I could buy that !!
 I love games like Civilization and the sims . This is a bastardized version of both . It is insulting how little thought has gone into the complexity of the game.Also , I know this is due to the DRM , but I bought the game so I could play and when I am not on my computer my daughter could play too . She is not allowed to have her own account on my computer . So , if you have fmaily members without their own computer they are SOL.Worst purchase I ever made .
 Alright . I bought the game the day it came out . I have spent an entire week playing it , and probably have spent about 40 hours on it . And I am comfortable in saying , that even if it were n't for the DRM , this game would not be worth purchasing . I have been anticipating this game for years , and I absolutely love the Sims 2 . I believed Will Wright when he said this would be `` Sim Everything . '' It is n't . There are plenty of reviews that break down the game enough that I do n't have to , suffice it to say , the game is boring . The ending comes all too quickly , and then you are stuck terraforming planets and fighting pointless battles . The creature stage is probably the most fun , but even that feels dumbed down and pointless . For all the hype this game received , I expected so much more . But I guess their hype worked , I had the game pre-ordered for months.As for the DRM - I have n't had a problem thus far with it . I do n't have any performance problems from the game , and I 've only used one activation . However , it does n't sit well with me that I 'm only allowed two more activations for a game I OWN . I have personally bought 4 copies of the Sims 2 , not to mention every single expansion pack . The same story goes for the original sims . When I lost my activation code for The Sims 2 , I did n't pirate , I bought a new copy . But will I ever purchase an EA product again ? No . Not until they quit punishing their legitimate customers.I also took the Sims 3 off pre-order , until I know that I can actually buy it and OWN it .
 When a game takes 10 years to complete you 'd better get it right . A perfect example , cited by the creator of spore himself is half life 2 . A perfect example of what happens when too much time is spent on an over-hyped game can be found in spore.The game is unbelievably easy , to the point that there is no challenge whatsoever and the game becomes tediously monotonous . I was able to advance to the space stage in 90 minutes . That 's right , just when I was starting to enjoy the cell stage , it was over , just when I started enjoying the creature phase it was over . The tribal and civilization stages were a joke . Conquering the other tribes was easier than the intro mission in any RTS game . The civilization stage was god awful . I claimed the initial continent with 3 tanks in about 4 minutes . The other continents fell to 6 aircraft and an ICBM in the following 15 . I did n't lose a single unit and they barely fought back.The space stage has some promise , but I 'm already bored with it . The tasks to be accomplished are so pedestrian and cliche 'd that it feels like an educational game somehow.If you want to be entertained by a cell-stage like game , try the free flash offering `` fish '' . The creature stage is so linear and without purpose that it reminds me of a rushed 3d platformer . If you want a tribal-like game , get the command and conquer decade pack and you 'll be set for months . If you liked the space stage pick up Freelancer on the cheap it is so far superior that it is laughable.And another thing , why is everyone treating this game like a 1st grader in his first little league game . Just because it could have been revolutionary and it could have been one of the best games of the decade does n't mean that it ca n't suck . Stop being so damn nice about it . The game is terrible and boring , get over it .
 When this game was announced to the public it sounded revolutionary . Go from a single celled organism to a space traveling civilization all in one game . Unfortunately the final version ... well , it did n't live up to the hype at all.First off , the DRM attached to this game is insane . You 're not purchasing a game , you 're RENTING a game . You can only install it 3 times and uninstalls do not give you back an installation . So after 3 times -LRB- even if it 's the exact same machine and user -RRB- , you have to call EA , provide proof of purchase and explain why you activated it 3 times already . Then it 's up to their discretion to either give you one more activation or not . It 's a stupid system because they are treating their customers like criminals . Anyone who pirates this game is just going to download a copy without DRM which means all of us -LRB- legit users -RRB- are being punished.Secondly and lastly , this game is extremely shallow . No depth at all . You get very minimal customization abilities with your creatures , buildings and vehicles . There is no `` evolution '' as advertised -LRB- you basically add and remove things manually ; no actual gene like behaviors -RRB- . The AI is pretty stupid as well . On the tribal level on the hard settings all I did was give my people stone hammers and kept sending them to each tribe . One by one they all fell and within an hour , my creatures advanced to another level.I highly recommend against buying this game . It 's just not worth it and I would n't be surprised if they try to go the route of the Sims and begin taking on useless and expensive expansion packs .
 The problems related to Securom have stopped me from buying this game as I had planned to do when I logged onto Amazon . I had not known that Securom was going to be in Spore after reading reviews on gaming sites.I write software for a living and currently have 3 computers . I often install games and tools on all 3 machines and since I only use one at a time for the given game/tool , it is perfectly legal to do so . Now if I do this with the DRM part of Securom as soon as I upgrade , get a new computer or reinstall windows I would have to call a long distance number and hope they reset my licenses since my initial 3 licenses would be gone after day one.Second
 After playing for a couples hours I began to tell some friends how awesome the game was ... Three hour later I had to call them all back to tell them how terrible it is.The rest of the reviews here are 100 % accurate . The game has absolutely no replay value ... I 'd go as far to say the most fun part of the game is the cell stage.F for effort !
 A good game spoiled by the absurd restrictions on its use by paying customers . I would n't have bought this if I 'd known you can only install it 3 times . This is the last straw - all this DRM nonsense has gone too far . Why should I be penalised for buying a game that other people rip off ? I 've had enough of this now and this is the last crippled game I will buy .
 The restrictive license on this game is entirely unsatisfactory to me as a consumer . And the persistant SecuROM program reportedly uses controversial techniques such as certain unprintable characters in registry entires to make it difficult to detect and remove . If the game were available for sale , rather than under the proferred license , I would have considered buying this game as soon as it became available .
 But after reading some of the articles outlining exactly how intrusive the DRM can be , I 'm not touching this.Too bad .
 The madness of DRM has to stop , it took HOURS to get this thing to run , and goodness help me if I have any more issues ... what another 2 hours on hold for support because of DRM ... no thanks . Last EA game for me
 DRM is ruining media for legitimate customers . When will EA realize this ? I , along with thousands of others , will not buy this game until the DRM issue is resolved . By then I am sure there will be better games out anyway .
 What an awful , awful product . No way , no how , no Spore , no EA . Thanks for punishing people who actually give you money EA . What a joke EA is .
 If the DRM did n't exist -LRB- particularly the 3 install limit portion -RRB- , then I would probably be adding this game to my cart instead of writing this comment . It is really a shame too because it sounds like a lot of fun . I do n't mind efforts to reduce piracy , but when those efforts start impacting legit customer decisions when it comes to purchasing then you know you are doing something wrong.If I am not mistaken , most pirates expect to not be able to play their illegal copies online anyways so I really do not see how the DRM helps the situation other than give some people a false sense of it 's positive effect on their business.I guess stranger things have happened in the business world , but I just do n't get this one .
 i read about the DRM and sadly enough would probably end up reinstalling it 3 times within a year or so and have a useless piece of junk . Looked forward to this game ... guess i 'll buy something else .
 As long as this game has DRM , I will refuse to buy . I will also tell all my friends that are interested in this game not to buy , as well . DRM is both insulting and ridiculous . By attempting to maximize your profits , you 're alienating your audience and making yourselves look even worse . Yes , I 'm talking to you EA . I hope the company burns to the ground soon.Boycott EA !
 I logged on this evening to purchase Spore for my son 's 13th birthday . I was stunned at the review rating -LRB- 1 star -RRB- , and really put off by user 's descriptions of their experiences installing the game . Why risk my very new home computer 's performance ? I did n't see the 5-star upside to the hassle . I also got the impression you need to be connected to the internet while you 're playing the game ? There are other games and clothing -LRB- ! -RRB- I can get him for his birthday . And besides , I 'm not sure he 'd even pause in Lord of the Rings Online long enough to try a new game!Thank you , Amazon reviewers !
 I 've been looking forward to this game for a year and a half . Gameplay is not nearly as sophisticated as I had anticipated from early discussion . I 'll eventually learn to quit getting bitten by disappointment from EA .
 This game apparently has some kind of copy protection called `` SecureROM '' or something . It crashes my computer , so I ca n't play it . Even after uninstalling the game it left some program or drivers on my system that make my computer unstable . Pretty big hassle for a game ; I 'm trying to get a refund .
 I love this game . I could spend hours and hours facing my monitor creating and exploring . The game play is fascinating at the space level and fun prior to that.I ca n't stand the DRM and copy protection scheme though . Despite myself , I purchased a copy directly from EA because I 've been looking forward to this game very much . It 's a catch 22 . Buy the game and enjoy it and EA thinks we 're fine with the DRM , or do n't buy the game and EA blames pirates for lost profits . Either way , they wo n't see that the DRM is effecting their bottom line .
 I feel very very bad for the people who spent so much time and effort devloping this game only to have it come out as a `` rental '' basically . When you buy this game you only by it for a limited amount of times . In addition to that you get lovely additional software that comes with their protection which can very well screw up your computer . This game was highly anticipated and its a shame that it ended up being this way immediately on release . EA needs to change its way fast , and other game developers need to understand that limiting a customer to `` rules '' of a purchase of a game is NOT going to fly . You better believe it !
 This game had a lot of potential , the graphics were good and the concept was good . The implementation leaves something to be desired . It 's too monotonous inside the individual stages . I would have rathered 3 stages with more depth than more shallow ones .
 I know the DRM is a hot topic with this game , but the real issue is that it 's just not a good release.I 've read that this game was in development for years and after playing it , I just ca n't figure out what took so long . There 's just no substance to this whatsoever . The most frustrating aspect of Spore is that there is so much potential , but the gameplay feels so empty . I feel like I 'm playing a game consisting of several lesser components that were slapped together to satisfy an overall theme , but the pieces just do n't fit to create an overall compelling picture . It 's boring.I debated on purchasing Spore . The reviews scared me a bit , but I felt that the DRM controversy was skewing the reviews the wrong way . I should have gone with my initial instincts and held off on purchasing . I honestly feel this was a waste of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . After less than an hour of play , I was wondering if I could sell Spore for half of what I paid for it . After sticking with it for several more hours , I just want my invested time back.I 've tried to look at Spore from the perspective of a ` casual gamer ' , which is , based on what I 've read , who Spore will appeal to . I just do n't see that as a valid argument . The controls are clumsy , there 's no consistency between stages of the game and it 's just not fun . I do n't see how this will appeal to casual gamers * or * those who consider themselves to be more experienced gamers . If you consider yourself a casual gamer and you like Spore , I beg you to consider other gaming options . You could have gotten so much more from your $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I have been looking forward to writing a five-star review of Spore since 2006 . I have always admired Will Wright , and Spore seemed to promise the pinnacle of his creative dreams.Sadly , the heavy-handed Digital Rights Management decisions that Maxis seem to have made have ruined the experience , and entitle this release only to one star.Spore is already available on line at no charge to thieves , and they will not have to deal with the draconian DRM.We , the faithful and honest who have paid for our version are being punished . It is my intention to return this software to Amazon , and wait for a release that honors the faithful with a manageable DRM system.It 's really just too bad . What a disappointment .
 The games somewhat fun to play in spite of the fact that the gameplay is very simplistic and there is no real challenge . Unless you really enjoy the design elements you probably wo n't be playing it very long . If that is your cup of tea than you need to first look at whether you can deal with the DRM or not . The good news is there are plenty of reviews here to fill you in on it . Personally , I ca n't really recommend an average game with over the top DRM . Research before you buy .
 I installed the game on my 3GHz 4-core Mac Pro with 4 GB of RAM today - even though I expect that my machine is rooted by EA/Sony now . Unfortunately , the performance of the game is so terrible that it is unplayable . I estimate that the game gets about four frames a second on 1024x768 . The audio glitches constantly with random noise inserted . The game is so slow that I gave up playing it once reaching the creature stage . It is amazing that this game passed Q&A .
 My daughter is pressuring me to get the game but the fact that something additional gets installed on my machine is deterrent enough . Like one of the other reviewers mentioned , if every software I install did this . I dont need this sort of junk of my machine.Plus the DRM is pretty sucky . It 's like Quickbooks , which I do own , so I am aware of how sucky it can get . eg . I needed to reinstall my copy of Quickbooks 2004 cos of an OS corruption . Of course , the Quicken activation servers no longer do the 2004 version . So I am stuck with a piece of useless software , unless I pay them more $ $ $ and upgrade of course.This might not happen with EA but I 'm not taking any chances .
 I was very excited about this game . I could not wait to buy it , almost a no brainer . DRM has changed all of that . Until they change the piracy system to one that will not invade my computer this way , i am no customer of EA 's .
 I was really excited about this game , but when I found out about the copy protection limitations , I decided to skip out on it.When they clean out the copy protection , I 'll buy it , but there 's no way I 'm paying $ 50 to EA so they can treat me like a criminal.And a crack has already been released . In other words , the pirates are offering a better version for free than EA is asking money for . When will they learn ?
 The gameplay was really boring . After about 6 hours , you 've seen all you want to see . I do n't understand why this game took more years than usual and yet is worse than most other releases out there.Perfect example
 Gameplay : - Spore is kind of fun in gameplay . If you want to go fast , however , your structures and creatures look kind of dumpy.-Trying to align items and edit structures is harder than it is with creatures and it gets annoying.-Sometimes the arrow keys do n't synch up with the creatures motion which gets annoying.-I do n't like the 2-d circle indicator of distance i can travel in 3-d space . it appears a location is within distance but due to its relative height it is n't . A sphere would be much nicer.-Overall the game is quite nice and different ; it is not , however , all that it was hyped to be . The appendages you put on your creature have little effect on its performance -LRB- if you have 4 arms , you would think you could carry more than 1 tool ... but no -LSB- atleast I have yet to be able to -RSB- -RRB- . Problems : - No mac GMA950 support . Thats rather annoying . The play aspects of the game work fine but the design aspects -LRB- creature creator , etc -RRB- do n't work at all . It is wierd because you can see components and bubbles . It works on windows PC 's . I understand the problem was prob outside of EA 's control -LRB- like the mac os did n't support certain surface fill or texture calls that the windows OS does support -RRB- , but it seems like it would n't be hard to have an overloaded function or alternate call to perform the same action in a different way . - -LRB- in space -RRB- Sometimes I get notice of a message but when I click on the message icon nothing happens unless I exit the game and restart it.-The DRM software is a hassel . I have already installed the software twice on the macbook -LRB- once in osx , the other in windows xp running in parallels , neither of which worked . -RRB- I see that if i put boot camp on the machine and install windows xp there and simply boot to xp instead of running it as a virtual machine it will work , however , that will be the third install . Now if a new mac is purchased that does support the game , I will have to call EA and get permission to legally install it again . Thats crazy and annoying.Overall I would say i was satisfyed with the game , but I was expecting to be enthralled by it . I really am disappointed it is n't more entertaining than it is .
 I ca n't get this to work . I have an extremely high-end computer , and work on computers of all sorts all the time . This is not user error , this is a product that is defective by design . Thank you EA for the wonderful DRM !
 I was very excited to play this , but my dvd drive ca n't even read the disk ! After searching online , I understand that this is due to some insane DRM controls . Now what am I supposed to do with a $ 50 piece of plastic that I ca n't even return ?! Unbelievable .
 A good game , but the heavy handed digital rights managment is WAY too heavy handed . You can only install the game three times - meaning if you swap hardware two more times over the life of you playing the game , you 'll be hosed and unable to play . While the game doesnt have to call EA every ten day anymore , the SecuROM is more like malware or spyware than copy protection.And it doesnt even work - the copy protection , I mean . So you have all this hassle for a reasonably fun game and the pirates already hacked it up . Not a smart move EA .
 Paid $ 50 for the game without realizing I do n't actually own it , I 'm just renting it from EA . Had I known you can only install 3 times , I would n't have purchased it . It also has a couple of major bugs that I would n't expect to see in a polished release . On top of that , the game is not much more than a simplified clone of Warcraft I , Civilization , and Escape Velocity thrown together . If I had it to do over again , I would stay away from Spore .
 i was looking forward to this game , but since I constantly upgrade and change my PC with new parts , I usually do n't go 1 year without a clean OS install . I wo n't spend money on a game that I may not be able to play .
 Well I never got to play Spore , and it doesnt look like I will , now that I 'm seeing all this DRM , I 'm going to be returning the game right away . I dont pirate game , never have and never will , but I refuse to install a malicious DRM program onto my computer that has a high chance of doing nothing but harm , sucks up RAM , and can pretty much only be removed by wiping the HD .
 I was really interested in this game , but after reading about all of the problems with the nasty Securom DRM , I am going to give this game a miss . Too bad , it looks like it could have been a lot of fun .
 Please do n't support software companies that include DRM in their products -LRB- like this one -RRB- . It does n't stop piracy , nor does it even slow them down . Simply put , it shackles the paying consumer to an antiquated form of Draconian control .
 The teams has made quite a good job developing this game , but then again EA punishes their customers with abusive DRM.Considering their usual practices it 's a wonder the game is n't filled with advertisement.What 's next ?! 30 $ expansion packs every two months ?! No ! EA would never do that.Right ?
 No chance whatsoever I will purchase this game , despite innovative content . Will Wright -LRB- the game 's creator -RRB- admitted in a recent interview that the game 's content was intentionally dumbed down to allow the product a wider market appeal.Beyond that , the DRM is offensive . Only 3 installs ? After that I have to beg for the RIGHT to install a game I OWN ? Does n't sound like I OWN anything . Sure , one could argue that all you have to do is contact EA customer service on the phone -LRB- which is notoriously poor -RRB- . But even once you 've got them on the phone , you still have to prove your ownership of the product and whether or not you get the privilege of another install is ultimately out of your own hands.Just to add insult to injury , pirates WILL crack any copy protection , and will freely distribute the software amongst the community . It happened with Spore before the game was even released to the public . The only people being hassles , annoyed , and inconvenienced are legitimate , paying customers . NOT the pirates the DRM is designed to discourage.For anyone interested , Ironclad / Stardock -LRB- the developers of Sins of a Solar Empire and GalCiv -RRB- have posted a `` Gamer 's Bill of Rights . '' It is well worth a look . Check for it on your favorite search engine for an idea of what the LEGAL PURCHASER of a game has every right to expect , because EA 's take on DRM is insulting .
 Not even worth thinking about until the DRM is fixed . What a show stopper ! You 'd think after so much time , effort , hype and anticipation they would have released something playable.But no , EA forgot what it means to market a product . Customers purchase goods and services , they do n't like spending their money on products they are completely restricted from using.Better luck next time .
 I 'm sure EA are aware of these reviews given that the news of them has now gone global with news networks around the world picking up the story , so this review is to EA.I 'm a loyal customer and had been waiting for months to buy Spore . But now with all this stuff about the DRM and limited to 3 installs of the game ... No way !! I appreciate you want to protect the game from piracy but not at the expense of your loyal paying customers . I 'm actually thorn by this as I was so eager to play Spore but I 'd rather save my money instead of risking complete computer damage , data loss , and the eventual loss of Spore itself after 3 installs . If you ever cop on and release this game DRM free with unlimited installation counts , you 'll get my custom back . Shame on you , EA !!
 You 're only allowed to install the game 3 times , and after that you have to call EA for an extra install , and they treat you like a criminal . I do not want to rent a game for $ 50 .
 Spent some time playing this at a friends house last night . 3 installs is absurd , I refuse to rent my games . EA lost my business over this .
 This game has been in development for four years . It was much anticipated and showd great promise with the Creature Creator.It turns out that you can only install it three times over the lifetime of your copy . If you buy a new computer , that counts against you . If your hard drive crashes , that counts against you . If you uninstall and want to reinstall it later , you 're out of luck if you 've installed it 3 times ever.I 've installed my copy of Diablo II no less than 7 times . I legitimately own it , but for various reasons I 've needed to reinstall . With Spore , you 're SOL . Do n't waste your money on this until they fix it . What a stupid , stupid idea .
 The DRM on this game is terrible . You can only install it three times , after which you have to call EA and beg them to be nice enough to let you install the game you paid for again . I have a separate copy of Windows that I use just for gaming , and I erase it several times a year to keep it clean and virus/malware free . So I 'll get to play my $ 50 game for 9 months or so before I am forced to BEG for the PRIVILEGE of playing it some more .
 This product does not work without internet access , and is filled with awful DRM that probably makes it less than a wise investment . Also the game play seems less than put-together -- almost just an expansion of the creator creator .
 I also was looking forward to this release , but wo n't buy it until -LRB- unless ? -RRB- the DRM is removed . Pirates are going to get this game for free anyways ; why are legitimate customers being penalized and inconvenience ? -LSB- Ignore my fun rating ; I have n't played it yet -RSB-
 I did n't know Spore 's DRM is so incredible cumbersome , so I made the unfortunate mistake of buying the game.Once I tried to install it and saw the conditions , I returned it .
 Yes , it is another DRM review . Let me share a recent experience with you . I am a console gamer . I had played through -LRB- and really enjoyed -RRB- Mass Effect . I recommended the game to a friend at work . He is a PC gamer . The DRM on the Mass Effect disk caused MAJOR problems on his system . I really had n't given this a second thought when recommending the game , but I have since learned my lesson . As long as the game publishers try to tamper with the systems their games are loaded on , they should not be rewarded . If you want Spore , wait for the console version . Until then , buyer beware !
 If you upgrade your computer , have to replace Windows , anything else that requires this game to be reinstalled , you are in trouble . There are built-in rights restrictions that limit how many times you can install this , even though you paid for it . Software packages having this particular type of copy protection are risky purchases because once the vendor -LRB- Electronic Arts , in this case -RRB- turns you off , you are done . They can easily prevent you from ever using the software again even though you have forked over your money . If the artificial limitations preventing fair use in the hands of legitimate owners are removed , then this might be worthwhile . Otherwise , protect yourself and keep your cash .
 I was expecting Darwinian battles of survival in epic proportions . However , I was disappointed to no end . The game simply did not live up to the hype . The DRM is also a terrible pain . Save your money play with the creature creator demo and then forget this game exists .
 I usually change machines a couple of times per year -LRB- or more ! -RRB- and this draconian DRM scheme will fail me miserably . I will not be purchasing this game.Don ' t buy this game . Do n't support DRM . They should be forced to call it a `` rental '' , since that is closer to the truth .
 Have n't been able to open it on computer and have n't been to contact anyone for help very disappointingMy grandson really wants to play this game
 I followed the release of this game pretty much from its initial conception and was super excited about the concept from the beginning . Although it had gotten bad reviews at its release , I still went ahead and got the game with an open mind . I wonder why they thought that taking 5 bad copies of other games and patching them together would be revolutionary . There is really not much they did right with this game . Also the DRM on this game is ridiculous . I mean , who would want to steal this game , anyway ?
 Having waited 4 + years for this game it finally came out -LRB- I pre-ordered -RRB- . However it turned out to be a very disappointing game . The clothing editor made the whole game crash . The longer the game ran the slower it became , so closing it and reopening it frequently was required to combat this . Twice Spore totally ruined my save making me start the game again -LRB- after this happened the second time I gave up on the game and uninstalled Spore -RRB- . The gameplay itself is short with the limited creature editor being by far the best part -LRB- although you have few pieces to make your creature from unless you buy the expansions -RRB- . All stages of the game will be over in a couple of hours leaving you in only the `` space age '' which has boring repetitive gameplay.In short I was so disappointed at this terrible game that I complained and asked for my money back only a few days after receiving the game . EA never responded to my request and I will never buy an EA game again.It 's been several years since I got this game but I 'm still bitter about my experience with Spore .
 I would have gave it 0 stars but that was n't an option . If the items say PC MAC on then they should stop selling them if they require unattainable updates .
 The game is an amazingly fun and innovative scheme . What I can not - > and will not do - > is support EA 's draconian idiocy . By increasing DRM and faulty coding related to piracy the game will not run on my PC . I went too the pirates looking for a way to get it to work.So I bought the game , but I am likely returning it and will not go forward with this until it is put in a state ready for consumption and for our rights .
 I had enough trouble with the last DRM I HAD to deal with , seeing as there is no choice , and no real uninstall choice , besides a healthy format.What a joke . If this is the future from EA , then I guess Sims 2 will be something I 'm not going to play either . . * sigh *
 Just about to buy this game but after hearing all the reviews , I guess not . Wo n't give my money to EA if they only giving me problem playing or if you can even play it at all . EA you 're sucks too !
 The DRM restrictions on this game are not only ridiculously heavy-handed , but it would appear that EA thinks its customers are stupid . EA , can you honestly expect me to contact you after I 've installed or reinstalled the game I purchased for 50 bucks - and then beg you to give me additional installations ? I wo n't drop a dime on this game until you remove the DRM . Sorry .
 It 's truly unfortunate when playing a pirated game is a better experience than properly paying for it .
 I bought it , read the DRM provisions and returned it , uninstalled . I 'd messed with the Creature Creator since it was available . The game seems wonderful , and I 'm firmly of the belief that the DRM makes the game completely worthless . Three Installs . That 's it . Sorry , that 's simply unacceptable , EA .
 I was throwing around the idea of buying it for a while , thinking a PC game for mac awesome . Until I realized it had DRM . The whole reason I got a Mac was to get away from DRM and spyware . No they want me to install spyware on my mac what ?
 I have been assisting my roommate in getting his copy of spore working for the past two days . A problem with the DRM copy protection has completely blocked him from playing this game . This is a prime example of why DRM is BAD!Also , I would like to pose one question to you all . What happens when EA takes the DRM servers offline for good ? At that point , you will never be able to play this game again -LRB- without playing a pirated version at least -RRB- . Save yourself the trouble of trying to play this game legitimately and just go download a torrent .
 I refuse to purchase this game until the DRM is removed from the software . I 've long looked forward to this game - and I have great great respect for Will Wright and what he has done for the industry . However , the restrictions placed on this game are ridiculous . Let EA know how you feel and boycott DRM . While you wait for EA to get their heads straight , go play an indie game .
 I refuse to purchase this game until the DRM is removed from the software . I 've long looked forward to this game - and I have great great respect for Will Wright and what he has done for the industry . However , the restrictions placed on this game are ridiculous . Let EA know how you feel and boycott DRM . While you wait for EA to get their heads straight , go play an indie game .
 do n't bother with this game till they remove the drm - you paid for this game , you should n't be handcuffed into a limited number of installs . things happen - hard drives fail , motherboards fail , operating systems need reformatting ; not beign able to reinstall after 3 installs is EA 's way of saying `` to heck with you if you do n't like it - buy another copy '' . not me . not until they change this .
 I had hoped this game would be amazing however I 'm not going to even consider buying it if EA continues with their ineffective methods of piracy control . Aside form that , the reviews I saw were lackluster . Seems to be the case these days , the more hype the more the game disappoints .
 This game comes with a install limit . You may install it 3 times only . To install it more time EA requires that you call a timed call number -LRB- 1900 number in Australia -RRB- to have you game activated.Effectively you are `` renting '' the the game from EA . Although the court may believe otherwise.You may need to re-install for a number of reasons .1 . PC failure/fault that damages you windows drive .2 . You may want to un install the game to play a different game , then later you want to play spore again .3 . You upgrade your PC . In some cases it has been reported that adding 1 Blueray drive or HDD can cause the game to think it is on a new PC .4 . You buy it second hand , sell it to another -LRB- Which is your right to do -RRB- , or give it to a friend or family member as a gift .5 . You remove games during the school term so they do n't distract from studying.This game also comes with Secure Rom . This application uses a `` root kit '' to hide from piracy software . while this makes piracy harder it makes the PC more vulnerable to exploitation by Viruses and hackers . Also when you uninstall the game Secure Rom is n't removed with it . Though Guides to doing so can be found on the internet -LRB- At no cost -RRB- . Otherwise this is one of the best games to be released this year so I recommend that you make the decision of purchase using your own judgement.Previously with other games , eg Bioshock , install limits have later been removed at a later date via patches available from the game 's website . If you are concerned then maybe you should wait for such a patch to be released.I hope that some one finds this help full .
 I really WANT Spore . I just saw it at Target and decided on the spot I had to have the $ 80 version to get all the goodies.And yes , I am a game-o-holic !! I own several hundred games ! Everything from the old Infocom text adventures to Half-Life 2 , F.E.A.R. and Quake 4 . And YES I legally own every one of them !!! I own every version of SimCity and every version of The SIms . And I also bought every expansion pack for them too.But something made me check Amazon for Spore reviews before plunking down the cash . And I am really glad I did!No Way , No How , am I going to purchase a game that limits me to 3 installs ! When I think of how many times I have installed , uninstalled and then reinstalled my favorite games it makes me furious to think they would now be obsolete . -LRB- I even keep an older computer running just so I can still play some of my oldies but goodies !! -RRB- I really wanted to play Crysis and Bioshock but based on the reports here and elsewhere about the DRM I reluctantly passed . : -LRB- And to those who say DRM is not something to include in a game review I say `` hogwash '' ! Anything that affects my gaming experience is a valid factor in a game review . And thank goodness LOTS of fellow gamers feel the same way . THANK YOU for warning me about Spore 's DRM!EA , you are blowing it royally with this decision . I am a 50-year old `` kid '' with plenty of disposable income to spend on your products . Shoot , I WISH you 'd produce The Sims expansion packs more frequently !!! I WISH there were more expansions for HL2 , F.E.A.R. , Far Cry , etc. . Because I would line up to give you my cash!But I draw the line at allowing you to screw around with my computer by installing DRM nonsense and then limiting my installs . As far as I know you guys might not even be around next year and how will I get my game to work then ? Or you will simply decide one day to deactivate all your Spore servers because the cash cow dried up . Happens all the time to companies bigger than you!So , the $ 80 is sitting in my wallet , just waiting for your next move . I guarantee that if you guys announce a patch that removes the stupid DRM I 'll give you my $ 80 plus more $ as you release expansions for Spore . As I said earlier , I WANT SPORE!but I 'm willing to live without it -LRB- and your future DRM games -RRB- if you insist on continuing in this manner .
 Everyone else seems to be complaining about the DRM . Yes , being treated like I 'm 12 sucks -LRB- and it 's not stopping piracy -- this game has been cracked for days now -RRB- , but I 'm not going to let that ruin the game for me.Unfortunately , there 's not much game to ruin . This game is about as shallow as it possibly can be . It 's fun to mess around in the editors for 15 minutes , but the rest of the game can be completed in less than 6 hours , and unlike other open-ended games there 's no reason to come back . Even during that 6-hour period , the game is tedious . Every stage involves doing the same thing over and over 5-40 times until you reach the next one . Yawn .
 There is no point in renting this game from EA . They allow you to play for only as long as they deem necessary on whatever computers they let you play it on . Sorry charlie , I have a main computer game box , a travel laptop -LRB- and this type of game would have been nice for business trips -RRB- and my kid has his own as does my wife . Generally anybody that wants to play a game , just takes the disk to their computer and plays . No chance with Spore , the only alternative is to get an un-DRM 'd version and if it gets to that point , why bother ? What 's next Madden will only let you play it on a single Xbox360s without calling EA with your mothers maiden name?The same thing happened a few years ago with Tax software , I switched and have never gone back . That is years of profit the non-drm 'd guys have been getting and will continue to get for as long as I use tax software.Don ' t mess with the customers , we have LONG memories and never forgive being treated like criminals . There is always a competitor that will treat customers with respect.This game is destined for the bargain bin and then EA will stop supporting it and you wo n't be able to install it on a new computer . So do n't bother with it .
 My 11-year old installed Spore on XP and it failed to run . He had to reboot the computer every time he tried to play it , as it left him with a black screen he could n't get out of . This occurred even though I had created an account with admin rights so he could play games.It turns out that the solution is to right click on the start menu entry for the game , select properties and then the `` security '' tab , and give the user as many rights over the game as you 're allowed . It 's possible that the user may need to start with administrative rights , but I have n't done the experiment.Shame on EA for producing a brand new networked game that effectively requires admin rights to run . So much for security . Now that it runs , my son is having fun . But he 's beginning to appreciate why Dad gripes about DRM in general and Windows in particular . I appreciate the warnings here about the 3 install limit , I was n't aware of this . 4 stars for play , 2 stars for the PITA factor in getting it going.Update
 Among the most brutal I have seen . I was pretty hyped over this game , ive been looking for something like this for years , only to have it thrown in my face with a 3 install limit -LRB- EA is as belligerent as Microsoft -RRB- . Im more fired up with an install limit then over the DRM . DRM only provokes pirating , the more secure you try to make it , the harder and faster they work to exploit it . EA lost all credibility with me and I will no longer purchase a product that has an EA flag anywhere on it.Good Job EA ! keep up the good work of ruining good games !
 See those older 5-star reviews from 2006 -LRB- two years before the game was released -RRB- ? Well , they had a reason to be excited . Spore was supposed to be a revolutionary experience , combining multiple genres while concentrating on evolution and genetics.Fast forward two years and here we have the finished product , ready to be installed on our hard drives.First of all , the game incorporates a draconian DRM system that requires you to activate over the internet , and limits you to a grand total of 3 activations . If you reach that limit , then you 'll have to call EA in order to add one extra activation . That 's not as simple as it sounds , since when you reach that point EA will assume that you , the paying customer , are a filthy pirating thief . You will need to provide proof of purchase , reasons why the limit was reached , etc , etc -LRB- it has all happened before with another recent EA product , Mass Effect -RRB- . EA , of course , is not obligated to grant you that extra activation or even provide that service . In a couple of years they might very well even shut down the general activation servers , because `` it 's not financially feasible '' to keep them running . What you will be left with is a nice , colorful $ 50 coaster . And you will be required to pay for another copy/license if you want to continue playing.This basically means that you are actually RENTING the game , instead of owning it . The game WILL stop to function in the future . That 's inevitable , because even if EA keeps the activation servers going , there IS going to be a time when EA will simply cease to exist because of financial issues or federal laws -LRB- like most businesses eventually do -RRB- . Second , the game was dumbed down to oblivion . Evolution does n't even matter anymore . For example , you can add as many legs to a creature as you want , but the multi-legged creature wo n't be any faster than a single-legged one with higher leg stats . This gameplay element makes `` creating '' your creatures entirely pointless -LRB- cosmetic only , because everything is based on stats -RRB- , and brings you about the same amount of excitement as dressing up a plastic doll .
 This game got a lot of hype . Game magazines gave it 5 out of 5 stars , but I believe those magazines never played the game.Spore is like a giant game of `` Simon Says '' . -LRB- You know , the colorful blinking light game with sounds ... ? -RRB- The game is supposed to be open ended , but you 'll be glad the game is over when you reach the space ` exploration ' stage in less then a day.This game has a lot of neat technology behind it . Making a creature seems to be the most appealing part of the game . However , people can make their own creatures with the free creature creator ; Or go buy a package of play-doe and you 'll have just as much fun .
 Simplistic gameplay is already a handicap this game has to overcome . Draconian Restrictions Management eliminates any chance this game had.Imagine a man with a broken leg . That is Spore . Now , imagine that he does n't have crutches , is barefoot without a cast , is drunk , is blind and deaf , and is trying to walk on a steep , icy slope . That is Spore in its current incarnation , hobbled by Draconian Restrictions Management .
 To be brief , I was looking forward to buying this game until I heard about the draconian -LRB- nay Dickensian -RRB- DRM and the technical problems associated with the game -LRB- some of which are probably a direct result of EA not being prepared to handle everybody trying to register their games at the same time -RRB- . Better pissed off than pissed on , so I would say to EA
 I have to say I concur with the thousands of others who do not agree with the DRM . I just bought the game and had I known when I bought it I could only install it three times I would have said forget it . Sorry guys , I like to buy stuff not rent it ...
 See the arguments against securerom above . I 'm going to give this a pass . It 's a shame because the creature creator looked pretty fun and I 'm into sandbox games .
 I followed this game 's development for over a year.EA turned a guaranteed paying customer into a guaranteed boycott , for good . And the pirates still cracked it 4 days before it went retail . Who does this DRM hurt ? Not the pirates .
 I can only put something I legally OWN on my computer 3 times?What kind of craziness is this?EA seems to have destroyed a somewhat decent game with horrible DRM management , which seems to be their mode of operation now . A truly horrible way to do business.I 've purchased games with draconian DRM measures before , and I regretted it immensely.The game itself is not bad -LRB- not great either -RRB- , but it really is n't worth a 50 $ rental , which is what buying it amounts to .
 I loved the original spore creator but would never buy a game like this with the packaged DRM . It obviously did not stop pirates and as a consumer that WANTS to purchase this game I can not because this DRM makes it unplayable . EA really ruined this product with this .
 Sure , it looks pretty , but underneath the exterior , the game is shallow and boring.Plus it 's hobbled with one of the most annoying DRM schemes created.Don ' t waste your money until EA stops treating you like an imbecile and a pirate .
 I have purchased quite a few great games over the last 10 years and I continue to keep playing them every time I get a new computer or have to reinstall Windows or , now , OSX.The problem with this game is that you ca n't reinstall it more than three times.Let 's say you install it on your current computer , and then get a new computer in a year . That 's two . If you also have a laptop to play on the go , you 're at three . If you get a new computer or have to reinstall the OS on any of them , you 're out another $ 50 to buy this game again.That 's unacceptable and you too should make it clear to EA by just saying NO to buying this game .
 Like many others , I had really looked forward to Spore . Every time there was a new Game Developer 's Conference , I got excited to see the videos of what this game was becoming ! I shared the videos with all of my friends and together , we planned all sorts of things we would do with the game once it finally came out . And it seemed like it would be REALLY awesome because it took such a long time to come out that I thought
 Game only works as long as EA is around ? Sounds like what Microsoft and Yahoo did with their DRM schemes - millions of songs now unplayable because the authorization servers are gonzo .
 Spore is one of those games you come across only once every few years . It is epic . Really , it is . You take a creature from the primordial soup of life and send it into the stars . The size of the galaxy and the amount of time you can spend in space is incredible . A conservative estimate of the number of planets in the galaxy is something close to 10,000 . The game is amazing . That being said , it is n't the best thing to hit markets since sliced bread . The RTS elements in the Tribal and Civ stage are a bit lacking on the easier modes and really all that is necessary to kill or win over your opponents is built slightly faster than the average speed of a slow moving snail . It really is n't challenging in the least and unless you enjoy crushing your opponents into various mounds of bloody pulp , this game wo n't have much of a lasting effect on you . That being said , it is a good game and the creature stage is quite possibly one of the best ` mini ' games I have played in a long time . The customization that you can have when creating creatures and vehicles is incredible . I do n't think that I could ever feel bored when making something in any of the ten or so creators . Now , there is one huge issue that I want to address.People have been trying to call attention to this aspect of the game for quite sometime and this problem is the main reason I have given it only 1 star . DRM . This is something that EA has tried to foist on people for quite some time and it really is a horrible way to treat loyal customers . It stops you from installing the game more than 3 times on any machines . The hoops you have to jump through to get anymore than these initial 3 are n't even worth talking about . If you are a computer oriented person and love to change OS every week or so -LRB- I do know people like this -RRB- then this game wo n't be something you want to get . DRM in general is a bad idea . All it has ever done is stop loyal customers from buying the game and pirates from cracking the game within only 1 day . Please , do n't support EA and buy this game . Spore was cracked before it was officially released and pirates have been playing the game for days , happily enjoying the fact that they wo n't have to worry about DRM . At this point , it is almost a better idea to pirate the game and save yourself the hassle of calling EA when your 3rd install is gone . Plus you would n't be supporting the company that creates this horrible system of locking legitimate users out of games.Now , I do n't advocate the pirating of games . I purchase all my games and own a CD copy of every game I have with the except of 10 . These 10 games are examples what I hope that gaming will soon become . I did n't by disks of these games , but rather , I downloaded them off of Steam . It is an application that lets you download games and run them off of any number of computers as long as you are signed in to your account . It is the best system for distributing games I have seen . No disks , no problems with reinstalling your games , or downloading them to multiple computers . Steam is ushering in a new kind of gaming distribution . A way of allowing games to be purchased and downloaded , rather than needing a CD to play . It lets you run the game on multiple computers and does n't encourage piracy because a Steam account ca n't be logged on two different computers at once . Most current pirates love Steam because it allows them to do all of the things that they want to do with their games . It takes away their reasons for pirating them . Admittedly , there are still some people who pirate games just because , but not many . Whenever I can , I purchase games on Steam and that is something that suggest you do.So , in conclusion , please do n't buy this game and support a company that is forcing such horrible limitations on honest gamers . Wait them out , until they change their DRM policies and then buy the game . Without these kinds of protests , games will some become something that people will have to buy multiple times just to keep playing them . If you are a true gamer , do n't buy Spore . Buy something from Steam , and support a worthwhile cause . If you are n't a hardcore gamer , buy Spore . The DRM will haunt you for the rest of your days . Or at least until you have had to reinstall it 3 times . Good luck getting that fourth one .
 I like this game ... It 's fun ... It 's kinda cool . . BUT I GAVE it 1 STAR . . WHY ? because you cant actually buy the game . . you can only rent it . . You get a DVD that lets you install it 3 times ... Only 1 Account can be linked to the game . . so if you have a sibling or father / son etc who might buy a copy , understand you 'll need TWO copies ... Once you 've installed it 3 times you have to call EA to get it reactivated . . Perhaps I can give you some advice . . If you buy this game protest by learning how to crack or otherwise bypass the DRM -LRB- start by googling gamecopyworld -RRB- ... Maybe if enough people turn to cracking to stop the protection they 'll change . . So far they have yet to do so ... Dont get me wrong . . spore is kinda fun ... But do what ever you can to help cause trouble for EA . . They need to know this is not acceptable ...
 I saw this game demo 'd on TED and was really looking forward to buying it . But thankfully I found out in time I 'd have to buy 3-4 copies so my kids and I could play . You would have me pay for a copy for each child and myself?EA , do you guys realise how upset kids get when a sibling plays on their account?Shame on you and your DRM . Very disappointing .
 Well . I had plans to order this game but when I got to amazon tonight I noticed all the reviews and the low star rating . So I just had to see for myself what the hype was all about . And boy am I glad I did . I can not believe that EA wants us to basically rent a game for $ 50 . Who in their right mind would do such a thing ? The DRM is bad enough . I do n't need spyware on my computer . My husband is an electrical engineer and we upgrade our computers regularly . Why would I want to pay for another copy of a game I supposedly OWN when I upgrade more than once . That is pure idiocy . And only being able to have one account/game bought ? That 's insane ! I have several games that my husband and I both enjoy playing and we are able to play them with just one copy of the game . Go figure . I hope EA sits up and takes notice . Because I WILL NOT be buying this game or any other EA that uses such harsh methods on its paying customers . I was really looking forward to this game too . Oh well . Guess I 'll spend my money on a different game and different company as well . Shame on you EA ! What a horrible business practice .
 I really wanted to buy the game , but considering the absurd DRM , sorry . I really do not want to patronize such behavior . Shame on you EA . I hope your stock goes down to 0 on such anti-consumer behavior . I am not buying any other EA game either .
 Like others here I have had issue in the past with DRM - Thank you Adobe and Apple . DRM is fine for an average user - but think about it - this is a game . Many people who play games build new systems to have the latest and greatest , or have multiple machines . I know I do . Two regularly used ones in my office , a laptop for work and a personal Laptop - My wife also has a computer . So if we install it and reach our limit because we retire a machine that had it and replace it with a new one - We have to call EA ? Screw that . I have returned the game and bought some BR movies instead . I will either wait until EA releases a version that is n't limited like this or download the version that does n't have DRM - Thats right - pirate it - then I wont be limited anyway . DRM is a failed attempt at control and has become an annoyance for anyone over an average user -LRB- especially in this case when there are much better ways to ensure someone paid for your game -RRB- .
 I bought this for my son , who was so excited to get it . He did n't have leopard on his Mac yet , so he took it to his friend 's house to play it on his computer , big mistake ! Now we ca n't load it on his computer . This will never happen to us again !
 the drm and draconian limited install liscense ruined what potentially could have been a fun game .
 Like many other posters here , I was excited about this game . The restrictive DRM makes this a no brainer . Do not purchase . It 's that simple . Until we stop putting up with this crap , these restrictions will continue to get worse .
 I have the Creature Creator . I bought it at EBGames . I will not buy a copy of the full game so long as it has programs on it other then the game . DRM . . not much of a selling point .
 If you feel like installing viruses onto your computer there are cheaper ways of doing it . The DRM software that EA has decided to include with this game is just that , a virus . It runs in the background and eats up valuable resources and can never be removed completely . Do n't even bother buying this game until EA takes the DRM out , I know I wo n't .
 If EA wanted to gift me a copy of this game , I still would n't accept because I 've no desire to have malware/spyware , developed by Sony , permanently installed on my PC . The fact that they believe they have the right to overstep the boundaries of personal privacy and property and worm their way into the OS on my PC make them an anathema to me.I 'll not pay them to root-kit my PC and gather marketing data on me.I 've been following this game for over a year and was planning on buying it the morning of release . After finding out they were going to implement SECUrom , I loaded up an old copy of Fallout 2 and played that instead . I 'll keep my money EA , and you can keep your shady business practices and all of your products to yourself . You do n't get to police your customers on their dime . You do n't get to criminalize me for renting your `` intellectual property '' .
 The fact that the actual content of this long awaited and highly advertised game is watered down and bland is beside the point.There is absolutely no excuse for EA to treat its customers like criminals . No matter how much piracy is hurting the industry -LRB- and there seems to be significant evidence showing that the its impact is marginal -RRB- , the people who are doing the right thing , and buying the game legally , should not be punished . To add insult to our injury , its blatantly apparent that the DRM does n't work . I could be downloading a working pirated copy right now after an appallingly little amount of time spent searching.I 'm hoping all the single star ratings will send EA -LRB- and other publishers -RRB- a message.We are not pirates ! But we wo n't stand for this!Stop ripping-off your customers by using unfair DRM policies!NOTE
 I had been looking forward to this game but the DRM limits you to three installs so it 's really just a rental . I refuse to try to get through to EA on the telephone to beg them to let me install a game I paid $ 50 for -- good luck with that , suckers . I 'm gon na have to pass until this issue is fixed .
 I feel like EA is calling me a dirtbag for buying something from them . What exactly am I spending $ 50 for ? Apparently not a opy of the game as EA is making it clear we do not have any rights to it . I do n't get it . I am PAYING THEM ! The priates are downloading it for free and they do n't have any limits ? Am I supposed to be happy that I am being punished for someone elses crime ? Am I still in grade school and someone forgot to tell me ? ANY limit on installs is punishment the customer has to take . It is no deterent to the pirate AT ALL ! Do you guys understand that by now ?
 You make a game , you sell a game . Some people steal , that 's life . You knew all of these things when you made the game , if you did n't like them , you did n't have to make the game . DRM cripples the longevity of this game .
 The first Maxis game I purchased was the original SimCity , the one with the red copy-protection sheet . Since then , I 've bought almost everything else that Maxis has ever produced.But I wo n't be buying Spore , even though I 'd been looking forward to it for years.I wo n't be buying it because I do n't buy games that require activation . Period . I do n't care how good they are.Even if EA responds to protests by raising their three-activation limit , they can only activate the game as long as they 're in business . And I 've been buying computer games since 1983 ; I 've seen a lot of game companies go out of business . I 've seen even more just plain stop supporting their older games.I 'm still playing quite a few games from the early 1990 's . I 'm still playing one game from the mid-1980 's . I must have reinstalled those games on various systems and emulators ten to fifteen times over the years . I build myself a new computer every couple of years , and I do n't expect that pace to change.If I wo n't be able to play a game I 'm considering today in 2028 , there 's no point in my buying it .
 Aside from being disappointingly shallow in its gameplay , the draconian DRM scheme all but begs you * not * to play the game . With 3 only activations , there is little room for reinstalling after a Windows reinstallation . Forget a temporary installation on a friend 's computer to show them what the game is like ; you are probably a dirty pirate who plans to bring down the gaming industry with your wicked ways.Perhaps the biggest problem with this system is that if you get tired of the game and wish to sell it , the person who buys it from you gets a maximum of two installs , assuming you only installed the game once . Shame on you for trying to rob EA of its profits ! You are n't buying a game , you 're buying a license to give EA money , and if you 're good , they 'll let you play their game for as long as they like . Not to mention , the current system is a `` compromise '' from their originally-proposed idea of making you go online every * 10 days * to prove that you still are n't a crook.Keep your DRM , EA . I can do other things with my time .
 Unfortunately once you open software you ca n't return it . Once you realize that the put a network protection system in place that requires you connecting to their server in order to play the game it 's too late to return it . This game is all hype . The most fun part about the game is the creature creator which you can download for free . Be careful what you create for your creature though , because if EA does n't like what you make they will suspend your account .
 The DRM implementation contained with the game , just bring down the whole experience for the game . Its not worth buying , let alone installing on ones computer . Stay way !
 Just wanted to add my voice to the many that have stood up to this criminal DRM business.My wife and I have eagerly awaited the release of this game for what seems like years . That EA has chosen such draconian measures to `` protect their investment '' is inexcusable and I will not be party to the further abolishment of the rights of consumers.That 's two more copies of this game you 're losing EA . I hope you 're paying attention .
 A three install limit is identical to a game rental . For anyone who ever changes computers or reinstalls their operating system for any reason -LRB- i.e. when windows devolves into a super slow swamp of an operating system , or upgrading your mac os to the newest version -RRB- , you lose a license . It 's just not right . Really shameful of EA .
 I was completely excited about the game in every respect . With the Digital Restrictions Management in place , there 's just no way I 'm going to buy it . I 'm no pirate either ; I 've bought over a dozen programs this past year .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . You can not buy it anyway , it is DRM ` ed.I will not , repeat , will not install anything with DRM . DRM installs unknown software on my machine , monitors my use and causes unexplained crashes . Philosophically , DRM is garbage . After paying money for a product , I would like to use it as I please , install it on any machine I choose , and make backup copies if I feel like it . I do not need someone to monitor me or lay claim to what 's inside my house.Until software marketers learn that when you sell something you actually have to give it to the buyer , no one should buy their software .
 The play was boring to me within 30 minutes , and the DRM is unconscionable . EA really messed this one up
 I purchased Spore thinking it would be fun and exciting , however Windows Solitare is clearly a better game .
 This is a perfect example of how to ruin a great game . There is no chance that I will purchase this game now .
 I thought this was a game where you basically create a small , undeveloped creature and that creature takes a life of it 's own , either living or dying , adapting or not , evolving for better or worse . Instead , what I played was a game where I start out as some little creature where I had to go around and collect plant pieces for food and avoid other creatures . Every once in a while I would `` mate '' with another of my species . If I collected enough food I could add things to the creature . Then , I graduated to `` land '' where once again I had to run around collecting food and finding things . This was n't what I had in mind at all . I 'd say I played for about 3-4 hours and when I was done , I just could n't believe I spent 4 hours running around collecting things . This is `` first person '' where you are the creature you create . You have to go around singing to other creatures , and doing some dance for them . If they are unevolved creatures they will be impressed with you and you will get points , or advance your species , so you can go back and put better ears or horns on it or whatever . You are in charge of the evolution but to evolve you ahve to go around collecting things.In summary , this is not what I had in mind when I bought this game .
 Wow . I 'm so glad I read these reviews before buying this . Freaking EA man , they do n't care about the customer , and it seems they delight in tormenting the player . Draconian ? Their system sounds downright Satanic ! Poor Will Wright . What could have been a legacy and legend in gaming is destroyed by Corperate stupidity . Heed the warnings of the victims of EA 's evil . BOYCOTT THIS CRAP . I 've been waiting forever for a game like this and EA killed it before it 's time.BOYCOTT EA ! SHUT THEM DOWN NOW BEFORE THEY DESTROY GAMING FOREVER !
 The game has an interesting premise
 Even if you do n't mind Spore 's extra software on your computer , I would still advise against purchasing this game unless you are are young child.I spent a few hours getting into the space age where I heard the game gets good -LRB- the other stages are all a joke to beat -RRB- , and it turned out that I had an enemy next door . I could n't complete a single mission without one of my two colonies or one of my allies colonies calling me away to help them . After playing for several hours I started to make some progress , which is when I realized that this game quickly goes from being laughably easy to unbearably tedious . My advice to anyone looking to buy this game
 I have purchased Spore , and played it for about 4hours . The only thing that I want is a refund and that time back . I had fun with the first few stages , but after that the game became extremely boring and repetitive . Before this game was launched there was so much hype , and I am sad to say I was very excited when it came out , that was until I played it . Save your money , or spend it on some balloons , because honestly they are more exciting .
 I was planning on purchasing this game until I noticed all the talk on Amazon about DRM and required online activation . There is n't much chance of being able to play this game considering I am deployed overseas and have no access to personal internet . What happened to the `` good old days '' of being able to buy a game , install it , and simply being able to play it ? I guess those days are gone . It does n't seem to make much sense either considering all these supposed precautions do n't really stop pirates . Hell , I could probably head down to one of the markets and just buy a cracked version that probably does n't require the online activation to play . All these hackers and `` black market '' sellers are probably making MORE money due to all these annoying precautions game companies are now taking which seem only to really keep the honest buyer from enjoying the game .
 I have been looking forward to buying this game , but all the negative reviews have given me pause . When will companies start listening to what their customers want ? Only when they vote with the most important tool in their possession . The almighty dollar . That seems to be the only verbiage they understand .
 The most anticipated game in years . How do you mess it up ? Turn video game buying into video game * renting * . Way to go EA .
 The DRM on this game is prohibiting and terrible ... Never buy this piece of cardboard .
 DRM sucks , game kind of sucks . stick with the creature creator demo . . is drm-free ! . dont buy !
 Can not believe the DRM , I am used to owning what I purchase , not renting it . When they remove the DRM , I will enthusiastically purchase SPORE . In the meantime , I have other non-DRM pursuits .
 I hope this game gets buried in a deep pile of manure.DRM like this is insulting to paying customers.Take your $ 50 and spend it on something that wo n't interfere with how you 'll use it in real life.If you need more explanations as to why DRM is bad , go look up about MLB , Yahoo , Microsoft , and other large companies which have , or threatened to , turn off their DRM servers.What 's to stop EA from doing the same?Will I get my $ 50 back when that happens?I 'm not taking the chance , thanks for the warning to everyone who posted about this .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Let me start off by saying that I love Maxis . Their games were some of the first I ever played . I just went over the release history for Maxis at Mobygames and I stopped counting after I identified 20 games that I own.Now that that is out of the way , lets get onto the gameplay . Ill break down the phases here.Cell Stage
 Two years ago , when I looked at this game , I thought it would be a decent , fun game , and it would be worth paying 50 dollars for . Unfortunately , it is n't decent , it is n't fun , and it 's really not even paying 10 bucks for . That 's how bad it is . To sum up what this game is , it 's just a bunch of depthless minigames that take about thirty minutes each to beat , until , that is , you get to the space stage . The first phase , cell phase , is the only semi-fun one ; of course , it 's probably the most dumbed down of all phases . This phase only takes a few minutes to beat . The creature phase can take a long time depending on whether you befriend or attack everything . This phase is aggravating and boring.The tribal phase is so easy that it can only take you around 20 minutes to beat . In this phase , you 're pretty much forced to ally with the other tribes , as using warfare takes forever and gets you nowhere . Once you get past the tribal phase , it 's time for the civilization phase , which is more or less the same as the tribal phase , only it 's a lot easier to kill everyone . In this phase , your people develope so quickly it 's unrealistic ; they get vehicles right after the tribal phase , and soon after develope ships and warplanes . Ultimately , this phase is the second most frustrating.The space phase is the last and worst phase . If you do n't ally with at least one major empire , you 're screwed , for lack of a better word . Of course , you 're forced to go stop ecodisasters and stop pirates , and for whatever reason , they ca n't do it themselves . The best items cost a ridiculous amount of sporebucks -LRB- the currency in spore -RRB- , and it can take hours to get enough money just to get the planet buster , and you can only use it once before you buy another one.After a while , you 'll get used to killing pirates and stopping ecodisasters and defeating the Grox -LRB- the cheesy , borg-like rat-villains of the game -RRB- . Your main goal , later on , is to get to the center of the universe . You 'll find that most of the races in the universe sound the same , and that some even look the same ; that being said , it makes it feel like there 's no variety in races , which , there is n't much of . It 's almost painful to reach the center of the universe . You have to not only defeat the Grox , but you have to beat the other hostile empires . This took me around 4 days for me to do , and that was to only get near the center of the universe . That 's 4 days wasted.To sum it all up , this game is a dumbed-down , boring piece of trash that was so overhyped that , in order to avoid a tide of hate mail , places like Gamespot gave it a positive review to save their butts.I beg fellow gamers to either not buy this game , or pirate it . The game is not worth 50 , or even 10 dollars , and the fact that there 's a draconian DRM attached makes it even worse ; you can only install the game 3 times on a computer . That means that if your computer loses all of its data 3 times , or you want to install it on 3 computers , you 'll have to call EA customer support in order to get an extra install . EA games treats its customers like criminals . They 've tightened their grip so much that this game is becoming the most pirated game of all time . I 'd bet if NASA knew that this game would be THIS bad , they would n't shown it.I say it again
 ... The game can be quite fun . For a short while.Like another reviewer complained , it does n't matter if your creature has fifty legs or half of one , evolution pretty much plays absolutely no role in crafting your creature at all . It 's entirely a creationist game , as your creature does n't at all `` evolve '' , but is changed to your specifications . That is , you can start with a two legged mammal-looking thing with claws for lips , and if you do n't like it , you can completely change it to be a legless worm with eight eyes and wings , and if you do n't like that , you can make a velociraptor with huge kneecaps and beefy arms . So long as you unlock more parts to create with , you have absolutely free reign to mold your creature like clay.So the game clearly espouts creationism.The cell stage is simple , but it 's quite fun , with your quest to eat little bits of plant or meat , while avoiding larger cells , and you can gradually evolve to put on spikes to poke the crap out of enemies , or poison sacks or electric butts to kill your foes , while the gigantic spiked amoeba that ate you every time you zipped past will soon become your primary source of food.Next , the Creature stage . This is one of the most fun stages , as it consists of you controlling one of your creatures , hunting for food , either befriending other creatures by dancing , singing , and posing for them , or MURDERING them in front of their children , then eating their children in front of their women.If the creature stage had blood , it would be a damn awesome experience . It can be a sheerly brutal play , with great pleasure to be had in hunting species down to extinction , or chasing an enemy away from its nest , while cracking all their eggs , and murdering their children when they try to come close . It 's also the only stage where you can do as much of the creature crafting/creationising as you can . My recommendation is to explore all you can , find all the parts you can , and pick what you like , because you can not `` evolve '' anymore past this stage.Tribal stage completely changes the gameplay , to something like a simplistic RTS where you hunt nonsentient creatures , or gather fruits and plants , and bring them back to camp , where food can be spent on musical instruments , weapons , or children . The objective is to befriend and ally tribes , or destroy their village hut . This stage is hell to go through , and is exacerbated by poor controls , an even poorer camera , constant raids on your food supply by tiny creatures that will literally camp on your food pile and suck as much as they can.Civilization stage is just a big mess of things thrown together as filler . You have to waste time designing EACH and EVERY building and vehicle from scratch using the same system as designing your creature , and the vehicle can be as overburdened with crap as you want so long as all the right stats are in place . This stage exacerbates all the poor control and camera problems in the previous stage , and all the gameplay consists of literal `` Feng Shui '' as you must precisely place homes , factories , and entertainment centers to get the most happiness and productivity out of your city . If you 're on an island , do n't even bother building too many military vehicles -- there is absolutely no way to get them over water , not even by transport.All the work in this stage is eventually rendered useless by the use of KIDDIE nuclear weapons , in particular the ICBM which destroys all cities that do n't belong to you , and automatically moves you to the space stage.Space stage is the next awesome phase , borrowing heavily from the creature phase with regards to controls and camera , and lets you explore the entire galaxy available at hand . And since you 're on your own , there 's no need to micromanage a city full of idiots with shoddy controls.So the Pros : - Free-range creature creation -LRB- though it 's very much impossible to make something humanlike -RRB- - Bloodless murderous fun in Creature stage and Cell stage - Being an obnoxious empire in the Space stage - Low system requirements and small game size , while graphics and collision detection are still top-notchCons : - Insanely boring Tribal and Civilization stages - Insanely pointless Civilization stage -LRB- I beat this stage with nothing but military cities , no economy -RRB- - Limited number of parts makes you roam around a huge map for hours looking for thirty different variations of deformed-toe feet - Blatantly promoting creationism , thus allowing absolutely no role for evolution , and no purpose for any of the random appendages put on your creature save for the stats they grant . - Camera controls are among the worst controllable-camera controls in any game I 've ever played . - Game controls post-Cell stage become sloppy and incoherent , causing such chestnuts in the Creature stage as trying to mate with another one of my kind , only to end up running past them and spinning in circles - Too many things to handle in the Tribal stage with not enough creatures to carry out all these tasks - Allies in every stage are completely useless for everything except not trying to kill you - Definitely biased towards murderous carnivores , as it 's easily up to 3 or 4 times harder to impress and ally with another nest/tribe than it is to simply butcher them all and eat their corpses in front of their children - DRM ~ !!!!! - Taken from the class-action lawsuit claim regarding SecuROM DRM :-LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 'm sure there were plenty of people like me who have been following this game to it 's release for a long time , and I 'm sure you will be just as disappointed as I was . The game play is average at best . The creation is really dumbed down and everything is based off stats , not how many arms/legs your creature has so essentially there is no point in having more than one arm/leg/claw / horn . The paint schemes are utterly lacking and your stuck with pre-made designs for your creatures . On top of that the 3 install limit -LRB- DRM -RRB- is a sad , sad joke.EA fails .
 I was really excited about this game and planned to make it my only game purchase until StarCraft2 , but with all the DRM issues I guess I will never get a chance to buy it . . DRM has ruined to many experiences in the past making music I ` bought ' unplayable . Online rented movies never play , because of supposed DRM . The inability to play movies off my computer on a projector because they might be copied ... Stupid problems all for LEGAL purchases ... I ca n't buy anything with DRM , just look what happened to YAHOO music.Sorry Spore , fix it and re release !
 This game calls home every 10 days to authorize that its legal . If your not online you ca n't play .
 I am an actual owner of * 2 * copies of the SPORE pre-release Creature Creator because everyone in my family -LRB- parents and children -RRB- wanted to play it to get ready for SPORE . We all enjoyed the preview and were looking forward to experiencing the SPORE universe -LRB- my son and wife have been in anticipation mode for over a year ! -RRB- . However , we all agreed that , based on the information that I have found flooding the internet today concerning EA 's use of SecuROM and the 3 install limit , we would forego our purchase of what would have been multiple copies of the game for the following reasons : - as much as some out there criticize Valve for their STEAM platform , at least Valve , and all of the other developers , distributors , etc , that use their service understand that most PC users will have have more than one computer in their lifetime and that they have a right to have their software purchases installed on their current system -LRB- as supported by most EULAs I am familiar with -RRB- ; - knowing my own family 's PC usage , as well as that of their friends -LRB- between the ages of 10 and 16 -RRB- , there is no way that I could go for very long before my 3 installs would be exhausted , between system reloads , upgrades , replacements , etc. . Again , as long as I abide by any EULA restrictions concerning how many PCs it can be installed on simultaneously -LRB- most EULAs are between 1 and 3 , usually for multiplayer purposes -RRB- , I should be able to install it as many times as I need . As someone whose posting I read earlier mentioned , if this was the normal approach of software vendors in the past , I would have a lot of worthless plastic today ; and , finally , - I do n't care if it is industry sanctioned , government approved , or just an accepted practice , NO ONE has the right to install ANYTHING , benign or otherwise , on my personal equipment without my knowledge or approval , and any company that feels that they can will not get my business.I have purchased many EA titles over the years and have had few reasons for complaint or remorse and I am saddened that I need to now make a non-purchase to ensure that I can still say that .
 First off , let me state how badly I would have liked to rate this game up . But I can not , and will not based on a few factors . And here they are :1 . -RRB- DRM . I can not believe this BS . Not only is there a 3 activation limit ... You can not create multiple accounts on a legitimately activated account . As full-time I.T. engineer , it 's not difficult to allow and even monitor how many activations an activated game has . Hell , run a regular script to scan for any activations that have more than , oh let 's say 20 emails ... and THEN do something about it . I think you will find most families will buy the game and give their children their own galaxy to play with . But nope . You ca n't do that without purchasing multiple copies . STUPID ME , I freakin ' did it . And now I got ta deal with the INEVITABLE prospect of calling EA or rebuying this game when I install it in the future?All DRM has done is effect law abiding people . The people who do n't pirate SPORE . So that 's right , EA . . you effectively screwed your customers . YOUR DAMN CUSTOMERS . God , all the pirates do is crack the game and play with local content without a problem . Oh sure , they ca n't upload their content to Sporepedia , or have active content downloaded , but what do they care ? They do n't have to deal with the DRM . THEY can have a family who can each play their own game without buying 5 copies . It 's almost like DRM forces a logistical decision in honest customers to willingly PIRATE SPORE . You can argue morals at this point all you want , but there is some pretty damn good reasoning here.DRM makes it difficult to expand the game operation on multiple platforms . Because DRM is n't supported in WINE , it will NEVER work in LINUX without major generations of work . By that time , SPORE will be long forgotten . The list of problems with the DRM goes on and on . It is very clear to me , EA has very old dimwits working in management . If this were n't true , you would have a younger group of gamers who understand technology and how to configure a proper business model when dealing with gamers and piracy . I swear , DRM is something old farts in congress would come up with , and WHEN was the last time THEY came up with anything good for the people ? Ok , this is turning political . . on to the next point .2 . -RRB- After much ranting and raving on point # 1 , lol . . we come to gameplay features . SPORE is missing many that were touted in developer interviews and trailers . What ever happened to modifying vehicles to speed them up for gathering purposes ? It appeared there was much more depth to SPORE and it was actually DEMO 'd in interviews . It 's non-existant in SPORE . And what happened to adding more legs to speed a creature up ? What happened to stacking stats to make parts ACTUALLY MATTER ? It appeared it was working that way before . . and for some reason it was changed . What is going on ? Were features stripped out at the last moment because EA thought it could cash in on more money due to a large amount of hype ? So time to rip features OUT of SPORE , and stuff it in to a future expansion ? It would n't surprise me at all . I 'm sorry Maxis . . I 'm very sorry you guys are the victim of a company who made a last ditch effort to CASH IN . They have reported a loss in earning for over 2 years straight , and they desperately need to rape their customers enough to appease their stock holders . Hence the reason , charging 10 bucks for the creature creator , and then nailing you to the wall with purchasing extra DRM copies of a limited game called SPORE . Being a fan of Maxis games for many years , this is n't how Maxis has operated in the past . This is further proof that Electronic Arts ruins good companies.So for a little added humor here , EA is essentially the GROX .3 . -RRB- My wife is a casual gamer . She likes SPORE . She did anyway . . or sort of does now . . I 'm not so sure now . She likes befriending things . She 's like being diplomatic and nice . Once she reached SPACE stage , it was suddenly very apparent , -LRB- no matter how she played nice in the previous stages -RRB- that she would be thrown in to a very aggressive style of gameplay . Constant wars . Constant attacks . Constant eco-disasters . Constant obliteration of here terraformed planets/civs . A waste of in-game money . A waste of TIME . RELENTLESS . Absolutely relentless . Now , while I enjoy this style of gameplay . . and I did much better at it than her , I have to admit it 's over the top . And it 's simply not fair to her . She ca n't play the game in the way she wanted to play it . What a lie MAXIS has spewed . It 's very unfortunate . People ca n't go out and explore , or just have fun . No , you need to spend every 5 minutes of your life in space defending SOMETHING . And at times , and I just looked over at her screen ... you get attacked 3 times simulataneously . She is so frustrated , this is n't even fair to her . This is ridiculous ... the fact that EA/MAXIS has done this to her , makes me more mad than it being done to ME.A crying shame . God what a nightmare this whole SPORE mess has become.I love SPORE , I really do . I still enjoy the game . But this much to be desired . We NEED patches . We need more content . . and that 's something that wont be fixed any time soon . Not without the model completely being revisited.And DRM ? That 's not going anywhere either . Not until MAXIS can do without Electronic Arts . I hope this is the start of a massive collapse of that useless company.Electronic Arts ? What a disgrace . It 's more like Electronic Fascism.Good riddens .
 Spore is a major , MAJOR disappointment . The gameplay is lackluster at best . Creating your creature is fairly pedestrian . The various options have little real effect on the ultimate gameplay and the difference between the options is rather sadly minor.The game is also short . By short I mean REALLY short . I finished the game in less than 5 hours . 5 hours ?? That 's including the tutorials ! Ridiculous ! Yes I can replay the game , and I have.Fact is that there is very little difference between playing through as a friendly herbivore or as mean old nasty carnivore . There 's just no payoff.The creature creator was the best part of the game.And did I mention the DRM ? WOW ! I can install the game 3 times ! I have installed it twice just to try and get it to work.Bottom line
 UGH , for some reason you have to activate this over the internet ! I live out of reach of the internet , and can only get on at my cousin 's house . Unfortunately , this means I ca n't play the game .
 I sure would like to play Spore . I 'm a big fan of Will Wright 's Sim-games so this is right in my wheelhouse.Unfortunately , Spore comes encumbered with Securom DRM , so I wo n't be picking it up.I skipped Bioshock because it came with Securom . I 'll be skipping Spore for that reason too.Sorry , Will . No sale .
 Spore is a very nice game and I enjoyed it . There is a clear downside though
 I really really enjoyed playing this game . That said , I will probably never play it again . I upgraded my pc to windows 7 and apparently that is n't allowed by ea . I even used the de-authorization tool before I upgraded . I ran it twice to make sure and the second time it claimed that there were no authorized copies of spore on my pc . So how can my code possibly have been used too many times ? This is clearly a serious flaw in the design . Do n't waste your money .
 Let me start off by saying I was really excited for this game . The concept is interesting , but it does n't really fulfill itself . I did enjoy the additional functionality of the creature creator . But it still felt a bit too limiting because of the points each item possessed . Therefore you could not be truly creative . I had the Prima game guide and tried to follow that . Although it felt more like I HAD to get to the next level rather than play a certain one for a while . It appeared there was really no point to stay at a certain level anyway . Then when I tried to advance to the Space level , I could never do it even with the help of the guide . It was just too much of a pain in butt . If it 's frustrating and difficult to reach the next level , then why continue playing ? Therefore I stopped after only a couple weeks . There was nowhere else for me to go , and it really felt tedious after a while . I certainly was n't inspired to start all the way at the beginning again either . I think that not having actual people , like in Sims , that you do n't really feel like you care about your creatures or what happens to them . Disappointing .
 i love designing weird new creatures , monsters , and xenobiology in general . and i like the artificial life games -LRB- like creatures -RRB- . so i thought -LRB- from the pre-release videos -RRB- that this game was made just for me!i got the creature creator for ten bucks , and it was fun and relaxing . oh , there were all kinds of limitations on your creature . i could n't make * exactly * the creatures i had doodled for it . for example , you ca n't change the width and height of the body independantly . and i find the animations freaky , because the creature ` looks around ' with its mouth part , not where you put the eye parts.the painting segment was n't as detailed as the videos suggested either . you ca n't paint the spots or stripes or texturing exactly where you want . you can pick a style and a colour for each of the 3 layers , and that 's it.then they introduced a patch that added insectile legs , and made all the parts so hideously expensive that you ca n't afford to make decent creatures unless you use the cheat . -LRB- i have creature creator on my laptop , and i have never upgraded it . if i want bug legs , i use my desktop . -RRB- finally , the full game came out , and my friend got it for me for christmas . well ... the other reviews have pretty well nailed it down . the game is repetetive and dumb as a stump . you know , will wright shows you his idea of ` chimps with machine guns ' where he puts a weapon rack down by his creatures . and then you watch what they do with it . they might have some sort of sociological reaction that would be interesting to watch . this is NOTHING like the real game.in the real game , you have to buy a weapon hut , then click several creatures and tell them to go get armed . then lead them around to fight.in the creature stage , you run around , you eat , you fight or dance ... and repeat . and repeat . and repeat . you ca n't fight so good or you suck at dancing and ca n't make friends , you run around having to find the higher level parts to get a better score.i didnt even bother to go past the village stage . i hate micromanagement games , and resource harvesting games , and the village segment was bad enough.if you like creating things , you can have some fun making up monsters/creatures -LRB- in the full or creature creator 10 dollar job -RRB- , and vehicles and buildings if you have the full game . that does n't appeal to me , really . i 'd rather create things in second life that i can make actual money from . : X
 I bought this game because I 've been a SIMS addict/Will Wright fan and a review in `` Time '' made Spore sound like the most wonderful game to ever be created . It was okay the first go-round creating my character and I successfully navigated the evolutionary time-line to space travel . But doing all that once was enough . No point it bothering to replay . Really NOT worth the price of admission .
 Spore sucked . I could write pages about why I think this , but I wo n't .
 My 9 y.o. son got this game for Xmas & absolutely loves it . I played because I was curious and needed a new game . The game is simple and boring for adults . It 's awesome for kids and I highly recommended it for children because of simplified strategy and game play . My son likes all sorts of games from childrens ' games to difficult strategy games -LRB- Medieval Total War -RRB- and he is in love with Spore . I gave the game the rating I did based on my own experience with the game .
 The concept was amazing . The game is not . I was excited to freely evolve my creature - wandering across the universe . Instead the evolutionary process is purely cosmetic and you are forced to follow a specific path through the game . And lets not forget the ridiculous DRM restrictions . This had the potential to be fantastic but they blew it and I am greatly disappointed .
 So I got this game and the first thing I saw when attempting to start it , the Securom `` A required security module can not be activated '' with error `` 5016 '' message , an error from the DRM the game uses . Despite being a legitimate owner of the game , it was n't letting me play it.The 5016 error is what Securom produces when you 've used filemon from sysinternals / at any time since last reboot / . As a programmer I use filemon to debug my own software regularly , so I 'm faced with having to reboot whenever I want to play Spore . That 's extremely inconvenient to say the least.The whole thing is ridiculous , as I PAID for the game ! If I had instead pirated the game , I 'd not be having this problem . I do n't understand why companies keep using DRM on their games - the pirates have it removed within hours so the only people that ever get harassed by DRM are legitimate owners . This creates the piracy problem , as the pirated version is higher quality but you ca n't buy it from EA !
 The game is pretty good , 3-4 out of 5 stars ... each stages has something different so hopefully you can find what you are looking for.DRM sucks , copy protections do n't do jack anyway except piss people off.I have n't met an EA game I liked .
 Years of development were spent on this ? I mourn for the future of PC gaming . Ridiculous copy protection = EPIC FAIL by the way .
 Since hundreds of other reviews cover the details , I 'll be brief :1 -RRB- The 3-strikes-you 're - out DRM is completely unacceptable to their major target audience
 I was really excited about playing this game until I heard about the insane DRM -LRB- SecureROM -RRB- this game will install on my computer . I have an unopened copy of this game that I will be returning due to the DRM . Game companies should at least mention the arbitrary restrictions they 're baking into their games.I usually play my games all the way through and replay them years later after multiple OS reinstalls / upgrades . Limiting customers to installing their game 3 times is a non-starter for me . I 'm not going to put up with a game installing what is essentially spyware on my computer.Sure , there are workarounds for the DRM but why encourage this kind of behavior from companies ? Add in the DRM plus EA 's terrible support track record and I see no reason to keep this game.For those complaining about the anti-DRM reviews , consider it catching up . Many gaming sites immediately delete any posts referencing DRM in games . If these reviews get EA 's -LRB- and other game makers -RRB- attention , then it was worth a bit of repetition .
 I went out and bought this game the day it came out because I trusted Will Wright and his high-concept creativity and upon playing for a few hours I am very satisfied . The game is very creative and actually somewhat educational . It is one of the few games out there that can also be considered Art.Now for the extremely sad news . I wish I would have waited a few days and read these reviews on Amazon about the DRM . The game may stop working after a few years ? Are you kidding me ?! EA just bought its ticket to bankruptcy . It 's very sad that a great work of art is going to be harmed by the corporate world 's fear of piracy . And its pretty ironic that such an innovative game about evolution is going to be stifled by an obsolete way of thinking.I hope Will Wright has the balls to speak out about this .
 I am yet another fan who anticipated this game . I got to see an actual game demonstration at Comic-Con and it was brilliant . So I guess if you do n't care about your ability to replay and revisit this game in a couple years , go ahead and buy the game.Otherwise , stay away.I was also looking forward to Mass Effect , but the same Securrom is on both games . I wo n't be buying either until they fix this . As others have pointed out , this does n't prevent piracy ; it only hurts legitimate customers . As sad as it makes me , they 've lost yet another customer . They still have n't fixed Mass Effect , but I hope losses over both games will get them to change . We 'll see , I guess .
 Put simply , the more negative press earned from secuROM -LRB- a totally consumer-abusing DRM system -RRB- , the more publishers will be forced to remove it from their games . This is quite a fun game -LRB- not quite as amazing as I expected -RRB- and I 've enjoyed playing it at my friend 's house - except when it does n't start up because it thinks he does n't own the game that he paid full price for.These restrictions are not ok at all and need to be changed immediately . I will not be purchasing this game until they are .
 I 'm sorry EA , I would most likely have purchased this game if it were n't for your DRM . I hope you learn your lesson on this one .
 I never pirated a game in my life . I own ... but no way could I have a comfortable gaming experience knowing I have spore loaded on my Vista machine with only two reloads left . I already had Vista go south on me once.No thanks EA . I hope more people refuse to buy .
 Pre-ordered the game in July , got it 2 days ago.The is kind of dumb -LRB- I kind of expected more , after all the hype -RRB- , but still fun -LRB- I wonder if it will be as fun 2 months from now -RRB- . But the one star is not about that.It is a message to EA , and others like them
 This whole DRM / secureROM ordeal is pretty rediculous . Honostly , its almost as EA thinks that everyone that buys this game is pirating it . 3 install limits and online activation for a game mostly played OFFLINE ! I update my computer quite a bit , and I reformat it every few months . That 3 limit activation screws over alot of people , and it practically encourages piracy . Why should somoene go through the hastle of activating the game when they can just download a version that has all the BS removed?I loved the sims and im enjoying spore , but after this ordeal and major headache , I regret giving EA my money , and it will be the last time I ever buy one of their games .
 EA came out with a great product here . Unfortunately , the inexcusabely invasive DRM software Securom included with the game makes purchasing it a bad deal . Avoid this until EA changes its policies on DRM .
 `` so my gf and i can play this game at home without overlapping our games/save ? `` yes said EA ... Lo and Behold ! Noooo . not only did EA just rent me a crappy game , they also decided to change their minds -LRB- lie ? -RRB- about the ability to have parallel accounts in the game.what a bunch of BS . i hate EA .
 I love the concept , and l love the scant few minutes I got to play this game on my friends computer , but I researched the DRM and I ca n't buy it myself .
 While not a deep and compelling game , it is certainly entertaining and spurs imagination . The largest drawback really has nothing to do with the game , of course , and instead has to do with the egregious , excessive DRM measures placed on this game which , contrary to its intentions , are only increasing the demand and use of pirated copies . I have a Vista system , and only installing the game , THEN copying the entire contents of the CD -LRB- read
 I purchased this game without any knowledge of the DRM softwre used in the game . There was NO notification of it anywhere during the installation , or on the external box . I am dissapointed.-N .
 This game and all other EA games coming out from here on out come with at Crappy DRM Securom that will screw up your system and limit the amount of times you can install the game . So if you get a new hard drive , video card or any other device then you will be in trouble . Let EA know how stupid they are .
 I did n't really follow this game closely , but I saw a few screenshots here and there that made it look really cool . I thought I 'd be able to find it on steam . Of course , I could n't . Now I hear all this stuff about their DRM . I just wan na play the game :-LRB- I want to pay for it :-LRB- But I want to own it , I do n't want to rent it for full price !
 Until I can BUY a copy that I can install and transfer to my other PC at my choice , I am not buying this game that I really want . EA decided to punish the user to hinder the pirate -- and the pirate is still playing this game and enjoying it a great deal more than those dealing with its horrid DRM .
 EA treats the consumer as an everyday criminal and requires unnecessary software to be installed with this game to make sure you 're using the copy to their standards . To play the game you must enjoy this extra software , you have no option to opt out - why should I pay to be treated like a criminal ?
 The game 's DRM system only allows 3 installs , and will stop working at some point in the future . You are also REQUIRED to have a connection to the internet when it installs.Thus , you are paying $ 50 to rent the game , and are required to install very invasive malware that sends information to EA about you.Why ca n't I just play the game ?
 I bought this game because I felt it would be worth trying . It is certainly polished , and the creature creature is fabulous , but the actual gameplay is lacking . Enough so that I no longer want to own this game.So imagine my surprise when I learn that you only get THREE installs per copy . That means that I 've already used a third of my copy 's potential . I can not , in good conscience , sell this game to someone else . Nor can I do the reformat I was planning on doing this weekend , out of fear of running out of copies too quickly.It 's a good thing this is stopping pirates from ripping off ... wait , what did you say ? Oh , they had pirated copies before the game was even released ? Well , forget this . Why should I buy a game that handcuffs me ?
 Purchased and will be returning . Not only is the DRM a problem , after installation it bogged my internet connection down . After uninstall -LRB- and manual removal of SecuRom -RRB- the connection was back to normal . Reinstalled and had same thing . Tried another installation on 2nd machine and got nailed with more than three installations.I wo n't be calling EA for reactivation , the retailer will be returning the box.The gameplay I did see was just a cutdown RTS . Some innovation but really is n't all that good overall .
 probably one of the most innovative and well-executed games released in the last 20 years , but the ridiculous DRM means that you are either stuck off-line and lose out on the revolutionary MSO -LRB- massively single-player online -RRB- experience , or you rent 3 uses for $ 50 USD.will wright is an undeniable genius and its sad that the evil empire known as EA is prevent his incredible achievement from having higher market penetration .
 I guess all it takes to sell millions of copies of an expensive game is a huge ad budget and a gimmicky idea . Then hold your product in development for several years to build up anticipation and slap some nasty `` copyright software '' onto it so that people think that you 've developed something worth protecting.Too bad they did n't spend as much time trying to make a game WORTH stealing as they spent on `` protecting '' what they made.This `` product '' is Fort Knox with a pile of pig crap in it . Sure glad that pig crap is hard to get to !
 I enjoy Sim games enormously and this game had the potential to be the best one yet . But the DRM just ruins it . I build my own computers and reconfigure them often . Limiting the number of installations to 3 makes the game a non-starter for me.I buy games , not malware bundled with games .
 Beware
 I want to throw my hat in with the other folks who are upset about DRM.I 've followed Spore throughout its development , and not only that , but I 've followed Maxis for 19-odd years -LRB- since I was 7 ! -RRB- and played everything from SimCity to SimAnt to The Sims . After seeing the Spore reviews and what they had accomplished , again making a fantastic `` software toy , '' I knew I wanted to experience it.Unfortunately , it has DRM copy protection , which I would not have realized had I not visited this specific page and seen the hoopla . I was hoping that after the Mass Effect debacle with DRM , they would certainly not include it in Spore . Sadly , it is included , and yes , we will continue to be ticked off.I want us to send a clear message to EA . We do not support `` draconian '' -LRB- to borrow from another reviewer -RRB- copy protection . It ruined Mass Effect for me when I had to install it multiple times due to hardware issues . Before that , I did n't know or care what DRM was , but when it became a huge problem , and I had to meander through extremely slow EA tech support , I found out DRM 's `` features , '' and I swore I 'd never buy another game from EA . I have relented and purchased other EA games since -LRB- on consoles -RRB- , but I will NOT buy a game with DRM copy protection.Which sucks . A lot . Spore is something I really want to try , and it 's killing me since I 've been with Maxis forever , but DRM is a deal-breaker . Sorry , Maxis , but your parent company 's copy protection is too much for me to abide .
 The game is good , but the DRM is bad.Maybe it is a software company 's god given right to put whatever kind of `` protection '' they want on their game and force you to check the little `` I acecpt '' box on the EULA . Of course , what else are you going to do ? Even if you do n't agree with the terms , it 's not like you can return the software to the store if it has been opened.The security on the Spore disc is SecuROM . A little history shows that SecuROM 's company , Sony DADC , has had 3 class action lawsuits filed against them , settled out of court with the Federal Trade Commission regarding rootkits in SecuROM . This was done in January of 2007 , then SecuROM was at it again , installing rootkit software in August of 2007 . In addition to the potential unwanted code installed by SecuROM , Spore 's DRM is particularly onerous as it essentially will just shut you out if you have the occasion to have to reinstall it for a fourth time.Can you imagine any other industry getting away with this?Sorry , your TV will no longer work if you move it into a different room , but you can call up the company and they will turn it on for you after you deal with their ever helpful customer service . Sounds like a good business model to me.The pirates out there who download cracked copies of this game will not be subjected to the limitations , but paying customers will . How is this supposed to stop piracy again ?
 I ca n't support a game that amounts to a rental . Your purchase of this game will eventually expire as you `` evolve '' to using different computers -LRB- or even upgrading your own ! -RRB- . If they re-release this game without the DRM shackles than you should take another look.The central tenant of this game , evolution , is the only interactive feature they got right . Strategy and quest value is nonexistent . Good graphics though . :-RRB- They should talk to their co-workers who make Red Alert to find out how to make good quests . ; -RRB-
 Although Spore is initially quite impressive , given the novelty of such extensive use of user-designed content , the game quickly becomes disappointing . Creature design -LRB- vehicles and buildings also -RRB- is essentially cosmetic , aside from a few minor effects in one stage of the game . The game itself , rather than being a single , coherent experience , is divided into 5 mini games -LRB- stress on mini -RRB- , each of which feels very incomplete . On the second or third time playing through , gameplay becomes very formulaic , like playing solitaire without shuffling . I never expect a game to live up to the hype -LRB- especially this much hype -RRB- but Spore does n't even come close . Maybe Maxis plans to make us buy half a dozen expansions before the game is worth the base $ 50 price -LRB- see Sims -RRB- .
 I 've been waiting for this game for a long time , since I saw teaser videos of it years ago . Those videos showed a truly great game . What have they done in the years between those videos and release ? Apparently , they 've done a great job of wrecking it . As Spore says , `` You may encounter '' : SILLY EVOLUTIONARY LEAPS
 I have been looking forward to this game since I first heard about it and tried out the creature creator . It truly had an amazing potential to be one of the best games ever made , but between dumbing the game down and restrictive DRM , it 's not worth the money . -- The game itself -- The game is very well done with nice graphics , funny and fairly lifelike animations , a nice soundtrack , and a great idea at its core . That said , the game quickly becomes little more than a `` pimp my ride '' sort of game , where the vast majority of the `` evolutions '' you can add to your creature are purely cosmetic -LRB- though they should n't be ! -RRB- . Here are some examples : -LRB- 1 -RRB- In one evolutionary step , you can go from a small creature with one leg , no arms , and insect eyes to a gargantuan 4 legged , 3 armed creature with horns . -LRB- 2 -RRB- More than one leg or arm gives you NO advantage over only having one . One would think that evolving a creature like a panther -LRB- streamlined body , 4 legs -RRB- would be faster than a round creature that hops about on one leg . Well , it 's not . If the leg/foot combination you 're using gives you a +2 speed , then that 's all you get . They do n't add , so additional limbs do n't help . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The above is true for pretty much everything else . You want to spend your DNA points on adding a dozen horns or spikes to your creature ? Great , but it 's no better protected than it would be with only one . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The gameplay revolves around gathering DNA points by either -LRB- a -RRB- making friends with other creatures/tribes or -LRB- b -RRB- killing them . There is n't much variety there , and it gets old really quickly . -LRB- 5 ... -RRB- There are far more examples of the dumbing down that I 'm talking about . Read the other customer reviews for more . -- DRM -- -LRB- 1 -RRB- See all of the other comments on this game . It 's exceptionally restrictive and a real pain for those of us with more than one computer or who use virtual machines for games , or who tend to install/reinstall often . You can install the game exactly 3 times , that 's it . After that , you have to call and beg for another install . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The DRM does n't stop piracy . This game was CRACKED and AVAILABLE on bittorrent sites DAYS before it was actually released in the US ! It only hurts loyal consumers -LRB- 3 -RRB- The activation key for the game -LRB- which can only be used 3 times -RRB- is linked to ONLY ONE online account . That means that my fiancee and I both have to use my account . There are separate `` planets '' we can play on , but all of her creatures and mine are lumped together under my online account . For the record , installing the game and then later trying to have it log into a different spore account -LRB- that does n't have its own associated activation key . . i.e. purchase -RRB- fails . -- Using on a Mac -- The game , which claims to be for Mac as well , is n't truly . What they 've done is package the Windows executable with a framework called `` cider '' -LRB- which is based on the Wine project -RRB- so that it plays on the Mac through a translation layer . This is why the Mac system requirements are higher than on Windows , and why the game is noticeably smoother and faster under Windows on the exact same machine . THIS IS NOT A MAC GAME , and advertising it as such is just false advertising . -- Conclusion -- The game was moderately enjoyable but nothing compared to both the hype and the potential it had to be a remarkable game . I made the mistake of not doing my research about the included DRM before purchasing this game , and now I 'm stuck with it . I intend to try to make Best Buy take it back , but we 'll see if they 'll do that with an opened game.The sad irony here is that had I known this going into the purchase , I would have PIRATED the game instead -LRB- the pirated version removes all of the DRM issues -RRB- .
 Unfortunately , the DRM system used by Spore , SecuROM , has decided from the outset that I am not permitted to play the game . As a software developer , I have a number of programs installed which SecuROM , in its inarguable wisdom , has decided are the scarlet letter C , Cracking Tools . Since I do n't have an entirely separate machine to install Spore on , there 's no way I can play it ... and because of inane policies , I ca n't return it , either.Save yourself the trouble - do n't spend money on this crippled and broken game . It 's unfortunate , because having played Spore on someone else 's -LRB- dedicated gaming -RRB- computer , it is an entertaining and enjoyable experience .
 Spore is a great example of what happens when game developers and publishers start overhyping a game too early in the development cycle . A lot of people saw the videos and gameplay movies from various outlets for the past couple of years , and to say that the final product has been `` streamlined '' is a large understatement.Despite how the game is being marketed , you do not actually take a single-celled `` spore '' and follow it through evolution to an intergalactic species . You actually play five separate simple mini-games each preceded by a creative design stage . You design a cellular creature , then play a Pac-man/fl0w game . You design a creature , then play a hybrid rhythm/evasion game . You design another creature , then play a Sims social game . You design buildings and vehicles , then play a very simplistic realtime strategy game . Finally , you design a spaceship and play a very bad space action game . Each of these mini-games are very repetitive and boring.If you allow your game to connect to the Sporepedia , your universe will be stocked with random creatures and tribes that other users have made . This aspect is pretty neat . It can be fun to see your buddy 's eight-legged walrusarous trying to eat your little guys . Unfortunately , that 's about the extent of the multiplayer since you do n't actually get to visit other people 's games . You just share assets.Although we were told that Spore would be a sandbox of cool user-created content , EA apparently forgot to add the sand . At no point are you afforded the opportunity to fool around and experiment . You are herded through the game 's activities and there is no room for deviation.To add insult to injury , EA decided to add some of the most draconian and user-unfriendly DRM ever seen in a PC game . You only get three installs over the lifetime of the product . Three ! As it stands right now , the torrents are filled with illegal copies of this game , so this DRM will only impact legitimate users . Great job EA !
 Through the first two stages of Spore I 've been very disappointed and so far the game has not even come close to the hype . It 's cute , for sure but overall I 'm left with that same feeling I had after drinking the kool-aid prior to the release of Black & White and Fable.Add to this , EAs customer-hating 3 install DRM and you 've got a real stinker of a product . If I could play the game , uninstall it and pass it on to a friend or sell it the oeverall value proposition would be much greater.As it is now ... MEH .
 This game appeared to have GREAT potential , and EA ruined it with the DRM.I ca n't recommend this game to anyone at all until SecuROM and install limits are no longer included.I will not pay $ 50 to RENT a game . I will not allow something to be installed without my consent that can harm my computer.I will not be treated like a criminal .
 Bought Spore to play on my Macbook ProOnly found out about the DRM after I opened the box and did the 1st install.Now that I opened it , I ca n't return itThere was no mention about the DRM or 3x install imposed outside the box.Had I known about the blasted DRM was in place , I would n't have bought the game in the first place
 I will not be purchasing spore until they remove the install limit . There is no reason to punish the people who are willing to support the games while the people who pirate get a better version of the software and can install as many times as they want . Wake up EA . Gamers can unite and send a clear message to you in the language you understand ; lost revenue .
 I picked up Spore for my Mac , and the game is marginally fun , though I do feel that it is dumbed down from the original hype . The graphics are a bit slow on a Macbook Pro . That is disappointing . I am a big fan of the Civ line and Sim line , and like building new worlds , and I have mixed feelings about the challenges of Spore.But if you like dumbed down games with lots of fun carnivorous activity for wasted hours of simple-minded rapture , then Spore is for you.That being said , I am opposed to the DRM in the game as DRM has gotten restrictive to the point where it is very inconvenient to the user . I am a firm believer in consumer rights and oppose DRM . There that is said .
 I wo n't be buying a game with draconian DRM.Something is very seriously wrong when the pirate releases of your game are/will be easier to use and better.It 's a damn shame .
 I bought and played the full version of the pre-release Creature Creator , and I was really looking forward to SPORE . Electronic Arts , your DRM solution has lost you my sale . I 'm not going to pirate and play the game , and I am not going to buy the game until the SecuROM DRM is removed.I would also appreciate a public apology from Electronic Arts for this ridiculous , useless , and insulting behavior . Way to ruin a fine piece of art , folks ! For the last eight years , the USA has been in the hands of people who are so spiritually weak that they can not apologize for , or even admit , their obvious and tragic blunders . Sick of it , so please EA show a better example.To people complaining about the 1-star reviews from people who have n't bought or played the game
 I loved EA back in it 's heyday - before they became a fat faceless white man behind a desk . Have n't purchased an EA game for over three years and proud of it . This is just another $ 50 they 're not getting from me - or anyone else on this list of reviews it seems :-RRB- Game companies need to find other ways to combat piracy - this type of trash is not how to do it . Down with EA !!!!
 gameplay was nothing special , and whats this about limiting the installs on a game I OWN ?!?!?
 EA Has lost me as a customer . Since when did buying a product mean you cant use it forever . I have had to reformat my hard drive over three times and I do it on a regular basis to have a fresh OS . Now I 'm told that I will no longer be able to do that and install this game over 3 times ??? This is spore , they will make millions off of this game and have no reason to worry about copyright infringement all at the cost of the customers who actually do buy the game.I 'm very frustrated and extremely disappointed .
 I 'm so glad I found out about the DRM before I bought this game . I will not be buying it , as I am strictly opposed to DRM . Let 's be clear about this ; it does NOT prevent pirates from sharing/copying/downloading / etc your game . It only stops normal , law-abiding people from enjoying what could have been a great game . Stop treating your customers like criminals EA . You are losing more business from DRM , then from pirates . Enough said . Moving on to other games from other companies that do n't treat their customers like criminals .
 I picked up the Spore Creature Creator and had a bit of fun with it . It seemed interesting and I was looking forward to the full game . I really wanted to support PC gaming , which has fallen a lot lately -LRB- other than the MMO/WoW gaming sales -RRB- . However , I will not be able to purchase the game . This review is like many of the others on Amazon now . I ca n't purchase a game that has DRM this extensive . It 's not so much a matter of principle as it is a matter of ease of use . For all the consoles I can put my game in the drive tray and just play it . For pc games you must install them . This itself is no problem . But when installation becomes difficult due to DRM , when the company selling the game assumes I 'm going to make copies and send them to all of the internet , I can not support them.And since that DRM is indeed a part of the game experience , I see it as only fair that it be reviewed based on that experience .
 The DRM is obviously evil and need not be further talked about . The game is broken . There are so many bugs that make my computer crash that it is almost unplayable . I have a top of the line computer and for a game to continually crash on me is not acceptable . One wonders whether or not EA has a quality control department .
 One of my sons plays the iPod version of Spore and so we bought the Mac/PC version . Our Mac is less than a year old , but if you read the fine print the full feature set will only run on very new Macs . We then installed it on my Vista PC , which is brand new , with lots of memory and a fast graphics card . It installed OK but kept shutting down . The EA help forum contained a complex set of instructions for running this in Vista Compatibility Mode , but I doubt we 'll bother . I strongly suggest not buying this game until the bugs are worked out .
 I love SimCity and the Sims and was looking forward to this game for a long time . Unfortunately , this game is nothing like the game that we had hoped for . Each of the different phases of the game are interesting , but none of them is worth playing more than one or two times . I 've had the game a week and I 'm already tired of it . It was not worth paying $ 50 for.UPDATE
 Spore 's gameplay is surprisingly simple to the degree of pointlessness . The game 's complexity may be summed up by comparing it to the preschool game of pushing shaped blocks through their corresponding holes . There is really only two ways of completing objectives with the options being either to click the aggressive red button or the sociable green button . Underneath all the charm and humor Spore has to offer , all the activities performed by the player is little more than a long chain of tutorial style gameplay with trivial to no replay value , even for the casual gamer.One of the appeals to the game is watching a creature of the player 's design evolve into an ever growing and increasingly complex civilization . Yet , every stage the player progresses to is another hand holding series of events with a frustratingly rudimentary goal . The creature stage requires the player to accumulate DNA by eating or befriending creatures to progress to the Tribal stage . Likewise , the Tribal stage simply requires the player to find food sources so they can buy buildings that enables them to , again , attack or befriend rival tribes . This is repeated in the Civilization stage wherein the player must create a tank , flying machine , or boat to overwhelm rival cities . There is nothing more to it than creating as many units as possible and spamming the enemy with overwhelming numbers . No strategy , no micromanagement , no economy , no tactical placement , no significant diplomacy , no interesting gameplay , and no real need for the player to perform.Upon reaching the Space stage Spore finally begins to play like a complete game . A large and interesting variety of options are made available to the player . Flying in a star hopping UFO the game offers the promise of sandbox like freedom to explore the cosmos
 Played this game at a friends house , not only is it over hyped but it has crazy DRM restrictions on it designed to kill the resale market . I will not buy this game .
 Ok , I am a VERY casual video game player . I thought this game would be fun to play in short bursts , but this game is ridiculously dull . The best part of the whole game is the creature creator , but that has been available for 1/5th the price of the full game for a few months now . There are very few `` wow ' moments . The only cool part is seeing creatures other people have created inhabiting my earth , really there are some hilarious looking creatures that users have created.I honestly feel they tried to cram so much into a game that they wanted to be easy for all users . Maybe in the future a patch or an expansion -LRB- MORE MONEY -RRB- will fix the dullness of the game , but knowing that this game was made by the same guy who made Sims , there will be a TON of expansions ... -LRB- That is not a good thing -RRB- . About the DRM
 I wanted to love this game , really , I did . But I ca n't . It is so repetitive ... stupid games of Simon Says over and over again to impress creatures , oh look these guys want me to play a flute ... again , dumb . Then you get to the massive space phase with the WORST gaming controls I have ever seen . Flying the space craft is the most bass ackwards thing I have ever seen in a video game . This game was not worth my money . I am sad I bought it .
 I think it 's unfortunate that the DRM issues with the game are somewhat obscuring the fact that it 's just not a very good game overall.The game is basically 5 mediocre games in one.You talk about the new procedural animation / creature generation but that only comes into play really in one phase -LRB- the creature phase -RRB- which was over for me in about 1.5 hours.The mechanics are very easy to exploit and there 's not really a challenge anywhere in the game . The space stage is tedious as hell .
 DRM will ruin your experience . DRM does not make a game safe . It is total BS to pay $ 50 for a game and then be told you can use it only a certain amount of times . I have to reinstall my OS at least once every six months , and I have to upgrade my HD or video or CPU at least once a year . So after 1 year I will have to call EA at my expense and ask if I can please play the game I paid for . What a waste of money . I will * never * buy another EA title with DRM . -LRB- And in case you have n't noticed , Sins of a solar empire had NO copy protection and was the # 1 selling game at the time ... -RRB-
 I HAVE NOT PLAYED THIS GAME.Because I have n't bought it . I do n't agree with the DRM restrictions so I 'm going to live without Spore .
 there is simply no reason to punish honest gamers who wish to support a product .
 The DRM scheme is simply unacceptable . It does not stop piracy at all and in fact seems to encourage it en mass . End result is it only tells legitimate consumers that you are sheep and we can fleece you . Moreover you will not resale the tile and get any money back . This is simply about control of a product after the initial sale and dont believe otherwise.You are a renter or a short term subscriber at best only . You did not think you really purchased anything did you?I loved SimCity and SimEarth but this title has been picked apart to be monetized as much as possible as well as dumbed down for casual and ADD people . It is not the magnum opus of Wil that we all thought we were getting it is simply a revenue stream builder for the EA portfolio .
 I think this game is a blast ... I wish i would 've known about the DRM before I installed it on my laptop as well for the heck of it . There goes 2/3 installs : -LRB-
 It needs to be said
 This game is so simplistic I went from Cell to Space in 3 and 1/2 hours , another hour in and I was ready to take over the galaxy . Not only does it have a sort play time , but the graphics are not even that good , I think they make the screen shots look better then they really are . The game crashes , the DRM is so restrictive that you can only install it 3 times before you have to call the support staff and be talked down to like a pirate . Yeah , EA , go have fun with your little spore DRM world .
 How would you feel if you paid a carpet cleaner to clean your front carpet only to find out that he made copies of all your house keys and could dig around in your drawers as much as he wanted ? What if he also broke your TV while he was there and then kept your copied keys/address on his front porch with a big neon sign saying * CONFIDENTAIL CUSTOMER INFORMATION STORED HERE * . Now added insult to injury when he has nothing but a fence to fend off those that would take your keys and pilfer all your personal belongings?If you 're at all like me , the above questions should alarm you and this is in effect the practice that EA is so recently taken in Spore . What you get is much more then just a game , you also get a bonus of two wonderfully unethical and highly illegal pieces of software I.E. SECUrom and DRM . SECUrom is the extra set of keys to your computer that allows EA to have unrestricted access to all your data and DRM is the limiting registration that only allows you to install Spore 3 times without having to contact EA and jump through hoops . I wo n't get into all the details because other reviewers have done so , but all I can say is this is a clear violation of your right to privacy and constitutes a violation of you inalienable rights . EA , you better buckle in , because the people have spoken and a class action suit is on its way to your front door complements of the people!On the other hand , if you are the type to throw away your freedom for a cookie , then by all means buy this game . I bought it , played it , thought it was fun and then found out that EA is violating my rights . Now I plan on petitioning for a change of practice or legal consequence . Couple all this by the possibility of the `` Malware '' to destroy your hardware and I think you will agree that EA is about due for a sharp decline in share value .
 Was so excited to get this game until I heard about the DRM and SecuRom . Sad state of affairs this is . Time to take that stuff off EA so people that want to buy it actually will .
 I bought the creature maker and was really looking forward to playing the game . I had read that they removed securerom from the final product . It 's disappointing that they did n't , because I was here to buy two copies , one for meSpore Galactic Editionand one for my SOSpore.Please remove the DRM . I really want to give you $ 100 . Please ?
 Maybe I was excited because of the all the hype surrounding this game . I expected more and was severely let down . This game does not have enough to keep me interested beyond a few minutes . This is an example of over doing the marketing.I also had to restore my PC from a ghost image to get rid of the SecureRom DRM virus that this game installs . I will never trust them again .
 Stardock does n't have DRM and they do just fine.Sorry EA , you 're not getting any of my money .
 Why does EA hate their customers?I ca n't get past the DRM .
 DRM makes buying this game the equivalent to a rental , but without the rental price.Once this game gets below $ 20 it might be worth putting up with it , but until then no .
 This review will get lost in the sea of negative reviews based on the DRM , but it 's not going to change the average negative review of this game.DRM aside , the game is just not very good . It 's like a mish-mash of several poorly designed minigames . The best feature about this game is the creativity of the creature creation , which is completely ruined by the fact that certain features and body parts are unbalanced.This game is n't very fun . After about 2 days , I 'm done with it and want to sell it off ... unfortunately , I think I used up 2 licenses when I installed it , so I 'm stuck ith it .
 There have been complaints about reviews on Amazon being written by people who have n't actually played the game but are on an `` Anti-DRM Crusade . '' While I believe these people who talk about the DRM problems of Spore have played the game and have seen the shoddy gameplay of it , I 'll review the game in itself , DRM issues aside.There is one fun , brilliant part about the game , and it takes place in the first thirty minutes of the game . -LRB- Or longer , depending on how obsessive you are about making sure your creature looks just right . -RRB- At the start of the game , you get to make your single cell microbe look however you want , from giving it ten flagella to giving it a mini cyclops eye . The graphics are downright cute , and the noises the single cell creatures make -LRB- as well as the more evolved ones later on in the game -RRB- are priceless . All the `` rarwk `` s and `` grawr `` s give a great silly atmosphere to the game that EA/Maxis is well known for . The first stage of making your microbe float around the primordial soup and eat things plays like a high class arcade game , and is entertaining for the fast paced action of it AND the huge potential it has in how your creature will evolve in future stages.Sadly , this huge potential was left untapped by the creators . After the first stage of the game , and the initial excitement of the second stage , the gameplay takes a huge hit . Spore 's subsequent stages each try to emulate different well established game titles , but they do it on a smaller scale . As a result , you get a mish-mosh of different gameplay styles in each stage that are poorly executed because they are so watered down.For those who have n't played the game and are trying to understand what I mean , here 's an example : Stage 1 of spore is when you 're a microbe trying to eat things and get bigger , so you can evolve . This plays like those arcade games where you 're a little fish trying to eat other fish so you can get bigger and bigger.Stage 2 is when you 've evolved feet and are on land , trying to eat other creatures OR make friends with them so you can evolve . This plays like `` World of Warcraft '' or any other MMO game , where you take on a single creature and run around the map , attacking things or talking to things.Stage 3 is when you become civilized and form a tribe . This plays like `` Starcraft '' or `` Warcraft , '' if those two games had failed miserably during creation . The mouse and keyboard controls are counter-intuitive , the options for gameplay are limited , and it 's just frustrating to be playing a stage that tries to mirror great strategy games like Starcraft but fails in every way.Stage 4 is basically Sid Meir 's `` Civilization '' game , and the stage is even called that ! You can win this stage with an Economic Victory , a Culture Victory , or a Military Victory . Hey , sounds like `` Civilization . '' But wait , it 's not , because like Stage 3 , it 's watery , counter-intuitive , and plays like a bad rip-off of Sid Meir 's masterpiece.Stage 5 is the space stage , which is probably the most fun , if you can slog through the stages before it . You roam around space in a spaceship and get to visit other planets that real people have shaped . Fun , yes , but is this stage alone worth the $ 50 price - tag and the hours of painful gameplay to get there ? I do n't think so.As other people have mentioned , the evolution system is anything but `` evolution . '' Your creature can evolve from a one eyed , two legged giraffe to a fifteen legged , five armed , ten eyed , hippo in one evolution period . But because of the way the stats work , your ten eyed , fifteen legged hippo will be just as slow and see just as well as your one eyed two legged giraffe . Completely unrealistic . And yeah , I know Spore is anything but realistic and that 's the charm of it , but even a fantasy game needs a shred of common sense . And a game that 's so hyped up on creature creation and evolution should at least give a penalty for making a creature with no eyes , and give a reward for making a creature with eyes on their -LSB- ... -RSB- in addition to their head , because ... well ... realistically , the -LSB- ... -RSB- - eye creature would probably be able to evade predators better . ;--RRB- But anyway , juvenile tendencies aside ... This game is n't worth it . If you want to make a cute little creature and have it run around the screen , get Spore Creature Creator . It 's cheaper and it 's basically all that is good about Spore . The game itself is , in my opinion , a waste of money and a waste of time.And yes , the DRM part sucks too . :-P I do n't plan to replay the game though , so it 's not such a big deal for me . I wo n't be able to give it away or sell it though . Hmm ... anybody want to join me for a bonfire tomorrow night ? Bring your Spore disc , manual , and case . And marshmallows .
 Years ago , there was a competitor to DVDs called Digital Video Express , or DIVX . People bought special players to play special movie disks that were cheaper than standard DVDs , but the player had to dial a central computer to allow the disks to play . Sounds like a fun way to spontaneously watch a movie , huh ? That company shut down in 2001 , and its disks no longer play . Fast forward to the present , and we have `` Spore , '' a game which has great -LRB- media -RRB- reviews , and looks like a lot of fun to this casual gamer , only to discover that I have to connect to a special server every time I want to play this game . As a casual gamer , this is not OK . When I enjoy a truly great game , I may bust it out in another few years , and I do n't want to have to worry about if that special server is still in existence.I suppose I could still buy the game , and use the readily available hacks out there on the internet , but instead I think I 'll just skip it or rent it at some point , since it 's basically a rental in the first place . DRM only hurts legitimate customers , and this potential legitimate customer is not purchasing this product .
 I came here with my credit card in hand ready to buy , but after reading the reviews here and seeing that this game has DRM , there is no reason for me to waste my money . Being treated as a thief even though you bought it legally is poor business.I am sure the game is great , but I wo n't give anyone my money if that 's how they are going to treat me .
 I will not purchase Spore until EA changes the Digital Rights Management software .
 I absolutely can not believe I have been waiting impatiently for three years to rent a dumbed-down moron version of what could have been a great game at a cost of $ 50 . EA , Will Wright
 At no time is this game tangibly your own ; it has a ridiculously heavy-handed 3 install limit , meaning you are out of luck if you reformat often or buy new systems . This is on a totally different level than Apple 's Fairplay DRM , which authorizes 5 systems and allows you to change these systems easily . Not to mention the game is far from a true evolution sim ; a modern remake of Sim Earth would have proven much more interesting .
 this game is one of which you might actually want to read the installation agreement , because who knows what the heck EA is putting on your computer with all this DRM garbage .
 I 'm sorry but I have had to restore my Gaming rig twice this year . Once for upgrade and another because Vista is Vista . If I had had Spore then I would be left with only one activation ? I will buy the game once , but not again just to make EA happy .
 DO NOT BUY!EA has become a monstrous force in the video game production market.They seem to think that implementing restrictive controls to their games via DRM will improve their profit margins.Spore has become a tragic example of what DRM can do to a brilliant game.I provide the review of 1 star because it deserves it.I am more tempted then ever to pirate this game . I spent $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to buy the `` special '' version that included bonus features , yet was unable to install the game because our ISP had accidentally disconnected our internet connection.DRM does not reduce piracy ! The pirated version of this game is available and is less troublesome than purchasing the game outright.DRM MUST BE REMOVED FROM VIDEO GAMES !
 I am purchasing a new CPU in the next 2 weeks and was waiting to purchase Spore for it . I just saw a story on Slashdot.org about the DRM flap , and came to check it out . I 'm * certainly * not going to be purchasing the game for my PC now that I know about this , nor will I purchase any of the Spore-related games , for my iPod Touch or my Nintendo DS . We also wo n't purchase Spore for any of our console systems -LRB- Wii or Xbox 360 -RRB- when it comes out for those . In case EA folks think this sort of response is just something from very geeky guys , I 'm a woman , a parent , and I buy tech -- but I wo n't buy from companies with practices like the DRM system for Spore . Our family has 3 laptops and 4 computers . I should n't have to buy multiple copies of a game if I want to play it , then pass it on to my son , daughter , and/or partner . Not to mention , as others already have , the problem of multiple installations of OS 's . My daughter has a PC now , but hopes to get a laptop for the holidays . Do I tell her , `` Oh , you ca n't play this game now , because I will only be able to let you have one of the installation activations , and we 'll have to save that for your laptop . '' No , I tell you what , I * wo n't * be telling her that -- I 'll be making software choices that do n't involve these sorts of restrictions .
 I will not start out by mentioning the DRM , as it has been addressed over 1,000 times on Amazon . I am running Vista 64 and have had numerous crashes on the Space stage . I would also like to mention that this is the only game currently installed on my system , and that I have done a clean install 1 week ago.When the game works , it is enjoyable ... but beware , as I have experienced numerous lockups and crashes in the space stage.Also , I would like to note that if you are running this on Vista , you will have to run this game under your administrator account and in XP Service Pack 2 mode for it to run properly on 64 . This took me a couple of hours to figure out when I first installed the game ... Found it on a message board -LRB- which was not EA 's -RRB- . Between the crashes and the DRM , a game that would be otherwise pretty good , has become a regrettably purchase . I WANT MY MONEY BACK EA !!!!!!
 Well , I hate games that treat you like a criminal with DRM.Install limits are stupid and annoying , especially if you are a power user who rebuilds or reinstalls the OS a few times a year ! Or if you want to play on you notebook and let the kids plays on their PC and play it on your PC . Sure , that sounds like hey , thats only 3 installs ... right ? Well until like I said before , you need to wipe a machine and start over . Anyway , I love the game concept and its potential , but I hope sales fall waaaay short if they keep the DRM the way it is .
 I cancelled my preorder from Best Buy after realizing they left the DRM system in . I for one do n't enjoy calling a company everytime I reformat my computer to reinstall a game that I paid for . I 've installed my copy of Diablo 2 more times than I can count . But for 10 $ the creature creator was great .
 Rarely have I been so disappointed in a game than I was with Spore . It 's neither interesting to play nor even very fun . The graphics remind me of games I played 10 years ago . I expect more from a company that 's given us so many great games . Caveat emptor .
 This is a great game if you have the right computer . We could n't install it on the laptop we had downloaded the game on . It 's unfortunate it needs so much video memory . We exchanged it for the ds game instead .
 This game 's limit of 3 installs means that even though I bought the game now , I 'm holding off on installing it until after I upgrade my computer . If I 'd known about the limit , I would have waited before purchasing it .
 Currently I rate this game bad been following and think the game itself looks like it has great potential . Here is why I rate so low.Cons1 . Ability to play the only way for me to access the Demos or whatever you want to call them is to lower my security settings on my system . Here is my issue with this I did that for Mass Effect giving the benefit of the doubt after it crashed my computer and left files I could n't remove it was easier to wipe my system and lose everything . To me that seems like Malware .2 . 3 Activation limit I upgrade computers and have several of them at my house I just cut down to 4 and am looking to buy another by this My game will be useles before long . I play baldurs gate the original and fallout still these are some of my favorites . Ive reloaded numerous times I fail to see how this helps fight piracy also . If I own a copy of a game Im allowed a backup copy and I belive Im also allowed to get that game as a rom even and play on an emulator . How does 3 activations limit pirating if I pirated an ran out of three activations Id just pirate another This is more of a resell to paying customers package .3 . EA 's buisness practices with there security . They dont label it on there packaging nor put a disclaimer that this Sofware will harm your system and bypass your admin rights to your computer . Also Ive heard not sure but gamers tried a petition to ask EA not to put this DRM on game those people were temporarily banned from the forums and those petitions were deleted not a very customer friendly concept.Pros1 . The concept of the game I love these types of games and this is the most indept game Ive seen . I think if the game works right it would provide hours of play2 . The graphics are outstanding3 . One DRM feature was taken away which is the ten day actiavtion by internet which is great being military we dont see internet in all our locations so this is a nice step in the right direction to not alienate those that are away from the comfort of home.After all is said and done I currently give the game one star for its inability to be played if EA takes a more customer friendly approach and I have no fears of crashing my system then I will boost my rating to reflect improvements but fo now it stays a 1Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsWas this review helpful to you ? YesNoReport this | PermalinkComment Comments -LRB- 8 -RRB- 809 of 900 people found the following review helpful :1.0 out of 5 stars Returning the game ... , September 7 , 2008By SCF `` Software Developer '' -LRB- Portland , OR United States -RRB- - See all my reviewsFun :1.0 out of 5 starsI played with the creature creator a bit and had a good time . I long ago pre-ordered Spore and have not had time to look further into the game as it approaches release . When I finally did , a few days ago , I discovered that they are implementing the absurd SecuROM DRM.I have no interest in paying full price for a game that I will be severely restricted from being able to play at a later point . Presuming installation is flawless , the current restriction to `` three installs '' is something any user will exceed long before their interest in the game does.In my situation , I would be installing it on my desktop and my laptop . I would only ever be playing one of these systems at a time so there would be no violation of the ridiculous EULA most products have . Only one instance would ever be operated simultaneously and only by me , the owner -LRB- well , renter as EA and SecuROM would have it -RRB- . This would mean that as soon as I ever had to reinstall an OS on my desktop or laptop , I 'd be screwed out of the game unless I wanted to buy it again for full price -LRB- and what happens if you want to enjoy the game a few years down the road and re-install it -RRB- ? Think about that for a minute . Even if you never upgrade your hardware or buy a new computer or use a different computer -- how often -LRB- presuming you 're using Windows of course -RRB- do you reinstall your operating system ? And each time , you have to reinstall the game . If you 're an XP user , you 'll probably install the game . Then you 'll upgrade to Vista . That 'll be another install . Two down ; one to go . Then you may need to re-install vista from scratch for any number of miserable reasons . And that will be your third strike . You better hope that you never * ever * need to change or adjust that system for any reason if you like Spore.Imagine applying this to other products . What if you could only watch purchased DVDs on one specific DVD player and once you 've played it on that system , you could never play them on another one . No lending them to your friends . No buying a new player . No watching it on your payer in different rooms . No selling your used DVDs . And if your player dies and you buy a new one , you 'll have to re-purchase the movie . Would n't that be silly ? Perfectly good content that you have physically sitting in your hand that you paid handily for and have every right to own and use ... only ... you do n't own it and ca n't use it.I only wish I had known this sooner . It is already in the process of being shipped so I ca n't cancel the order . Once it arrives , you better believe I 'm going to hand it right back to the UPS driver and tell him I refuse to accept delivery.This is truly unfortunate . I 'm a fan of Will Wright , even if some of his more recent games have not been geared toward the traditional simulation or Sim City fan and have been aimed more at the `` decorate a bedroom and play house '' crowd . I 'd love to give Wright my support . But EA is making that impossible with this ridiculous scheme . I 'm not a thief . Do n't treat me like one.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsWas this review helpful to you ? YesNoReport this | PermalinkComment Comments -LRB- 5 -RRB- 558 of 637 people found the following review helpful :1.0 out of 5 stars Maxis fails to deliver , September 7 , 2008By Shaun Friedle -LRB- England -RRB- - See all my reviews -LRB- REAL NAME -RRB- Fun :3.0 out of 5 starsThe biggest problem with this game is how limited it is compared to what it could be and what I think we were led to believe it would be.Think about how varied animals are in real life , how many different environments they are adapted to live in , how different they are , their size , their biology , their behaviour , their diet , etc.Now look at Spore . There is precisely one environment your creature can live in at a given stage , and that 's the water in cell stage and the temperate land every other stage . There are precisely 3 diets - any vegetation , any meat or both . Customisation is limited to selecting body parts that will allow a few different attack moves , a few different socialisation moves and a few abilities which do n't really matter very much . You can create an animal without arms or legs but the fact the game only provides a single environment which is n't well suited to it and the game also seems to have its idea of what the `` correct '' path for evolution is it 's pretty pointless to do so.Where are the animals which live in the sea , where are the animals that live underground and in caves , where are the birds -LRB- you can glide a short distance , but you 're still essentially a land animal -RRB- , where are the parasites , where are the differences in cold blooded versus hot blooded animals , where is the VARIATION ? Creatures can be made to look different but they are basically all the same with a few inconsequential differences.The second main problem I have is there 's really no evolution by natural selection at all in this game sadly . What features a creature has is not affected in any way by what came before , you can completely remove all features and completely reshape your creature in one fell swoop . The one tiny nod to evolution is the way your creature has behaved at a stage can give it one of three sets of abilities when it moves onto the next stage , but this has nothing to do with its physical characteristics . It 's a shame really since this could have educated children somewhat on how evolution works and in this incarnation it does the exact opposite.I would have given the game 3 stars for sort of having an interesting idea but failing to implement it in any meaningful way , but I 'm going to give it one star for the DRM which has been mentioned in all the other reviews .
 The first alarm was the creature creator . Both the fact that they CHARGED for it , and the fact that it revealed one of the potentially interesting parts of the game to be incredibly dull and pointless . I agree with an earlier review -- it 's disappointing that most of the creature creation is purely cosmetic , and not functional.This is my second -LRB- and LAST -RRB- runin with SecureROM . The first was with BioShock -- it COMPLETELY prevented me from running that game on my PC , even after a reinstall . Technical support was non-existent . Again , with this game , I could not play it on my newer computer . I had to install on an older computer , and even then , I had to use a pristine clean Windows install.Summary
 terrible DRM and pretty basic game play have ruined what could have been an amazing and groundbreaking title . In an era where the console games are taking the lions share of the market , the dyed in the wool PC gamer can really only expect 3-4 great titles per year . Despite the hype though this is n't one of them .
 While Spore fails to hit many of the expectations it created , the game is still somewhat innovative and is fun to play . This is all for naught due to the fact that you can only install the game three times , also leaving you at the mercy of EA 's activation servers . If those servers were to go down , you would be out of luck if you wanted to play the game.I installed this game on my PC , thats one install . I installed it on my laptop , that 's another . That leaves me one install remaining . If I change my hardware configuration and format either platform -LRB- something I do every year or so -RRB- I 'll use up my final install and be forced to pay for the game again.This is simply unacceptable . EA , this is the final straw . No more games from a broken publisher .
 $ 50 to own the game would be nice , but with the current DRM it 's really only a rental .
 I was really excited about this game , until I heard that it came with a DRM system that means that you can only try to install it three times , and then you 're locked out.I just had to deal with a motherboard swap that broke some of my applications and requires a reinstall , so I 'm all too aware of how easy it is to find yourself needing to reinstall things . It is n't even `` three installs a year '' , it 's three total , forever.When companies treat their customers with contempt , they do n't deserve customers . They only way to stop this kind of nonsense is for customers to say `` No '' to games laden with obnoxious DRM .
 Too bad they used lousy DRM from the same people who installed rootkits and other malware .
 Publishers need to cease treating their PAYING customers like criminals . We BUY your products and are not illegally distributing them . dumb drm . makes a fun game just okay now .
 Thanks to EA and its horribly thought out DRM scheme , I have not been able to play SPORE since my first 10 minute test this weekend . I have not been able to reinstall the game after deleting it per the EA support team 's suggestion as I cant get past the DRM test on the fresh install . Thanks EA , but I will no longer rent/buy your games if you insist on this system . I am sure some pirate is happily playing this game while I am typing and staring at my retail box .
 Apparently the video game industry has n't learned a lesson from the experience of the music industry . Treat your customers like crap , and you will suffer the consequences as technology empowers them to make your business irrelevant.The video game industry is headed in the same direction with their draconian copy-protection systems , and the one included with Spore is among the worst . Stay away from this game if you value the security and stability of our computer -LRB- such as it is -RRB- .
 This game sucks . EA sucks . DRM sucks . Seaman for Dreamcast was better than this pile . What a waste of money this game is . Avoid at all costs . People call the Designer of this game -LRB- Will Wright -RRB- a genius , I call him a moron for making this game . Dont buy this game , if you do just know you will only be renting it . This game isnt for hardcore gamers , hence the reason they make it for the PC and the frikkin DS . Stupid game , stupid idea , stupid gameplay , stupid Spore .
 ea are smoking something chronic if they didnt see any kind of reaction to this game . you should be able to give this game a zero star rating for its useless ness .
 I was gon na buy this , but now I wo n't . The DRM madness has to be stopped . I want full ownership of my games . The funny thing is that the DRM was never intended to fight piracy , but to prevent second hand sales . Now people are boycotting the game and not buying it , pirates are happy with their DRMless game downloads , and legal owners are forced to look to the pirates to unlock their legal game copies . Good Job EA you are just causing what you tried to prevent . It is really lame to try to screw your customers like that EA .
 I 've been anxiously waiting about 3 years for spore to come out , and I am so sadly disappointed with this DRM riddled nonsense that EA has released . It makes no sense to me that a company can create a situation where pirated copies of their game are unbelievably more convenient than the original . Looks like I 'll be heading over to bittorrent for this one .
 DRM caused me not to buy this game . EA , please enjoy not getting the money you definitely would have if you had not included this ridiculous install limit .
 Like everyone else it seems I 'll also not be buying this one . The terms of the install are simply too much to overlook . It 's not uncommon for me to reinstall my operating system several times in a given year , which means I 'd burn through my 3 install limit in no time.Very sad that the crippling protection was included in the final version . I had planned to build a new machine just to play this game . Now I have no intention of ever paying for it . EA , you really messed up .
 I understand game companies wanting to try and curb the tide of pirating that is taking money from their pockets , but I fail to see how punishing paying customers will help.I purchased this game knowing full well that the DRM was in place . I installed the game and played it and found that it was far too simplistic for my taste . The game is polished and certainly looks good , but seems unsure as to which audience it is targeting.In the end , I uninstalled the game and formatted the system . I 'd taken an image of the hard drive just before installing the game knowing I 'd likely end up needing to restore it at some point.I ca n't recommend any game -LRB- or any other product -RRB- that uses this type of DRM . Let your wallet do the talking and send EA -LRB- and the rest of the industry -RRB- a message by not making the purchase . You wo n't be missing much .
 If software companies want to battle piracy they need to find a way to do it without affecting their customers , or they will find they have no customers .
 With secuROM and DRM you have to realy ask yourself if you want to pay 50 $ to rent a game ! Its crazy that EA would pull this on the most anticipated game of the year . THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT ARE HURT BY DRM and secuROM ARE THE CONSUMERS . Spore had been placed on the internet illigaly weeks before sept 7 , COPY PROTECTION ON THE RETAIL VERSION OF THE GAME IS IRELIVANT BECAUSE PIRATERS DONT EVEN BOTHER WITH THE RETAIL VERSION < THEY BRIBED SOMEONE AT MAXIS OR EA TO GIVETHEM THE SCORCE FILES OF THE GAME WEEKS BEFORE THE RETAIL RELEASE OF THE GAME . We the consumers are the only ones being hurt in this situation . I belive EA should n't make any profit from this , everyone should boycot the official retail version of this game . Everyone who wants this game should get the pirated verson and give it to everyone they know , then if they like it they should mail the 50 $ directly to Will Right . EA games SHOUD N'T GET A DIME FROM THIS , EA is the bigest jackass in the Industry and they dont deserve to be rewarded for the BS they pull on everyone .
 We 've all heard it , DRM is the dumbest thing ever to be in a game . I do n't know what EA was thinking but they just lost a customer/thousands of customers .
 I 've anticipated this title for a few years now ever since the idea of Spore was strewn about the Internet . Evolution , ingenious game play , poised to be one of the `` classics '' ... big letdown . Thanks for dumbing this down into a stats based game . I appreciate it . Really . NOT . I think I 'll go play something like Pandemic to get my mind off of the idiocy that is EA . At least it wo n't cost me anything , and it 's DRM free .
 I bought and installed this game before knowing they had this blasted DRM software in it . Nowhere during the install did they let you know they were installing the SecuRom DRM that 's always running and that 's near impossible to remove w/o reformatting your drive . BAD EA . That 's just plain underhanded.Now where 's the respect for your customer 's computer EA ? I 'm hearing that even if you uninstall Spore , you ca n't remove the DRM software . So until I reformat my hard drive I have to live with this malware running on my pc ? There 's enough security holes in Windows as is ! BAD EA again!I 'm giving the game 3 stars for fun . Would 've been more , but knowing in the back of my mind all the luggage that came with the game , it drags the overall experience down . What happened to the good ol' days of buying a game and enjoying it for what it is , and not having to worry about big brother watching you while playing it ?
 This game looked awesome , me and my fiancee were so excited to play it when it came out . Then I found out about the DRM . What can I say ? My heart is broken - I love the look of this game but I refuse to bow to the man . Thanks for ruining what could have been the game of the year .
 What a shame . . I was really looking forward to this game ... Will never buy a DRM ` ed product as long as I can help it .
 I played the game some on a friend 's computer , its not that bad ; character customization is somewhat fun in the early stages ; and its an easy waste of a few hours . i hear the later stages is where the real gameplay starts anyway.bad news is , i am not interested in purchasing the game with a limit of 3 installs ; and thankfully the crack has been released already . Maxis ; do n't let EA publish your games ...
 My son and I have been waiting for Spore for a long time ! Now , we can not play this on the same machine using our individual accounts without using up our activations . I regularly rebuild and upgrade my machines , at least annually , and I am simply not interested in dealing with DRM and activations . Windows activations between Boot Camp and VMWare are bad enough , I am not going to put up with `` renting '' a game that will install SecuROM .
 EA
 A friend of mine from abroad had a long discussion on the game and it 's rather outdated DRM tactics . I would gladly purchase this game in full including any future expansions , if they were to remove the pointless DRM service.Somehow I doubt this will ever prevent pirated versions from reaching the greater internet , but it will surely frustrate a valuable customer base and further spur anger in the more tech . savvy community.DRM is just a failed concept , I believe the term is `` defective by design '' , it certainly fitting .
 I had been looking forward to this game all year . But I will not purchase until the DRM is removed . No Sale Here
 I 've been really looking forward to this game for a while , but after these helpful reviews and the DRM situation with EA , I 'll definitely not be buying this game . This punishes the people the bought the game rather than ` piracy ' .
 Thank god walmart was out of this game , because I almost bought it . But when I got back to my office I started reading about all the DRM issues and talking to a friend -LRB- who did get a copy -RRB- about the horror stories he had while installing it . Until the EULA is changed and they take care of some of these install problems , I do n't think I 'll be playing this game at all . Shame shame on you .
 Please tell EA their DRM is unacceptable!Don ' t buy this game.I made the mistake of pre-ordering the game before it was released.I wo n't ever do that again with another EA PC game!The game runs very slow because it installs spyware that activates on start-up . EA added a limit of three PC account limit similar to iTunes , but you have to have internet access to install and start the game each time.I installed the game on a laptop and tried to play the game where there was n't any WiFi and was n't even allowed to play the game I purchased!Beyond all of that , the game only has 5 levels which feel like 5 different arcade games thrown together . After 4 years in development , this game should have better quality . It looks very unpolished.Its a complete dissapointment !
 This game has an interesting concept and I was looking forward to buying it until they revealed the details of their DRM scheme . So they 've basically made it not a purchase , and every time I loaded it up it 'd be a reminder of how little the company thinks of me and how happy they are to risk the stability of my computer to punish the people who decide to buy their products . I guess I 'll just have to skip this one .
 I had high hopes for this game . While creating creatures is entertaining for awhile , the fact that you ca n't combine multiple features with the same stat to increase that stat killed it for me . `` I want a creature that bites hard . Guess I 'll take the one +5 Bite mouth . '' Maxxing your stats kills all creativity.Plus , to me , the game became dreadfully boring once I hit the Tribal stage .
 Listen to the other reviewers and say no to Spore . Do not pay $ 50 to - rent - a game that installs a virus on your machine . Even if you uninstall the game there is no way to uninstall the root-kit short of reformatting.Having hardware issues and need to reinstall more than 4 times ? Of course EA will help you ... after you hand them - another - $ 50 . This is completely unacceptable . I 'm not going to pay $ 50 to be treated like a criminal . Your DRM is garbage and I do not want your spyware on my PC .
 I played the game at PAX 08 and it was a ton of fun . I had to wait in line for 45 minutes to get my chance . The game was awesome and great fun.Unfortunately EA has decided to use SecurROM again . I had some serious trouble with this DRM when I experienced it for the first time in BioShock . It had limited installs as well but you could get an install back if you uninstalled the game -LRB- correctly -RRB- . I ran into some computer problems and ended up losing all my installs due to a flaky hard drive . It was such a headache to get it working again , calling support , proving I actually owned a copy , etc.The result is that SecurROM and I have ended our relationship permanently . I ca n't bring myself to play any game that uses it , no matter how good the game may be.You may not have the same experience as me , and I hope you do n't , but if you do ... :-RRB- I told you so .
 I received the game this morning -LRB- 09-08-08 -RRB- and have been unable complete the registration process . Game claims the registration servers are down . This is just great , EA has my money , sucker that I am but I 'm unable to even start the game due to Their problem.My advise is not to waste your money , avoid this game for now .
 I bought this game at a local shop . There was no mention on the packaging that I could only install it three times . Basically this is a rental , not a product . Never mind that it 's illegal for them to do this in Australia - it 's against Australian consumer law . I get the impression that the publisher does n't give a hoot about their customers or the law.I 'm very angry . I feel that I 've been cheated out of the $ 100 it costs to buy the game here . I 'll be lodging a complaint with our government consumer affairs organisation .
 DO NOT BUY SPORE ! Download a pirated copy!Like a fool I bought Spore before reading the reviews here . Now I 've got a game that , because of the DRM , I ca n't really play . The DRM thinks my registration code -LRB- the one that 's in the box -RRB- is n't valid , and no matter how many times I enter it I ca n't access any of the Spore stuff online . I 've tried reinstalling it , but now I 've hit the `` 3 install limit '' and ca n't install it any more . Meanwhile , several people I know who downloaded pirated copies of Spore are having a lot of fun playing and exploiting all of the on-line features.So do n't make the same mistake I made . Do n't pay for Spore , you 'll only get burned . Download a pirated copy , it 's the only way to play the game .
 Spore is a perfect example of how evil EA really is , if you need an example what 's wrong with today 's PC game industry then take a look at Spore and what EA is doing ... shame
 I was really looking forward to this game -- enough so that I was going to purchase a new system just to play it . However , after hearing about the severe DRM that Electronic Arts decided to saddle the game with I ca n't , in good faith , purchase this product . Rather than treat me like a cherished customer I 'm being treated like a potential criminal . This is really offensive ! I 'll be more than happy to purchase EA games when they decide to treat me with respect and un-DRM their software . Until then , no thanks .
 I purchased Spore for the PC yesterday -LRB- Sunday -RRB- , planning to install after work today -LRB- Monday -RRB- . After reading about the DRM issue and the limitation on the number of installs , I am hunting for my receipt to return it . Thank goodness I have n't opened the package yet!Had I known about the additional restrictions , I would never have bought it . Period.I stopped purchasing anything from Sony following their unethical use of spyware . Now , EA has been added to the list . I bought this specifically because it is a one player , solo game . Once EA has my money , there is no reason for them to be hassling me over how I use it.Little word to the wise for EA
 As others have stated , this game features a 3 install limit . I refuse to support any publisher that treats me like a thief after they 've taken my $ 50 . DRM only hurts paying customers . And I 'll be happy to take my money and give it to StarDock , who does n't pull these kinds of scams .
 Spore is nothing like what it was advertised to be , crippled with DRM so that you can not install it more than 3 times.In addition , the game that does exist , is fun for maybe 3 hours until you get to the space stage -LRB- which is dreadful and poorly designed -RRB- . Hope you remembered to save , because there is no autosave , and the game crashes regularly .
 My friend bought this game and said the DRM was a huge pain . I 've been screwed by bad DRM in the past -LRB- unable to play games I bought -RRB- and I would n't get this game until they fix it . You have to call them and prove you bought it before you can play .
 I have been looking forward to Spore for a long time now , following the hype . But , as everyone before me has mentioned , the DRM and the other `` big brother '' tactics of EA have blown it for me . I will not spend money on and thus lend credence to these shady business practices . Once again EA ruins a game . Good going !
 Unfortunately this game is distributed crippled by draconian DRM restrictions . As a result I have cancelled my preorder and will not be purchasing it .
 I had been looking forward to buying this game but the DRM is a deal breaker . I probably reformat my hard drive three times a year for one reason or another . And then I 'm expected to beg for another install ? It 's not like these license servers last forever either . Look at what just happened to Yahoo and Microsoft music . When it is no longer profitable the end user always gets left holding the bag . Either you 're selling me the game or not EA . You ca n't have it both ways .
 While paying full price you only get limited activations and a forced installation of Securom.Another example of legitimate users getting the short end of the stick -LRB- and experience , since after 3 installations the easiest way to continue playing is to crack the game ! -RRB- .
 This is a great game , do n't get me wrong ; Will Wright is a genius and Spore is the culmination of his greatest vision yet . But I do n't want you to buy it . The reason is that EA and other companies like them must be sent a message , and refusing to buy their games , especially the high-profile ones , is the best way to get it across . Digital Restrictions Management schemes that could very easily remove the ability of the customer to play a game they have legitimately purchased while posing almost no difficulty whatsoever to pirates must stop . I 'm not going to ask you to pirate this game or any other , but please , please do not buy it .
 Spore is a could have been great game.Sometimes a production team is having so much fun with designing a product that they forget to make the product . Then production reminds them that they have to ship something . So the team ships something . Spore seems be one of those products . Spore is 5 games in one . The first 3 are short pre-school games . The 4th game is a simple and short world conquest game . The 5th game is a galactic lackey game . This is the big game and all you really get from the first 4 games are icons for the 5th game . You are the pilot of a space ship and you fly around doing all the work and earning all the money so the home world can have a empire . To make it even less fun , the more you grow your empire , the more the game nags you with BS.Better games are out there .
 For a game thats been in development for several years it turned out to be quite ho-hum . The first stage had me feeling like I was playing Pac-man without walls , the second stage I felt like I was playing Simon-says . The list goes on , each evolutionary stage is a watered down mini-game of a different genre . It really does get boring fast and that is quite disappointing since I was hoping for more from the man who brought us the endless Sims world . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I run a NON-DRM os , everything about it is anti-DRM , so I simply wo n't play this game . DRM is for SUCKERS , period , it 's kinda a no brainer here.DRM = RENTING . imagine buying a house , with so many covanants and home owners assocation rules that you ca n't even park your car in the driveway at night.Well that 's what DRM is , RULES implied onto your game . . now do n't think these rules do n't change the gameplay at all . because just to play it . you must adhere to the rules.Infact . . DRM stands for Digital RIGHTS management.First off , Digitally , I didnt know I required my rights managed . . OH wait , the rights are legality rights , FOR the owner of the software patents , that means , the software your running , is being electronically monitored.Sorry , if I wanted COPS running around my PC just so I can play a game , I 'd rather not play it.SAY NO TO DRM NOW before this crap gets out of hand.Btw . if I wanted to rent a game , I would go to blockbuster and pay a few bucks and do it . I would n't do it with PC games I BUY at the store.EA needs to wake up.DRM is for commercial software/high end stuff . not games . . it 's called it a `` DONGLE '' or a `` HARDWARE KEY ''
 I am extremely disappointed with this game . All five mini games are boring and extremely repetitive.However , the design tools are very fun to use . It is easy to waste hours designing creatures or vehicles.The game itself is a complete failure , but hopefully someone will license their engine and actually make a game worth playing .
 All the fuss about the DRM is just hiding the fact that this game offers little in the way of real fun . The first 4 stages are over very quickly , and if you try to extend them by looking for all the things you can get , it just gets repetitive and boring . The space stage is just frustrating as heck ... the game gives you very little instruction on what to do , and if you miss it , there seems to be no way to find out . It 's very easy to tick off a hostile space empire and if you do , you 'll be doing nothing but fending off attacks on your homeworld , and getting killed , over , and over , and over . Fighting those spaceships is a pain too , as they 're constantly moving small targets that you have to hit with your mouse while also flying your ship.And , unless you 're careful to save your game every time you leave a planet -LRB- you ca n't save while on one ! -RRB- , you 're more likely than not to just have the whole game crash , taking your meagre progress with it .
 I 've been looking forward to this game for many years now , ever since hearing about it at GDC . I 've played it now for 2 days and have run into three bugs , one is serious enough that I would have classified it as severity A. Upon starting the creature phase my nest spawned underwater . Every attempt to get onto land resulted in a big critter appearing out of nowhere and eating my creature . Had to restart to get around that . In addition to that I had an unhandled exception error when I closed it after playing the first session -LRB- this is on OS X -RRB- . Finally , I 've heard audio stuttering glitches . For a game that EA is touting as a franchise that will be a key part of their lineup for years to come you would have thought that they 'd shaken all these out before shipping . Considering how long it was delayed , you 'd really think that they 'd have the time .
 I played this game once through and experienced all their was to see . I thought this game would be like civilization but it was more like and overnight game . The games focus is all about custom user content and unique , yet simple , game play . It was interesting but I have buyers remorse . This game should have been $ 20 max . Also it has DRM protection with LIMITED installs . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Thanks to EA , to run this game I have to install virus DRM that wo n't let me reinstall it should I ever need to format my drive or upgrade my computer . It 's useless and treats paying customers like a common criminal . It does n't matter how fun the game is if you ca n't actually use it.Bad form .
 I was fully intended to purchase this game and did until the dam DRM just ruined everything good about the game . DRM sucks EA needs to get their head on straight .
 I will boycott your products . I do n't care how good they are anymore . congratulations , jerks .
 I have been waiting a long time to buy this game and play it ... It looks like a blast ! Buuuuuut , because of the DRM I will not be purchasing it until EA removes it . DRM is ridiculous and I am not willing to pay $ 50 for a game that will be rendered useless after 3 activations . Ridiculous .
 And PC game publishers wonder why PC gaming is dying and consoles are taking over ... Nice bone-headed move , EA . Nice ... I have been really looking forward to this one , and now I come here and see the flood of angry protests over what looks to be only a mediocre game and DRM added on as a slap in the face to all your customers.No thanks .
 Since installing this game , Windows Vista keeps telling me I do not have a Virus Scanner installed . I have the latest version of McAfee and Vista correctly identified it until I installed this game . I have read on several blogs that this is a known issue with the software EA uses to protect the game .
 I bought this game and put it on my laptop but it did not play smooth so I installed it on my computer . I then had bought a new hard drive and OS for my computer so i formatted and reinstalled vista then SPORE was fine until I found out I hated Vista so back to XP I went , and wait now I can not play my game that I paid for.I have had it with DRM and refuse to buy any DRM games in the future.Stay away from DRM and Vote with your wallet !
 this game does n't deliver on the many promises made to gamers during its development . it is just a knockoff of five games in one . the first phase is just like the game flow . the second phase is a dumbed-down MMO . the third phase is a very simplistic RTS . the fourth phase is a real-time version of Civilization . the last phase is a lot like star control ii.evolution in this game is not driven by the engine at all ; a player can just change his creature however he wants , with no repercussions . i was hoping for more realism.the game only lets you install it three times before ceasing to work . this is terrible DRM and i wo n't stand for it .
 Looks like a neat game but it requires the disk to be in the drive to play . This requires compact laptop users to carry both the disk and an external drive to play the game on the road . Not worth it .
 A great game limited by only three installations , because since you legally bought the game , EA assumes that you stole it - after installing the game 3 times , you will need a time consuming permission request to install and play the game further .
 after buying the 79 $ `` galatic version , I dioscover that EA thinks im a thief . How could I possible have the temerity to want to intall the game on my computer . . btw
 I was just about to buy this game . I was very excited and had long awaited for its release . However , I will not install invasive software on my computer and I will not agree to abusive terms of service . What a disappointment .
 I 've been looking forward to this game for months , and had the money put aside for it . Seriously , I 've been ready with cash literally in hand . Now that I read about the DRM , I will not buy it . Period .
 A great game ? Who cares ! A kick to the teeth is all you need to pay to find out . Well , that and :50 bux
 I would have given it 2 stars for being a sub-average game . But the drm just kicked it down to 1 . You spend around 15 minutes playing a little pointless minigame , then you get on land where you wander around without a real sense of direction.The game tries to be an RTS and RPG at the same time , and brutally fails at bothIt really should say on the page
 First of all , here 's a QFT : `` See those older 5-star reviews from 2006 -LRB- two years before the game was released -RRB- ? Well , they had a reason to be excited . Spore was supposed to be a revolutionary experience , combining multiple genres while concentrating on evolution and genetics.Fast forward two years and here we have the finished product , ready to be installed on our hard drives.First of all , the game incorporates a draconian DRM system that requires you to activate over the internet , and limits you to a grand total of 3 activations . If you reach that limit , then you 'll have to call EA in order to add one extra activation . That 's not as simple as it sounds , since when you reach that point EA will assume that you , the paying customer , are a filthy pirating thief . You will need to provide proof of purchase , reasons why the limit was reached , etc , etc -LRB- it has all happened before with another recent EA product , Mass Effect -RRB- . EA , of course , is not obligated to grant you that extra activation or even provide that service . In a couple of years they might very well even shut down the general activation servers , because `` it 's not financially feasible '' to keep them running . What you will be left with is a nice , colorful $ 50 coaster . And you will be required to pay for another copy/license if you want to continue playing.This basically means that you are actually RENTING the game , instead of owning it . The game WILL stop to function in the future . That 's inevitable , because even if EA keeps the activation servers going , there IS going to be a time when EA will simply cease to exist because of financial issues or federal laws -LRB- like most businesses eventually do -RRB- . Second , the game was dumbed down to oblivion . Evolution does n't even matter anymore . For example , you can add as many legs to a creature as you want , but the multi-legged creature wo n't be any faster than a single-legged one with higher leg stats . This gameplay element makes `` creating '' your creatures entirely pointless -LRB- cosmetic only , because everything is based on stats -RRB- , and brings you about the same amount of excitement as dressing up a plastic doll . `` This review sums it up for me . I will never purchase an EA title ever again . Even if they cease this DRM nonsense and apologize , it 's the fact that they - as a company - made the corporate decision to treat their customers this way . It is unforgivable . Furthermore , I shall make it the focus of my remaining years to see that awareness of EA 's trickery is spread and folks are educated about this deviousness .
 I bought the game , I think it 's important to note that people are also upset because this licensing model is not industry standard and certainly was not the expected experience.There is a big difference between `` one registration per game '' -LSB- which is designed to cut back on reselling the game -RSB- and `` only one screen name/persona '' per game.What EA has effectively done is license the product to the individual person and not the machine . It 's along the same lines as saying `` you need to purchase one game for each member of your household '' even if you only use one computer.I have both boxes in front of me and the creature creator box also says `` only one registration available per game '' - yet it supported multiple profiles / sub accounts . . Let 's talk about the manual , as the wording in the manual is consistent with an informational hint rather than a warning - so I personally doubt very much that this was a world-wide misprint and I believe it was a feature pulled at the last minute to prevent the resale of the product.This was not made abundantly clear and had any of us that are complaining -LSB- world-wide -RSB- known this - we probably would have exercised our right to not purchase the product.The bottom line is , we should be able to install the game on our PC and any user of the PC should be able to enjoy the game to it 's full extent.My wife and I looked forward to playing this game -LSB- in turns , on one computer -RSB- - each expecting to have our own game data , including achievements . It 's that simple ... We bought something and now we feel cheated.I will not buy software that requires licenses for each member of my household unless it 's something we plan to play at the same time on separate computers -LSB- which is not the case here -RSB- . This model of paying for multiple licenses on a single computer is just not acceptable and I will not buy future EA software if this is the case .
 For those of you whining about how it 's unfair for those of us who have not purchased the game and reviewing it for DRM , have you never heard of peaceful protest ? Customers refused to tolerate DRM on music and it is slowly going away -LRB- in thanks to sites like Amazon who offer DRM free downloads for reasonable prices -RRB- . If customers refuse to purchase a product due to DRM then so be it , it is our right to do so . I pre-ordered the expanded version of Spore and was looking forward to it but cancelled due to the DRM flack -LRB- for the record , I read about the DRM saga elsewhere about a month ago and cancelled my pre-order -RRB- . I wonder how many sales EA is missing out on due to this problem ? From the looks of it , I would say they are losing out on a significant amount of money now and every time they release an expansion pack for the game . Hope it hits the bottom line , hard . Maybe they will re-think the DRM next time out .
 It is good to see people giving there honest reviews and saying what they feel . Although the game looks great I am one person who believes in protesting . If more and more people said `` NO '' and refused to buy games from EA and their counter productive measures Companies would realize they need to change their tactics . The fact is these companies know that no matter what they do people will continue to take it in the shorts and buy their games instead of protest it and say No we will not tolerate this.It 's like anything keep feeding the virus and it will continue to grow bigger and stronger . Unfortunately EA has a bunch of great games under their name but I REFUSE to buy them and will buy from other game vendors ONLY . Anyone ever try to get ahold of EA by phone ? I rest my case.Please review previous reviews in the same time frame to understand what my review is about with EA .
 If you like installing a game , and having it install a copy protection program which will remain on your computer long after you uninstall the game -LRB- you have to reformat the hard drive to get rid of it -RRB- , Spore is for you.The game itself is decent , and it 's broken up into five stages . The first is trivial , but since the game is new to the player , it 's not awful . Stage two is either a lame `` simon says '' program , or a trivially simple mini combat game . After that , the game becomes a fairly average RTS . In Spore , you get to choose parts for your creature , then dress them up , then choose the look of buildings and vehicles . None of it is terrible , none of it is the great new thing many people expected . Gameplay is safe , some fun , but nothing exciting.Which makes Spore an overpriced , fairly average , Real-Time-Strategy game with pretty pictures and an offensive Digital Rights Management tool which you might see mentioned elsewhere in the reviews . Spore 's copyright scheme reminds me of a guy who parks a totally ordinary sports car diagonally across two spaces because he thinks it 's the greatest thing there is.This is not a Mazis , excuse me , Maxis , game which you can expect to be playing years from now . Not quite Snore . Not quite special . One parking space would have been plenty .
 `` Buying '' this product means that Electronic Arts will allow you to install this game three times . After you have installed the game a total of three times , the game disc is rendered useless -LRB- indeed it is n't even used to play the game -RRB- and you are no longer allowed to install the game . $ 50 , three installs , welcome to the millennium.The gameplay is at first very enthralling , however upon any subsequent play-throughs you will quickly find each of the phases to be painfully transparent , boring , and lacking any depth . I have played free flash games that had more replay value than this game . It is as if the designers spent all of their time creating the creature and building editors , and then realized at the last minute that they had forgotten to program a game to put the editors into , and threw it together at the last minute.If all of that is n't enough to dissuade you , realize that in all likelyhood , Electronic Arts will attempt to capitalize on this game 's `` monetization opportunities '' -LRB- actual quote -RRB- . This means that instead of patching and improving the game you purchased -LRB- read
 As aperson who has sevrel computers I ca n't install it more than 3 times!I do n't even have Internet where I go to school ... so I need to take my Desktp to other place just to activate it !!! Some of my friends simply choose the easy way ...
 I waited a long time for this game but , because of the ridiculous DRM problem , I guess that I will have to go without . Saved myself $ 50 . Thanks EA .
 Spore is simplistic , shallow , unchallenging -LRB- even on hard -RRB- , and a massive disappointment.Easily the most disappointing game I have ever played . I have followed Maxis since SimCity for Nintendo and the PC . I 've played almost every Maxis game ever released , and have personally purchased 5 copies of The Sims for myself and friends , not including the various expansion packs . This game simply does n't compare.Other than the creature creator which is incredible , Spore is like playing the Sims with a prebuilt house you cant enter . Or SimCity with only residential zoning . It 's simply incomplete and shallow .
 My husband & kids were looking forward to getting Spore as a Christmas present . Unfortunately due to the invasive nature of the latest SecuROM we wo n't be buying . I see no point in being required to connect to the internet to play a computer game that is n't played online , besides the kids gaming computer is not connected to the internet.I 'm not at all happy that EA continues to force this DRM on us when according to articles , it has n't done much to stop the software pirates . All it does is punish the paying customer . So I 'll find my family a game that is n't so draconian with it 's copyright protection software . The same goes for Sims 3 . I 've been a long time Sims fan , but if it has this garbage on it I 'm not touching it .
 people rating this game at one start because of the DRM are silly . The DRM is the LEAST of the problem . The problem is the game itself.The game looks great during about first 15 minutes of play . As soon as you get to creature stage and do the charming/killing 3-4 times you realize that you were cheated . You can find flash web games that have more depth . This game is incredibly shallow , stupid , repetitive and just horribly boring.I managed to get to the civilization state by literally forcing myself to play . I did that because i heard that it is more complex . After 5 minutes i civ stage I said thats it and hit that uninstall button.I gave the game to a 10 years old game , thinking that she would love it . She loved sims . suprise , she said this game is too stupid for her . She said `` it is nothing just eat , kill , eat , kill the same all the time '' . And gues what , she was right!the reason I gave two stars
 When I first heard of Spore I was very excited because all of the reviews had been positive praising the games ability to let the user evolve the creature , and also sculpt huge empires . I was hugely disappointed when I played the game . My favorite games in the past have been the Age of Empires series as well as the Civilization series . When I heard of sculpting an empire and having your own creatures living inside of it I was absolutely pulled into the huge net that EA and Will Wright had spun . The truth is , you have little `` science '' involved in making your creature , and once you advance to the civilization stage you have no interaction with your creature at all . What I had wished for was to remain a god like figure during the entire game , but in the last stage -LRB- space -RRB- I found I was taking orders from my own creatures who would then give e 6 minutes to scan an area of over 100 stars travel to the planets and retrieve spice ? Although the graphics were great the game play was childish , and I feel that I have been robbed of my complete experience.Over the course of Spore , one must evolve their creature through five different stages in order to take over the galaxy .1 . -RRB- Cell2 . -RRB- Creature3 . -RRB- Tribal4 . -RRB- Civilization5 . -RRB- SpaceThe cell portion of the game simply involved my amoeba floating around while pressing one button to move forward . This allowed me to eat much like Pacman . This section reminded of the little kids playing some Sponge bob game in the apple store . This game was advertised to take 10 hours ; I collected all of the body parts , and ate enough food in about 20 minutes . For the first half it was actually rather addicting yet it became a repetitive task . In this section the evolution seemed quite accurate . You had to choose between carnivorous or herbivorous , and had to make sacrifices for speed and defense . The graphics were stunning . The water rippled with each move . Smaller creatures jumped out of my way and screamed in little voice , while bigger creatures slowly lumbered by me . One thing that was rather confusing was the fact that one cold die , and be reborn instantaneously with no penalty . After beating this section I went back to play it again just for kicks , and found that it had lost all of its appeal.The creature part was the longest more boring part of the game . In terms of evolution , it was also the most unrealistic . I had to take my creature , run him around the screen meeting other creatures , which led me into two options ; combat or befriend . You have two options to befriend , dance or sing which are both illogical , hurt my ears during the high pitch singing , and did n't serve a function . The rudiments of the game were to accumulate as many DNA points as possible in order to give your creature the best chance of survival . With your creature being able to instantaneously revive , and having no gains as a result of peaceful negotiations I was forced to hunt . This ended taking me 3 hours because a creature called the `` Epic Mk31 '' always was next to me when I respawned and killed me . When I tried to evolve my creature I noticed that it still had all of the options for herbivorous open , yet I was clearly a carnivore . Simple things like these and having to switch nests for no apparent reason built up my frustration , and I was relieved when I finally finished the section . The graphics and sound were great once again , yet the overly simplistic game play , little depth , and unrealistic evolution led to me feeling cheated.It is worth noting here that once you leave your creature era you have no control over how you creature will look ever again . Looking at the history flow chart there is about 5 million years between the creature and the space , yet my creature still has never changed his looks . This game also pulls many corny moments out of movies like in the movie Space Odyssey , when the monkey has the stick . This hardly drew a chuckle , and led me to believe that that was aimed at parents who were helping their 6 year olds play the game . The difficultly with the creature creator should also be noted . I call myself a fairly adept person on the computer , yet even with the `` new graphics core engine '' in the game the tail on my creature would shoot straight through my creatures body while walking . I liked the look while it was standing still yet I had to change it for when it was walking.The tribal stage was a repeat of the difficulty and the amount of time of the cell age . My experience of building an empire was confined to 12 villagers that went hungry every two minutes , even passing out in combat , as well as equipping them with stone axes which did no additional damage then the fists they were using before . This time was actually my favorite as it was fast paced and was much like age of empires . At this stage though you lose all control your creatures bodily form , and instead give it apparel such as goggles or a hat . WOW COOL ! -LRB- sarcastic -RRB- This stage is also set in RTS , which made it fun too . Sadly I was forced to move on too the Civilization stage.Civilization for me was basically making a vehicle and slowly waiting for it to kill every house then slowly convert the city . Minus the convert time this also probably took me 30 minutes . The process of designing your houses , and ships could be really fun if you are a graphic designer , but for the average Joes it was a gruesome and arduous task with no quick build function . The other civilizations on the map put up no resistance and once again I was off into another level , with my hopes of this game smashed.I had the highest hopes for the space age . Everything that EA had advertised about the space age seemed to be the pinnacle of the game . I was cast into the game quickly making a space ship , then a box popped up . It was my creature speaking to me telling me that I had to go to some random planet to do a mission . Wait ... . When did I become a chore boy ? I pressed on thinking that this was some kind of `` initiation '' and I quickly did the task . Soon afterwards he gave me the options of 3 more quest , and I realized that this is what the end of Spore is . It was supposed to have an open-ended story line yet I was thrust into the world of carting around different animals I had abducted in order to get into the favor of some random emperor . One more thing . Your ship requires energy , which means that every 5 minutes you have to go back to your home world to charge for free , or go to some other empire and charge up for half of the money you have . At this point I quit the game , and I have n't played it since.To me , Spore is a huge let down . I fell into EA 's scams , and I learned the lesson of waiting for things to get reviewed by fans like me , and not letting some multi-billion dollar corporation convince me to get a shallow game just so they can make a quick buck . Although the graphics were amazing , the game had true potential yet Will Wright , and his development team screwed it all up creating a game that a kindergartener could master without ever reading the instructions . I feel cheated , and I want my money back , but because of the DRM no one will ever take it since I have used one of the installs , and the game is registered under my name . Thanks a lot EA.Graphics
 As I 'm sure many , many people have lamented , I too am a victim of EA 's punishing the legitimate buyer while the hackers thumb their collective nose at them.I waited to install Spore on my laptop while I was at work . We 're a little slow right now , so it was a perfect opportunity to bring in the laptop and play some Spore today . The installation went fine ... Only one problem
 I have never been so excited about a game before , and this one let me down . If you had been watching the videos about spore over the last year or two , you would be surprised to see that Maxis cut out a ton of game play features that they originally intended to include . The most obvious to me was when there was no aquatic creature phase.One of the first demos I saw clearly showed a cell creature evolving into a fish type creature -LRB- which makes sense -RRB- . In the final version , you evolve from a cell , and go straight to land . So somehow , in one amazing feat of evolution , you change from a microscopic cell to a full grown creature with legs . Hmmmmmm ... doesnt seem right , and throws off the flow of the game.This highlights another key problem with the game . It is too fast . It could easily take 10 maybe 20 times longer to beat before it would seem like a reasonable amount of gameplay . I reached the space stage within a few hours of installation . It is too fast , it cut too much , and I was hoping for a lot more!I would write more , but I think I am going to play Starcraft . It may be decades old , but it is still much better than Spore .
 I 've been following this game for two years , waiting for its release , checking in to see how much longer I have and even convincing my friends they should also buy it and downloaded the trial creature creator.I 'm glad now that I read these reviews , I had no idea such a thing like DRM existed , much less that it would be on this game and now that I know - it takes all of the fun out of buying it . I wo n't pay 50 to 80 dollars to rent a game and , unfortunately , that is what I would have to do . If my computer crashes , if I switch hardware or install it on my desk and laptop ; there are many things that would cause me to quickly lose my ability to reinstall it . The fact that even if I really enjoy this game , love it and play it all the time , I will only be able to realistically for a few years before it will be useless . That 's not an investment.Sadly I am also a huge fan of the sims and I worry , will the Sims 3 be like this as well ? Will I have to give up a game I have played since middle school -LRB- I 'm now in college -RRB- because I simply ca n't afford and are n't willing to purchase a 3-time game and its expansions?Thank you reviewers for posting your information and allowing me to know if I 'm making a great mistake and Amazon for allowing us to review.Lupus
 Note thast with EA 's license you are not purchasing a copy , rather the right to install this game three times . As hard disks fail and so forth , this is really an expensive rent game than software you purchase and own .
 I loved the Cell Stage and Creature Stage , enjoying RPGs most out of all games I play . However , the Cell Stage was too short . The game play in the Creature Stage was a little repetitive , and half the stuff you slap on your creature does n't do anything to improve stats , but I felt like growing my little creature and making him look however I wanted made me emotionally invested in the game . Unfortunately these parts of the game are over in under an hour unless you are really persistent.Then you hit the Tribal Stage , and suddenly it 's like the first two stages did n't matter at all . Tribal Stage = Poor imitation of Warcraft with no transition from Creature Stage . Civilization Stage = Poor imitation of Starcraft and stupid custom-building option . Space Stage = super boring and/or irritating and not worth playing more than 10 minutes . At this point , I was not going to spend 20 minutes custom-creating buildings for every single planet I colonized or racing across the galaxy to help some ally who 's getting attacked by the Grox every 2 minutes.I wish I had waited 2 years to buy the game when it was only $ 20 , because the game is n't worth more than that . I did n't realize there was such a strict DRM restriction or I probably would n't have purchased it at all , because I tend to play my PC games for 10 + years from new computer to new computer -LRB- until the OS does n't support it anymore -RRB- . Unfortunately it was a $ 50 mistake .
 Spore it self is not a half bad game and it pains me to give this a 1 star review but the DRM scheme included with this game is very intrusive . First of all the DRM causes my game to crash at random -LRB- apparently it does n't like my firewall or anti-virus so I have to turn them off when I am playing -RRB- . Also the DRM limits you to 3 installs so when I reformat my computer or uninstall Spore to save space and I want to play it again down the road I may not be able to install it because I have reached the 3 install limit ! That is ridiculous ! I bought this game and should be able to do with it whatever I want and that includes reselling it -LRB- which the 3 install limit artificially making impossible to resell is n't there some law against that ? -RRB- . EA -LRB- the publisher for the game and the people who put the DRM on the game -RRB- say that you can call their number and get more activations but you have to give them reasons why you uninstalled it the first three times but why should I have to even call you to play a game I bought ? Further more what happens when there IS no more EA ? -LRB- or EA stops supporting it which they are famous for doing -RRB- I guess I would just be screwed then.I had preordered this game over 6 months ago at the time I was boycotting EA games for the state they left Battlefield 2 in -LRB- and the state it still is in 3 years after release -RRB- but I reasoned that EA has always treated Maxis Studious with a special pair of gloves so * I figured they would n't screw with Spore well I was wrong and I 'm back to not buying EA games on any system.The game itself has problems but I wont go into that here just go to their forums to find out all about thatI hate to sound like a ranting `` EA bashing '' idiot but EA has had plenty of fair warning and I am tired of throwing money away on products that can not be returned.TL ; DRI dislike the DRM cause it prevents resale of the game . First EA game that I bought in three years now I 'm back to never buying EA games again.P.S . I heard about Red Alert 3 using an `` eased '' version of this DRM expect another one star review there too EA -LRB- five installs is not enough infact ANY limit on installs is unacceptable it kills resale value -RRB-
 I was going to buy this game today but I ca n't justify doing it because of the oppressive DRM system . I do n't know if your listening EA but this kind of over reaction to piracy really puts a damper on my sympathy for game developers who are having games pirated . I think I 'll just go buy a Stardock game instead because they show some respect for the average gamer .
 While this game has a lot going for it in terms of gameplay , the restrictions placed on the installation of the game makes it a truly bewildering experience . Know that when you ` purchase ' this product , you are n't buying the game , but renting it . With only 3 installs allowed before calling EA for technical support to allow you to access a product you already bought , Electronic Arts has ineffectively attempted to prevent against game piracy by treating its customers like criminals.As for the game itself , it is certainly fun , but lacks depth and probably wo n't have much replay value . The game plays much more like a series of mini-games than a full experience in its own right , none of which have much complexity beyond creature creation .
 I was excited about this game . I 'm a very casual gamer . I maybe buy two or three games a year . I bought this one as soon as it hit the store . Clicked through the EUA without reading it -LRB- not that it matters , by that time you 've already opened the package -RRB- . The game itself is a letdown . It really does n't matter how you build your creatures . You can always strip them down and completely change them in the later stages . There 's no progression in the way they evolve . Your choices have little effect on what happens . Adding a trait does n't open up a pathway to another trait . So the game itself I 'd give three stars , certainly not worth the 50 bucks I paid for it.Now here 's the killer . That EUA I did n't read took away my rights to dump this lame game on Ebay and at least get some of my money back . That 's right , it can only be installed three times . Period . This game has just turned a casual gamer into a non-gamer . Or at least it 's only older titles for me -- ones that work because I have the CD -LRB- own it -RRB- .
 EA appears to have gone the way of Microsoft , however , unlike Microsoft -LRB- who will give you a fresh CD-Key once you use up your allotted Vista installs -RRB- , EA only permits each CD-Key to be used for 3 installs . Reformat or buy a new computer 3 times and you will have to buy another copy of Spore.I do n't understand what is so bad about the old system that remains in use by most , if not all online FPS games , where only one instance of each unique CD-Key can be run at a single time ... I truly hope that EA loses more revenue from the bad Amazon reviews than they gained through their new `` anti-piracy initiative . '' Keep it up and you can count on remaining in the red until bankruptcy is the only option , EA ...
 It hangs my Windows XP installation , requiring a hard reboot . It hangs my Windows Vista installation , requiring a hard reboot . It wo n't run on my Macbook , which is less than a year old . It wo n't run under Parallels on my Macbook either . I ca n't install it anywhere else to see if I have a machine that will run it without hanging because of their DRM . Requests for support result in canned responses . If it was a better game I might work harder at it , but it is mediocre at best . A game that crashes is one thing . A game that takes your whole machine with it is another . It just is n't worth the trouble . I wish I had not spent the money .
 A major issue with this game is the DRM policy.EA 's website says that the DRM is needed to prevent piracy . But clearly , it did n't work , since the game is in the wild already.Some people say that the real goal of the DRM is to prevent used game sales.If we are to believe that their actual goal is preventing piracy , then we should expect an updated version of the game soon that will be free of DRM . It 's as simple as that . There 's no more piracy to prevent . And EA will be looking to get some of its lost goodwill back.Waiting for a DRM-free version would save you from all of the hassle and risk . And you would help the gaming community at the same time .
 Another EA Mistake.Another developer that wo n't have a future for partnering with EA.Broken DRM and false claims of multiple accounts/users will keep me from buying a game I have been following since its first introduction video .
 I 'm a huge fan of Sim City and Civilization and Galactic Civilizations II . I also spent many many hours in the character creator of City of Heroes because adding a personal touch to in-game creatures and players can be so much fun . Mabee I had my hopes a little too high for this game , to be a sort of Sim-Everything , but all the complextity was thrown out the window and we 've been served up a heaping pile of boredom . I have n't been so underwhelmed since Sim City
 I wonder if the software developers use the same version of this game when they play it . Somehow I ca n't imagine that they do because I ca n't imagine someone subjecting their computer to this sort of assault intentionally .
 I was going to buy Spore but I will boycott Spore until EA drops DRM
 After I bought Creature Creator -LRB- the Spore demo -RRB- , I felt that I had both been suckered out of ten dollars and set up to cause my son disappointment because he could n't install the game -LRB- it requires Internet access to install , and he does n't have it at his Mom 's house -RRB- . I almost fell for it again , this time for fifty bucks , because of rumors that Spore would n't have the same limitation . Not a peep from EA on the product page . Selling an unreturnable , restricted product without disclosing the restriction before the sale is an unethical business practice .
 Honestly , I came here to get a price and , maybe , purchase the game based on the previews . Then I saw that the game uses one of these virus-like DRM schemes . What a shame . I guess I wo n't be purchasing Spore until EA pulls it 's collective head out of it 's nether regions and realizes people do n't like to have unwanted cripplewear installed when they * purchase * a game .
 I 'm sure this game is a lot of fun . I 've been looking forward to it for quite some time now . However , I 'm not a big fan of having a DRM rootkit on my PC forcibly installed and sucking up my resources , and so I decided to pass on it.There 's also the issue that I 'd like to play it on a PC that does n't have an active internet connection , and again , thanks to the DRM , this is not possible.Don ' t pay this insane price to RENT this game . You guys took a potentially excellent game and took a big old dump on it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DO N'T WANT A DRM ROOTKIT FORCIBLY INSTALLED ON YOUR PC THAT YOU CAN NOT EASILY REMOVE . IT WILL BE SITTING IN THE BACKGROUND CONSTANTLY SUCKING UP YOUR RESOURCES AND COMMUNICATING WITH EA 'S SERVER.Absolute GARBAGE .
 It has frequently been said that people who do n't like DRM do n't like it because it prevents them from making illegal copies of a game or music . I do n't like it because I do n't like being treated like a thief . For the same reason that I wo n't buy gasoline from a gas station that makes you pre-pay , I wo n't be buying this game . I know I am not a pirate ; I have scores of games that I 've bought , over the years , including 4 full-copies of Diablo 2 -LRB- expansion and all -RRB- that I bought so that I could multiplayer a full party with my friends and family . As it is , DRM is killing video games . Frankly , there are other things I could do with my time.It really is sad too , because , as a biology student , I was really looking forward to playing it .
 Do you all wan na know the real reason why companies use securom and have set install limits ? it 's not to stop piracy ... it 's to stop the secondary market ... where -LRB- A. -RRB- a gamer finishes a game and is done with it ... lends -LRB- or -RRB- gives it to a friend to play -LRB- instead of buying it themselves -RRB- ... or -LRB- B. -RRB- To prevent gamers from returning or reselling games ... -LRB- EB/Gamestop stopped accepting PC games for Trade/Credit years ago -RRB- ... . Game companies know they ca n't stop piracy . . if it 's obvious to you it 's obvious to them ... so instead they stop the perfectly legal secondary market ... which cost them millions ... . Just look at the console market ... game companies lose millions to their games being sold used at gamestop and other retailers ... also I only buy EA console games used ... . gamestop deserves my money more than them ... -LRB- lesser of the 2 evils -RRB- Spread the word !
 Here 's a simple review without spoilers `` Not as advertised '' - Gameplay is limited . It 's hard to change gameplay style -LRB- economic , military , religious -RRB- once the game picks it for you . - Evolving creature -LRB- multiple legs , etc -RRB- does n't change the creature aside from the cool/cute value . - The space stage is repetitive . In-game automated preventative devices did not act without your intervention . - End game reward becomes useless after a point . - DRM is draconian . You are renting the game , not buying it . - Expansion packs will provide needed upgrades -LRB- more parts , enhanced gameplay -RRB- to improve playability.Despite same of the amusing aspects of the game , I returned it . It is not the game that was hyped over the last 2 years . It 's a dumbed-down version of the hyped one . I believe some of the glitz was pushed to expansion packs .
 I really , really wanted this game , but I 'm not infecting my rig with Securom . EA only cares about money . Guess what ? You wo n't be getting any of mine . Vote with your dollars people .
 I must retract my earlier statements about piracy . I had seriously considered pirating this when I found out about all the DRM placed on the real copy . Obviously the DRM is not stopping people from pirating it , but it certainly is stopping me from legally purchasing the game.I would like to state that even though I think this games looks like it will be fun , I am going to refuse to purchase it while it still has DRM . I also will not download a pirated copy , I do not want to give EA the satisfaction of feeling justified for loading so much DRM on the game . I am just going to boycott it and not play it . It is only a game ... it might be fun for a while , but I can probably find something more productive to do with my time.I understand the people who feel this is unfair to give the game a bad rating because of DRM . But obviously it is possible to still find reviews of the game in other places . I think people will be smart enough to see that these rating do not reflect on the game-play itself but on the poor product package as a whole . This is also probably the best bet people actually have of lodging a complaint against EA.Thank you Amazon for allowing the Freedom of Speech to thrive on your reviews .
 It 's slow , boring & lackluster ... no wow factor , creature creation gets boring after a whileThe DRM is TERRIBLE !
 I have been waiting with barely contained excitement for years for this product . My wife was terrified that I was going to disappear for months when it was released . I had forgotten what day in September it was supposed to come out , and when I saw something about it in the news the other day , I literally started jumping up and down . I have actually even been keeping $ 70 set aside just for this purpose -LRB- was n't sure how much it would cost -RRB- . Turns out that , though the game has been released , we mere consumers are not allowed to buy it . So I guess I 'll hold on to my money for a while longer.I 've read some criticism insisting that giving the game a low score for its DRM scheme is like giving a movie a bad review because the ticket was too expensive . This is a bad analogy and I totally support what everyone here is doing.I 'll come out and say it . I do n't own Spore , and unless something changes I never will . But since NO ONE can own Spore , I am just as qualified as anyone else to review it . We -LRB- the paying customers -RRB- are permitted a series of three time-unlimited trials of Spore . PC crashes and you need a reinstall ? That 's one trial gone . Like to format your hard drive every six months or so to keep things working smoothly ? You can play your $ 50 game for a year and a half . Trying out Linux and accidentally zap your Windows partition ? You zap one of your trials along with it . Need to reclaim that SIX GIGS for a while ? Better not do that too many times.Speaking for myself , I own a whole lot of games that I have played long after they would have been lost forever due to this kind of scheme . I have wiped the hard drive and reinstalled Windows three times this year -- once because Vista was getting kind of slow and once for the heck of it because I fell back to XP for a week or two and again when I went back to Vista . All of my applications would now be lost forever if everyone treated their paying customers like EA does.I really want to play this game . Maybe someday they 'll let me .
 This game does not work properly on my Windows XP computer . I contacted tech support and was given the run around . One person even made vague accusations that I was pirating the game to friends -LRB- I was not , and would never do that -RRB- . The game wo n't let me `` activate '' and also something the game installed messed up my ability to burn CDs . My main computer is now in for repair . I will not be risking another PC by installing this game . Buyer beware .
 As a programmer myself , I feel it makes total sense that a company would want their assets protected and DRM provides this.I also strongly feel that deploying DRM is just wasted effort and time . It will only cause headache to only those who legitimately purchase software.Like the rest of the reviews , I will not be purchasing this product .
 After playing with the creature creator I was interested in buying the game and pre-ordered it . Like many others I canceled because I will not pay for a game that has install limitations . One star for the DRM .
 It is a big shame that all of the time and effort of people and Will Wright is ruined because they only allow you to install the game literally 3 times . In today 's world hard drives crash , and we have to reformat and reinstall all the time . Well this is a game that wo n't come with you because after 3 times , you 're done , no more spore unless you buy another copy of the game . It is not smart to force people to only be able to install the game 3 times . This is a betrayal of the customer in every way . I am very very angry and will NEVER buy another EA product again until I can install my copy of my game that I legitimately buy . EA should follow stardock 's example . hey make money and have no drm and they believe that if you buy something you can make as many copies of the game that you want for your personal use .
 I 'll admit , it 's a fun game , and the content creator is one step shy of awesome . That said , due to the horrible DRM -LRB- Securom -RRB- and terrible activation system , it 's not worth your while to even buy this game.I was having problems with my internet connection yesterday , and was sitting there with a box in my hand , and no game to play until later that evening when my service was restored . Due to the fact that the game was up on torrents almost a week before release , the devs should have some idea that their horrible DRM only hurts honest users . The pirates have been playing for a week , and I bet they did n't have to wait around with a box and no game as I did . I promise from here on out , that I will pass on ANY GAME from ANY MANUFACTURER that uses Securom ... I do n't care how cool the game is .
 This game had great promise , but I WO N'T buy a game that limits my number of installs to 3 . That 's ludicrous , and like many others , I 've had to deal with EA support before . It 's like dealing with Comcast . The game was available on the internet days before it was even in stores , so it 's obvious that this copy protection is just a way to piss off legitimate customers like myself.I was ready to buy and enjoy this game to the fullest , but I will not support a game that uses DRM and hopefully EA will get the hint .
 Most people get really excited when they hear about this great new -LRB- well , not so new anymore -RRB- game , right ? I preordered it in september , and to me it is a challenging fun game to play . However , the evolution aspect of it needs work - the creatures are basically created according to appearance , and although you may add 10 long legs to one creature , it 's just as slow as a creature with 2 . The graphics are pretty decent , but i believe they should add a feature where you CAN connect and play with other users -LRB- although without chat , because that would change the whole game -RRB- . However , all this is depending on whether or not you actually get the game to work . The DRM on it sucks , as usual with EA games . You only can install the game 3 times , and sometimes you waste these installations with updates on your computer , and you dont even know it . its virtually impossible to get another installation out of EA because they basically reserve the right to deny this to you , and basically tell you to shut up and buy another copy . Why should i keep paying money for a malfunctioning game ??? You end up basically renting it , because every couple of years , you 're going to have to buy it again in order to keep playing ! it 's ridiculous , and i 'd rather wait for another version of spore to come out before i even CONSIDER buying it again .
 I was one of many who was excited at the prospect of a game that let one tinker around with a creature inside an environment where evolutionary forces were at play . After playing the game , however , I have joined the ranks of those who are quite disappointed . While the game allows for inventive creature creation , the overall experience is an exercise in clicking through a limited set of routine tasks.First , I must give credit to the game 's authors for creating a marvelous tool for creating creatures . You can read about it in more detail in many other game reviews , but the short of it is that you can create just about any kind of creature that you can imagine , then immediately watch it walk around and emote . Pretty amazing.But that 's where the fun ended , for me . The big disappointment is that Spore 's universe is not a place where the attributes of your creature actually influence the environment in a flexible way , or where the attributes of the environment can similarly influence your creature -LRB- a place where there are selective forces that influence the environment -RRB- . It 's true you can decide if your creature is a carnivore , herbivore , or omnivore , and you can make some choices about creature defense , communication , etc. . But in the end , the success of your creature , or the competing creatures of the universe , is not affected by these choices . Each stage you go through in the game is a very fixed , routine exercise in clicking , and clicking some more . It 's fun , more or less , when you get to first see your creature in action . But a grand disappointment when you realize the game is n't much more than that.Perhaps creating that kind of game environment I was hoping for , one where the interaction between your creature and the environment is dynamic , is still beyond our current capacity as game makers . I do n't know . But this game does n't live up to the hype .
 I really wanted to like Spore , and I even -LRB- was foolish enough to have -RRB- bought the game knowing about the SecuROM controversy . Unfortunately , the game experience is very watered down.The cell stage is extraordinarily basic -LRB- not terribly surprising , given that you 're playing a single-celled organism . You swim around , eating plant matter , meat that 's floating around , or smaller creatures . You try to avoid the big creatures that want to eat you . Creature stage is a bit more coplex , but not much . Tribe and civilization stages are essentially dumbed-down versions of any civ-type or RTS game released over the last decade or so . As to the space stage , it 's about as much fun as Master of Orion III was . Which is to say , not much.What is interesting is the robust suite of creation tools . You 've got a lot of freedom to make some truly interesting creatures , building , spaceships , etc. . Unfortunately , you need to buy the expansion pack in order to get many of the creature body part options that should have been in the game in the initial release . If you 're inclined to tinker and see what you can come up with , you 'll likely enjoy the game . Otherwise , if your tastes run to casual gaming , you may like this . If you 're looking for a serious species simulation , I regret to say that Spore is n't it.And , of course , it 's published by EA , so one must take into account that the company injects malware into your computer when you load the game .
 I was really looking forward to this game - first one I 've bought in years . Incredibly cute and pretty - but I think it could probably do with it 's own special rating - `` not suitable for ages over 10 '' . Once you 've been through the stages up to space you 'll never do them again - and OMG - it is just so mind numbingly boring . I 've had about 12 hours play for my money before I gave up - if you have to buy this see if a friend 's got it first and check it out - forget the youtube cutesy videos . I feel like I 've been conned : -LRB- To give it some merit it is a nice `` toy '' for kids to show off their design skills .
 Everyone has raised such a stink about the copy protection that I do n't know how many people have noticed that this game just is n't that much fun.I was excited about the `` evolution '' aspect of the game , but the evolution phases of the game are n't so much like evolution as they are like customizing a car . You earn money -LRB- DNA points -RRB- and you can buy or trade in body parts without any restrictions based on what the last incarnation of your creature was like . In real evolution , existing parts can change to take on new functions but in the game you can just trade in an arm and grow two more eyes somewhere else.The only respect in which your choices have any long term impact is at the end of each stage of the game . For each stage , a tally is made of how much meat you ate vs how many plants , or how many species you killed off vs how many you befriended , to determine your `` type '' ... carnivore or herbivore , predatory or social , etc. . Each label that you get tagged with determined your special abilities later in the game.The first two stages -LRB- with physical `` evolution '' -RRB- are the only novel parts of the game . The later stages are highly simplified versions of other well known strategy games .
 Spore Galactic EditionSporeOk , I have now played all the way through the gameYou can read the review but the perfect example of why this game is not worth your time . They want you to be creative in making your creature but for clothing you can put on a mask , every mask availabe is for a huminoid face two eyes in the front of your head and indication that you most likely have a nose under those two eyes . So no face covering if you have eye stocks or bug eyes or even just more then two eyes . This is the same process through the whole game both in design and playablity . -LRB- No really thought was given to what was going on -RRB- .1 . Customer service by EA is horrible . I had forgotton why I do n't buy EA games but having broke the rule I know remember why . They have no direct phone link , -LRB- except I hear there 's a $ 3 per/min number you can call but I did n't even find that . -RRB- I did finally use there website contact email to only recieve the Auto respone `` We 'll get back to you within 24 hrs . '' but they never , ever did . Even after using the additional comment section on their question to customer support .2 . The game though kinda cute is not much more . You 'd do better to put your money into some kindof graphic design program as that 's the only semi cool part of game . YOu can make interesting looking creatures , building and suff . The reason you 'd do better with a graphic program is you 'd be unlimited in what you created . With Spore they are fixated with 4 and small factors of 4 . And you only get to work on your creature -LRB- though really the stuff you pick is more cosmitic then anything that change game play all that much -RRB- 1 city hall , 1 entrainment building , 1 housing unit and 1 defenive building , 1 air ship , 1 sea ship , 1 land car and 1 space ship . With the air , sea and land you can also have three types of city allowing for a different design faith , eco , & mili.thus a grand total of 9 designs . But only 1 space ship period and it does n't matter what you put on it in any way . For example more engine wo n't make you go faster , just like more legs wo n't make your creature move faster .3 . The game lack any of the common tools used in any other game like it at any given stage . NO listing of cities , resources or other useful things . No note taking ablitiy to help keep track of what your doing , No remaping keyboard or renaming of things . NO template making for anything , like city layouts . And in the end it does n't really matter much how customize I try to make it , it really ends up looking a lot like my husband 's or sun 's game . NO upload your own graphic or addon to customize the look of things . Like maybe a three eyes face mask.EA said they knew they where dumming the game down because they looked at two games , a sim game and a first person shooter game . On game got a higher critic rating the other sold more . Well this is like comparing a fruit to a vegtible . Their sale are n't going to be the same because they are a different target market . So the assumption that making it dummer was would sell better is way off . Whats worse is Spore is n't either of these market it more likely to attrack civ player or age of wonder . But since it lack the deep these player like in there game it wo n't hold this mark for long.If you really must buy this game wait until it hits the $ 10 bin at your local hardware store . It 's lack of depth , limited and uncontrolled online interaction , and just shotty game play will make it a cheap buy quickly .
 Thank you guys , I was going to buy this game , but instead I learned so much about DRM , after doing 2 days research , I decided to skip buying this game , at least until they patch out the DRM.So I sum my voice to the protest.By the way , I own ` SimCity 3000 ' and the original ` The Sims ' , I love both games , and still play them from time to time , that 's why I thought that I would enjoy ` Spore ' , but I will not support DRM , sorry .
 Apparently , SecuROM does n't play nicely with some of the development tools I have on my machine . I could n't even get the game to install , let alone play it because of the insane DRM they package with it -LRB- and , of course , do n't bother telling you about -RRB- . If you do n't mind having some company install malicious software on your computer , by all means buy this game . I , for one , should have saved the fifty bucks and all the trouble SecuROM caused .
 This kind of drm is the worst . I often format my computer and will have to reinstall this program , and with only 3 installs it makes this impossible to work with . The only kind of drm that I can tolerate is having to put cd in the drive and having to enter a serial number . No wonder so many people decide to ` obtain ' games .
 I was looking forward to this game . I really , really was . It 's been in development for what , like 10 years ? I thought it 'd be epic . Like , super-scale . But since it tries to juggle 5 different types of gameplay , they all end up being too easy . Instead of going in-depth into something , it 's more like a bunch of tutorials . The most fun you 'll have is the creature creator , which can be bought separately for 10 bucks . I do n't really recommend this game to anyone that wants to really create a universe , because it 's just not a ton of fun .
 Well , I was going to buy it ... but after hearing about the Draconian DRM measures EA decided were necessary , I think I 'll just pass . Or maybe I 'll send a check to Maxis for $ 50.00 and get a DRM-free `` release '' from Razor . I was so looking forward to this , too ...
 Flashed my BIOS ; Spore now thinks I installed on a second computer.The game also crashes at random and there is no autosave , so you must be sure to save very frequently or you can end up losing hours of progress.Disappointing . I may see if I can get a refund .
 If someone want , nothing stops him from hacking the game , or downloading cracked version . I am buying software to support developers , not because I can not download pirate version . But I will not deal -LRB- read support developers -RRB- with DRM ! and such limitations !
 Good game , but annoying and intrusive copy protection . When will publishers learn not to punish honest customers ?
 ... you get this . As over 1000 people have said already , this game comes with a pile of viruses , spyware , and unfair usage restrictions -LRB- no more than 3 installs on different computers , and they get to define what `` different '' means ; usually it means you added/removed a single component , like an external hard drive -RRB- . I wo n't believe for a second that the game itself is n't amazing , as long as you 're imaginative enough . The demo creature creator -LRB- which is sort of a demo of a demo -RRB- is great fun by itself . It 's just that my computer is not just a game console , and I do n't want to infect it with evil junk just to play a game.Hey EA , here 's a hint
 So basically after putting this game on my laptop and my PC , I can only upgrade to a new computer one time before I will no longer be able to play this game.No thanks EA . When does Starcraft 2 come out ? I 'm sure Blizzard wo n't screw me . I 'll save my $ 50 for them .
 I am an avid gamer but I 've been burned one time too many by DRM laden games that introduce low level system device drivers that later go on and cause system instabilities . These often linger despite the game being removed from the PC.I 'd rather play games with my limited time than keep re-installing Windows.Nobody wants DRM.DRM = No sale for me .
 I bought this game on a whim . I was looking forward to it for a while . The creature creator was fun . Plenty of fun things to play around with , making bizarre creatures to play around with . It was good times.But then I got the actual `` game . '' There is n't one . The gameplay is terrible , consisting of neutered imitations of other games with no redeeming value other than making neat creatures/vehicles/buildings and watching them do the same things over . And over . And over . The entire `` game '' is a collection of depthless minigames I would hesitate to play on a browser.I would not buy this knowing what I know now having purchased and played the game .
 The hassles with install , DRM , and setup -LRB- download manager , etc. . . -RRB- make this game useless . I will never give EA money again for any product on any platform . These companies should not treat their customers with contempt .
 I have a question EA . What happens if a single legitimate user owns and uses more than 3 PC 's and wants to install his brand new game ? FORGET IT EA!Even this sure to be great game is not worth the rootkit that is automatically embedded when you install the program . This is worse than Battlefield 2142 and the in-game ads . I will NOT be installing this game on my PC , I will not buy into this tripe !
 One of the greatest joys of any Sims game was to let you play in the sandbox . Allow me to illustrate.Sim ant let you expand where you wanted as you wanted . You could feel free to focus on the spots you wanted without worrying about your red ant enemies overrunning you if you decided to take a break from combat to play with the nest.In Sim City , you could indulge yourself in whatever whims you wanted , like subways , buses , trains , or highways , and usually these would n't help you immediately , but they would n't hurt you either . If you had the money , well , GO FOR IT ! It would help your city later on down the line , so there was a reward for you creativity beyond just playing the most efficient way.In the Sims , they broke with tradition by SHOWING you the stats of everything in the house , and the people . Normally this would grind the game to a halt , since there is a clear `` best '' way to play it . But since you did n't control your people , they were inherently flawed , and the fun came from trying to work against your character 's flaws . Seeing the interactions of the people and enviornments you created was priceless , and offered massive opportunities for creativity.Spore has none of these things . It has four minigames -LRB- Cell through Civilization -RRB- which have less content than most of the flash games you 'd find at a site like Newgrounds . They are strictly linear , with no room for creativity . Since you 're just dressing up your creature , with small , hidden parts added for the stat boosts you want , it feels hollow , and boring . The space stage , the real meat of the game , is a horror . With no real tutorials , little to do except make money , incompetent allies and a goal which involves mindless grinding , the game destroys whatever creativity you hoped was available . You ca n't leave your system to explore until you 're traded and missioned your way to an extremely high rank , because if you do n't unlock all the tools to buy the weapons to quickly eradicate your enemies , they will ravage your worlds if you even think of making the mistake of exploring the massive universe available . Since your worlds are completely capable of defending themselves when you are around , you might think that it 's okay to leave them . WRONG . The AI will automatically capture your cities if you leave them under attack , no matter how well or poorly defended . Your planets defenders will miraculously remember to fight back once you 've returned , making the whole flow of the game feel like it 's punishing you for trying to go out and enjoy the game.My advice ? Do not buy this game . The creation tools are too boring and sparse for adults and the space stage , which is 95 % of the game , is too confusing and restrictive for children . Go pick up the creature creator for $ 5 , or check out SimCity 2000 or SimAnt instead .
 For almost 10 years , we 've been told that Spore was going to be an `` evolution in gaming '' . Sadly , it is no more than a revolution in dressing up magnetic dolls.Creatures do not adapt to their environment or situation . `` Changes '' are managed by snapping new pieces onto a creature . The user interface changes for each level . The game itself is a carpal tunnel inducing nightmare of clicking and trying to see around objects.Gameplay is simplistic and repetitive , and ultimately pointless , as the stats are all but meaningless at the last two `` stages '' of the game.The creation tools are fabulous , and are probably the best part of the entire game ... which , ya know ... kinda sad.The SecuROM DRM is absolutely unacceptable . There was no EULA or warning that I was installing this malicious and insanely difficult bit of stealth code into my registry . EA has decided to treat their customers like criminals , and as a result , I will boycott EA from this point forward .
 I was expecting some level of strategy but virtually all aspects of the game are wholly simplified . A great disappointment once you realise the look of the creatures is the only amusing part of the game . I 'm pretty sure a patch or add-ons would _ not _ make the game better.On the issue of DRM , others say it better than I can . If the game was already cracked _ before _ the game was released , DRM solely penalizes the folks who actually bought the game .
 After playing through to the space age , it 's not a very appealing game for adults who are looking for something to sink their hard earned free time into . The whole idea of bringing a civilization into existence from a single cell is intriguing . However , there is no meat or thinking required in the game at all . It 's like 4 mediocre games rolled into one . It is very very easy for the most part , there is no effect game wise to any adaptations you make to your creatures except the flying ability I guess which is purely eye candy.The Space Age I find annoying , as I did nothing to irritate other races yet am attacked literally every 5 minutes . I eventually had to reverse terraform the enemy 's plants to get them to stop , or pay them some exorbitant about of cash . I ca n't do anything as I 'm always defending my home planet or colony . This makes the game very unfriendly to builders in the space age.The DRM has been discussed already , a definite negative.A game for children . I 'm glad I checked out my friend 's copy before buying . I 'll save my cash for the next spore type game that actually gets it right -LRB- or LittleBigWorld -RRB- .
 Do n't get me wrong
 I was one of the masses that followed news about Spore online for the past few years , anticipating a great game with a great deal of depth and opportunities for creative evolution . Unfortunately , it did fall short of expectations . One of the first letdowns I found was that it does n't matter very much how you customize your creature in the second phase of the game . You wo n't `` evolve '' with different skills based on the number of limbs or orientation of head/arms/weapons at all . It all comes down to a ranking system based on the individual parts included . If a set of hands has +1 health and +2 damage , that just all adds up to an overall ability to cause more damage per attack . It does n't matter at all where on the body the items are placed , just so long as they are there somewhere . Also , you can change your creature 100 % at any time in the first or second phase of the game . There 's no evolution of more powerful limbs if you use them for multiple generations . They 're the same limbs as any others you could pick from the creator program . Finally , when you leave phase two and move to the Tribe and beyond , you ca n't modify the creature further . Instead , you have the ability to add or remove items of clothing in one phase and the look of vehicles in another . The creatures themselves do n't change again.Aside from the above , the act of fighting to grow through the cellular phase and into the Tribal -LRB- third -RRB- phase was n't unpleasant . It was interesting to build up a creature and then take some time to hunt down or ally with other creatures . But it does n't last forever , as eventually you 've conquered all the stage requirements to move to the next phase and you run out of creatures to attack or befriend . In particular , in the City -LRB- fourth -RRB- phase there 's even a button that you can click to mass-convert all enemies in the world to your side all at once . Granted , you have to make enough `` money '' in the game for the option to appear , but it 's essentially a shortcut to cut out more fun ... you do n't have to use strategy to finish converting the last few cities , just click a button and you 're done.Another item I personally found as a flaw was the sudden switch in control schemes between phases two and three . In the first two phases you do n't have much camera control beyond zooming in and out , which makes sense when you only control one character at a time . But the controls were pretty similar to move and attack . Then in phase three it suddenly introduces a control scheme to move across the map by holding down mouse buttons that served different functions in the previous phase . It was just confusing enough that I found myself in completely the wrong orientation to see what was happening just because I did n't feel comfortable with the sudden switch of controls . I 'm sure I 'll be used to it a second time around , but it was jarring for the first play through.I also found the in-game hints to be lacking . When I was attempting to finish one of the checkpoints in tribe phase it did n't mention that I had to remove one of the creatures I already had in my corral before I could add a brand new one , which was what the game was expecting . In the fourth phase I had difficulty working out how to conquer other cities as well ... in previous phases you had the options to attack or befriend opposing teams , but the only thing I could figure out to do in the fourth phase was `` convert '' the city by attacking with vehicles . I also never worked out what giving `` money '' to the other cities accomplished and quickly stopped trying that route . It was another example of switching gameplay methods mid-stream that ended up being more of a frustration than an expansion of abilities and enjoyment.Overall , I do n't regret buying the game . However , I had much higher hopes and standards in mind when I started than what I came away with . I will probably keep playing it to essentially get my money 's worth . In the end though , there just is n't anything that stands out in my mind about the game that makes it shine above any other games I 've played .
 This game is great if you can overlook the fact that it puts the whole safety of your computer at risk , the fact that your renting it and that the pirates had it cracked before the rest of us got it . \ I ca n't and i do n't think anyone can . What really gets me is that it did nothing to slow piracy . With security its not if you should be asking but when . I payed EA 50 dollars to be treated like a pirate ? No thanks.Great game ruined by EA yet again.Get the picture EA .
 This game loses a star for dumbed down game play . No flying creatures , even though there are wings . Creature stats are not effected by the physical construction of the creature , only by what parts you jam on it -LRB- you can have a creature thats built like a cheatah but it will go the same speed as a giant ball with the same legs on it -RRB- . Also there is the complete removal of the water creature stage , between the cell and land creature.Another because I am positive this will be similar to the Sims where if you want to be able to do 10 more things you have to shell out another $ 30 for the expansion . Like they will probably add the three things I point out are missing above , but each will come in its own expansion , and cost $ 30 . And of course it loses a third star for DRM , theoretically if it all works out you may never have to call EA . But if its similar to what I heard about other EA games with DRM 's , upgrading , reinstalling , and putting it on another computer in the house all can use or will use a `` token '' . Also there has been issues in the past with the DRM blocking legit programs it deems pirating software . I suggest holding on to those proof of purchases , odds are you will need them.All in all I was back and forth on buying the game today , but after I read about the DRM it tipped the balance and I probably wont buy it until later . I might as well wait 5 years or so for all the expansions to come out and the whole package to go on sale , like I did with the Sims .
 DRM with Activation limits has nothing at all to do with piracy . The game was already pirated days ago before it was released in the UK or America . They are using limited activations to prevent second hand sales and to limit the lifetime of the game . You will perpetually require an Activation Server to be running all the time if you want to install this game in a few years time . The DRM is also the beginnings of forcing games to become a RENTAL revenue model , as per the wishes of Electronic Arts own CEO , John Riccitiello , who wants us all to buy bare bones games in the future and pay for all the content as `` extras '' . -LRB- see
 As if the DRM issues were n't bad enough now EA is saying a copy of Spore provides us with only a single game account !! Those are reasons enough not to buy this game . If only one account is permitted why is the DRM needed ? It does n't make sense.To clarify the single account for more casual gamers or parents ... Say you have two children and both want to play the game - they ca n't . Multiple people in the same house who want to play Spore will have to have their own individual online personas so you 'll have to buy an additional copy of Spore for each person . Very few parents can or will pay for multiple copies of the same game and why should they . You buy a game for your computer and everyone should get to play in the same house.The main reason for a DRM is stopping piracy . EA gives you 3 installs but from what I 've heard very minor updates to your comp can use those up . So do n't install it on two desktops and your laptop now if you want something more than a $ 50 coaster in a couple of months . Imagine as a legitimate customer you have to call EA to explain why you used your 3 installs and beg for a 4th !! By the way the game manual says you can have multiple spore accounts -LRB- page 53 which reads , `` You may have multiple Spore accounts for each installation of the game . '' -RRB- but I read an EA spokesperson said `` That section in the manual was a misprint and will be corrected in future printings of the manual . There is one Spore registration/account per game/serial code so you are correct in that you can not make multiple accounts at this time . I have sent your guys ' feedback to the game team though since I can understand the desire to share a game on a system that you entire family uses . `` So you 've been warned - purchase at your own risk . Essentially , this is a $ 50 rental
 You can only install it a few times and then the code will not work . This is not to stop pirating . It is to stop you from selling the game when you are done playing it.Beware
 I was super excited for this game to come out.Then I bought it , and was extremely disappointed . First off , it crashes quite often , on a system that -LRB- according to their literature -RRB- is WAY overqualified to run it.The game was n't too bad -LRB- actually , quite good -RRB- until you hit space stage ... Then its your empire 's ONE ship against the dozens/hundreds of ships of every other empire.Additionally , this game is a lesson in micromanagement . Every 2 minutes -LRB- or less ! -RRB- , one of your towns is attacked by pirates , raiders , other colonies , OR it has an ecodisaster.Now , seeing that you have a vast empire spanning solar systems , you 'd think a planet loaded with turrets and defenses could stop a silly small attack . NOPE.You need to drop whatever you are doing and fly back there , else your towns will be wiped out . And , chances are , while you are defending this one , another attack will start on the other side of your empire ... The spice trade routes do n't actually trade spice , all it does is let you make high priced offers to buy the other system -LRB- which , when you buy it , is reduced to nothing , so you have to spend millions more to build it back up -RRB- ... Every piece of spice that you sell , you have to physically fly to each planet , talk to the leaders , and sell the spice manually ... quite a task when you are involved with hundreds of planets.And , do n't remember that all the while this is happening , your game is crashing.Don ' t buy it . At LEAST wait for a patch , if not an expansion to fix all this garbage .
 Great game ... when you 're finally able to play it . EA has finally gone to far with their copy protection . Very disappointed ...
 The game is fun , has good graphics and merges two worlds
 Spore itself is a fun game . Here 's where I think the game is horrible though.Game review : It took 10 hours to finish all the content and beat the game , sure I could wander around the galaxy for another 100 years of my life but at this point all I 'm doing is exploring as I 've finished the story and quests now its all kill this or that repeats.Product review : EA created this game and during the install it added a backdoor secureROM , this product has installed rootkits that have put machines at risk in the past . ALSO I installed the game on my gaming laptop , the laptop had a problem and I had to replace the harddrive . In the meantime I was playing it on my desktop . That means I 've installed it 1x on my laptop , a 2nd time on my desktop while my laptop was being worked on , and now that I 've got my laptop back I did the 3rd install . EA has included in this product a 3 install maximum . The game will not play after the 3rd install and it verifies your installs before the game will play by contacting a server that EA owns . In order to install this game again if I was to run into issues with anything on my computer I would have to contact EA 's support -LRB- which I have done in regards to rockband and trust me the experience was horrible and took 5 weeks and 4 days to get a response when I CALLED in and talked to their tech support -RRB- . Once you call in you have to provide a reciept proving you purchased the product as well as a slew of personal information verifying who you are . In the future if EA decides this service is n't worth while they reserved the right to quit giving it.Basicly you 'll be paying 50 + dollars to rent a product that you ca n't install if they disable this verification process , and you 've payed them to install a backdoor product known to cause issues with CD/DVD writers and install rootkits .
 Spore is a lot of fun , though riddled with numerous issues in Space , and oversimplified in other stages.The game suffers from the WORST DRM scheme is history , however , limiting you to only 3 installs of the game . Worse yet , it counts off one of those installs if you ever upgrade any of your hardware ? Just bought a new video card to make the most of the graphics in Spore ? Well , you might have to buy the game again as a result . This is an utterly terrible way to treat the customer , and as excited about the game as I am , and as happy as I am with it , I 'd recommend holding off on purchasing a copy unless they remove this DRM , as it probably wo n't be the last copy of it you have to buy if you want to keep playing it .
 I have been waiting for Spore since the first previews of the game and now that I have it , I have to say that I 'm disappointed . The game that I first saw was something amazing - it was supposed to be this procedurally generated world full of creatures made my people all around the world . It was supposed to be rich and intelligent , responding to your playing style . It was supposed to be in-depth - rising from the level of a tiny cell all the way up to a space empire in a galaxy full of life . It was supposed to be so amazing . But now that I 've played it , it 's nothing like it should have been . I 'm so disappointed in Maxis , in EA , and in Will Wright . I do n't understand how he could let his vision of the amazing game that could have be become polluted.There are five phases in Spore - Cell , Creature , Tribal , City , and Space . They are not connected seamlessly - you just gain enough points in one , a load screen pops up and you 're in another . The choices you make really do n't have an effect on your creature . Originally , you could put three mouths on your creature and it would actually USE all three . You could attach six arms and it would USE all six . Now , you just find the strongest body parts , attach them to your creature and off you go . It does n't matter if you have three mouths or one , six arms or two . A creature with six `` slow '' legs will actually move slower than a creature with one `` fast '' leg.Tribal is no better - you either destroy the other tribes or become friends with them but it has no effect on the upcoming city phase other than being either aggressive or friendly . I remember Will Wright saying you could design your tribal village and develop its culture - now you just slap down some buildings and buy some flutes or spears and that 's the end of it.City is a little more difficult - well , actually , that 's not true . All you have to do is buy a large number of units and then attack the enemy , or , if you 're economic , buy their cities . Easy . No depth.And then , finally - Space ! Unfortunately , that 's a let down as well . I was so excited when I finally made my little spaceship . Then I realized that there 's not really anything to do . Oh sure , you can fight the endless pirates or go searching around planets every time you get called to find sick creatures that threaten the ecosystem but , believe me , it gets old FAST . It would be fun if I could go around terraforming worlds but it takes a very long , boring time to get all of the tools . And please tell me why I have to go BUY a single shot of atmospheric generator ? Why ca n't I buy it , equip it on my ship , and then have a cool-down time ?? Essentially , the game tries to extend its length by giving you tedious things to do but , honestly , Spore just does n't have any depth to it . Its potential is unlimited ... if Maxis gets themselves together and puts out a patch and some amazing expansions , I 'll definitely be purchasing them . But right now , Spore is just a simple , short , and unimaginative game . The sad thing is that the casual gamers it was dumbed down for will eat it up while us hardcore gamers are left wondering about what could have been .
 As others have explained , this is less of a purchase and more of a rental . If you often upgrade your OS and hardware components , you find that you have locked yourself out of another one of your activations . Again , you can call the company to plead to get a fourth activation , but what after that ? If I want to play this game two years from now I must purchase a fresh lease because I 've used up my legal activations?Of course , EA would like people to not illegally use their software ; however , they have implemented anti-piracy measures in the worst way possible . Limited activations and uninstallable Securom is the least popular way to go . Given that EA wants Spore to be _ the _ game of the year , or next year as well , they 've failed greatly here.Of course , if you plan to install Spore just a couple times in the next few years -LRB- upgrading just once or twice -RRB- then perhaps you 'll find this worth your money.Brilliant Wil Wright concepts remain .
 I had a chance to play this game on a friend 's PC . It 's not worth the price of the rental . That 's right , rental . You only get to install it 3 times .
 My son is awfully disappointed , but this game is going back for a refund . Ca n't even get the thing loaded . Our PC , though not new , plays all our other games fine . Tried uninstalling and then reinstalling , tried calling Tech support and emailing questions , both a waste of time.No Thanks !!!
 Will Wright seems to have caught a case of the Molyneux 's . He hyped his game to sound like you could pretty much do anything you wanted with it from sitting back and watching the emergent AI evolve to guiding it along its path to evolution in a seamless and fun transformation . Space was going to be the most fun , influencing planetary evolution and flying around in this awesome space ship you designed . Instead all you get is a boring series of minigames . It has been said before but you go from Pac Man under water to Pac Man 3D to 2 series of sub-par RTS to Planet Express Delivery Service without the cool characters or entertaining dialogue . This would be a good game to pick up in the bargain bin for $ 19.99 but it certainly is not worth $ 50 much less the price they want for the Galactic Edition . The DRM is cute too . I still pick up and play games I bought in the mid 1990s from time to time like Fallout or Freespace . Assuming some gameplay is patched in and the game is worth playing , what happens in 10 years when EA finally collapses under its own weight and anti-paying customer business practices and I ca n't call to reactivate Spore ? I guess that 's more or less rhetorical . The only people this draconian DRM is hurting is the paying customers .
 Another potential buyer turned away because of this . Piracy is a big issue that does need a different approach I believe but this is definitely a one step forward , two giant leaps backwards approach towards solving the problem .
 It 's quite a shame that EA has decided to reward pirates instead of loyal customers . As a frequent hardware upgrader , the DRM on this game will prevent me from purchasing it . No thank you EA . Spore RIP . ^_^
 The game itself is very fun and creative but why punish buyers with those DRM . I want to change my mother board and my graphic card in a near future but not at the sametime , my limit of 3 installations will be reached ! EA is killing their , probably , best game of the year because of this DRM , shame on them ! I 'm paying a game to install it how much time I want , EA have n't the right to install software on my PC which disable hardware -LRB- CD/DVD burner , ... -RRB- or software -LRB- Firewall , cd burner soft , ... -RRB- without my permission.The players who will download a pirate copy of Spore wo n't have any problem of limitation on number of installation for example ! Who is in the error ? After that , poor major game editors are still asking themself why there are so much game that get pirated , it 's their own fault .
 I did n't realize I 'd bought a DRM poisoned game until I got home . Now I 'm sitting at an obsolete computer that will be replaced in a couple of months . My other computer needs a reformat -LRB- getting rid of Vista , but that 's another story -RRB- . So what 's the point of even installing the game ? What a waste of money . So long as DRM exists , I 'll never buy an EA game again .
 Contrary to the manual , you can not have more than one account per game key code , so forget about sharing your game with anyone in your family . That is ridiculous enough , but there is no option to even create a second account on the same machine even if you have another code . People with more than one PC are no better off , they will need to buy two copies unless only one person plays on both . Oh , and you can only install it 3 times . Ever . If I were Will Wright I would quit EA/Maxis and start a new , privately owned company . I smell class action on this one , epsecially with the manual providing false information .
 Here 's the thing , EA . I 'm not a pirate . I 'm your average gamer . I am quite content to buy my games legally , thank you very much . I understand that the money I spend gives you incentive to develop newer and better games.I was excited when I first heard about Spore . I 'm a big fan of simulations . I resolved to buy it . I even went to preorder it . And then I saw this thing about `` DRM '' . I was n't quite sure what that was , but it sounded unpleasant . I decided to wait . Am I ever glad.I do n't know much about malware , root systems , or admin priviledges . I do know that I usually install a game multiple times . I install , uninstall , and reinstall games as my interest waxes and wanes . Sometimes I have trouble with installations . Frequently I install my favorite games from ages ago onto my new computers . Three installs simply is n't enough . Especially for $ 50 . Congratulatons , EA . You 've lost another customer.This is one game I 'll wait for until it shows up in the $ 5 bin . It should n't be long .
 Thanks to all the people posting about DRM . I was just leaving work to go and buy the game when I dropped by Amazon . The LAST thing I need is some DRM software screwing up my computers ! There 's no way I 'll be buying Spore now ! And I 've been looking forward to it for years ... . When will they learn that this kind of stuff only angers the casual buyers and does n't slow down the true pirates at all . And kudos to Amazon for keeping all these negative reviews . Once again , Amazon has saved my bacon !
 Spore is a decent game by itself . I like the concept , and gameplay is pretty good . That 's about where this review will stop singing its praises -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- . EA Games implemented a tyrranical DRM scheme in Spore , which severely limits the ability to play the game . So when I bought this , I do n't own it ? I 'm only `` renting '' it ? This is absurd . I reformat my computer often , so 3 installs is pretty easy to blow through . EA punishes honest buyers by never letting customer 's actually have control over the game they bought.So much for progress .
 Just ridiculous . Plus the DRM SecuROM is virus-like . Infects alot of unrelated content on my computer.I like what one person said and I will reiterate . I have never , nor ever will , pirate software . But I also do n't like the restrictions and hassles of DRM or SecuROM - its like putting me in jail BEFORE I committed the crime . Unbelievable .
 I tried out spore creature creator and really liked it so I went and bought the full version . I did n't know that it also came with securom when I installed the software to play spore securom was also installed with it . At first everything seemed fine , and I was enjoying spore , but then my computer started locking up and telling me I was n't authorized . I uninstalled spore , but securom is still there ! I ca n't get rid of it and now my whole computer does n't work . Please do n't buy this game , it 's not worth the lost hours . I really wish they had an Xbox version so that I would n't have destroyed my computer trying to play a game . This is just evil .
 DRM ruined what i hoped to be a great game . EA limits you to a maximum of 3 installs , and you have to connect to their server every time to `` activate '' it . Do n't Buy This Game ! you will regret it
 Fight the man , get rid of the terrible DRM commonplace in today 's computer software . it does no good -LRB- tens of thousands of pirates have gotten this game through torrents -RRB- and only serves to inconvenience EA 's actual customers . Show EA what you think by posting your own negative review here . Maybe they will get the point ... I for one WOULD BUY THIS GAME , but only when the DRM is gone . Until then , there are plenty of non DRM ` ed games out there .
 I was looking forward to playing this game , but after hearing about the DRM I am boycotting this game and will do the same on new EA titles . EA is only hurting and punishing the people who actually paid for the game and did the honest thing . I will not buy or play this game .
 The 3 installation requirement is lame and hurts the consumer not software pirates . It 's a shame that they had to ruin this game with the stupid drm requirements . I did buy the game and I think it deserves 1 star because of the DRM included with it . I 've spent thousands on Amazon over the years , but I 've never written a review until now . I also have been waiting for spore for years and years .
 I 'm really sick of being punished for being an honest consumer . People who pirate games do n't have to play with the CD in their drive , do n't have to shell out bucks , and face an almost zero barrier to entry
 This game is great , but I will not purchase it , and you should n't either . A message must be sent to these developers because DRM keeps getting worse and worse . I thought it was bad when I could n't play splinter cell I purchased anymore on vista , purely because of the copy protection not being compatible ... . it had nothing to do with the game itself not running . And now we have this . If we keep paying these developers that have these `` ideas '' , soon we will be paying by the hour for someone from the game developer to visit our homes and stand over our shoulders , then take the software with them , leaving us to have to schedule another time to play . Please , help protect our consumer rights .
 Came here to buy online . Read about DRM . Bad previous experience . No buy.PS . Heard the interview on NPR Science Friday and got excited . Would have bought even though some complaints about gameplay . Software companies need to hear the voice of the customer . Back to WOW or wait for Warcraft Online for me .
 Can I get my $ 50 and 2 year wait back?I think they forgot to put some `` Fun '' in this software . I really want to like this software , but I 'm more likely to uninstall it than play it again .
 I had a somewhat advanced graphics card and it seemed like it was good enough from the back of the box . I install it and then it tells me that all of the sudden that it simply wo n't work and just lets me read a notepad instead . If you have a Gateway , and you 've done nothing to it , it will not work , even though it probably could if they let it . Do n't try to register on EA either because every sort of screen you make , no matter what it is , they say it 's been taken and wo n't let you in .
 This is just more proof that EA does n't have much creativity - they try to buy out other companies that have it , then run them into the ground -LRB- westwood , anybody ? -RRB- . So much for their new initiative to make their company more innovative ... by including the most ridiculous and draconian DRM schemes ? No thanks .
 Be very aware that this item had DRM and you are only renting the used of the game not buying it .
 So I bought this game completely ignorant of DRM . Now that I understand what it is I feel compelled to join with the others and warn people -LRB- thought it may be a late warning -RRB- about this game.If you buy this game you will also get what amounts to a virus put on your computer that can not be removed save reformating . It can mess with hardware , opens a backdoor , blah blah . Read the other reviews , I do n't see the point in repeating everything they 've said.Just avoid this game .
 I 've never rated a game 5 stars . I was hoping to change that here . Spore is a cleverly thought out game with lots of dimentions . It is highly addictive , nice to watch on screen and can be played by many different age genres.There is a lot of gameplay to be had and exploration of how your style of playing will affect both your race and other races around you . Though having said that both myself and relations all rushed through the early stages to advance onto the next stages of evolution to see what the gameplay was like there and therefore completed the game well within a day.The creature and building creators are excellent with choices of colours and parts aplenty , however in practice I found the resulting evolution from editor choices extrememly basic . Two prime exmaples are : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Different leg and feet styles can give a level of say 1 or 2 to your speed within the creature creator . This is a maximum figure - if I created a spider with 8 legs , the game would not make this creature any faster than a humanoid with 2 of the same style legs . -LRB- 2 -RRB- You can control the placement of gun turrets within the city editor , however 10 of them are are incapable of knocking more than a few percent of an alien spaceship 's energy score off.Once at the space stage ,
 This game had possibilities . If you play it on easy & medium its too easy , if you play it on hard its too rigged . Playing it on hard just creates more random events that screw you over like pirates and invasions EVERY time you step anywhere away from your home planet . It makes it impossible to explore the galaxy on hard.The only difference in civilization stage on hard is that other empires are rigged with more cash and they keep ganging up on you with more money that is possible to make in the game . So no matter how much stuff you control you still are unable to kill 10 boats and 10 tanks coming at you every 2 minutes.There is no difference in difficulty level at the tribe staged except in the beginning when you get attacked by two tribes at once on hard.The hard creature difficulty just puts more overpowering creatures.The only good part of the game is the cell stage on hard , its challenging , and not rigged . Sometimes you get eaten , sometimes you do the eating.The game was supposed to be dynamic but its VERY static . You cant make choices . Aside from how a thing looks . Tribes have the ability to build 9 types of strictures . Count them 9 !! 3 as types of attacks , 3 as types of `` entertainment '' for other tribes . 3 to help out your tribe . Thats it ! That level lasts no more than 2 hrs on hard!Same thing with the civilization level -LRB- although I was unable to beat it on hard -RRB- there are only 4 types of buildings -LRB- house , factory , entertainment , central building -RRB- , and 3 types of vehicles -LRB- tank , boat , plane -RRB- . WTF is that bs ! How does a civilization get more primitive than a tribe . 9 buildings > 3 buildings !!! In the galaxy level all the planets more of less look the same . Unless it is inhabited or has something rare on it , you wont go explore it . There are only 3 things you can do with planets , colonize , conquer , buy . Half of the purpose of the galaxy level is to collect spices , like you have been doing for most of the game , except now they are different colors.Don ' t even get me started on DRM , people already posted a lot about that . BOOOOO @ EA for that BS.Unless you are a 12 year old girl , you probably will think this game is too simple and will get bored after you get to galaxy and never play it again .
 Having played through the game now , I 'm very disappointed . I was even willing to overlook the horrible DRM scheme that the game uses , but now I 'm sorry I bought it . Especially since the real purpose of the DRM scheme seems to be to make sure that I ca n't sell my copy to someone else now that I 'm done with it.The game itself is very shallow and gets old quickly as soon as you realize that all those changes to your creature do n't really make difference to how the game plays . It just makes it look different , and it has different stats . I wish they would have cut out the late-game strategy part and focused on making the earlier parts of the game more interesting . As it stands , it just feels like there 's not much game here . Well , actually there are a lot of pieces of game here , it 's just that none of them are much fun . It seems like they tried to add so many different stages to the game that they forgot to make sure that each stage is actually fun to play.Certainly not worth the money , especially since you ca n't really sell it when you 're done due to the fact that they only allow 3 activations , and nobody is going to want to buy it if they ca n't be sure it will work . Great way to kill the used game market . At best I 'd wait until you can pick this up for $ 20 or less .
 EA just disgusts me the way they treat paying customers . You have a lot of nerve EA , three installs and I have to call , on my nickle ? Unbelievable ! Well thanks , but you deserve the single star you 're getting here.What if you have a laptop and a desktop ? That 's two of my 3 installs right there ... some of us reinstall windows like every six months , or god forbid a hard drive crashed . Truly lame , I 'll be avoiding EA games since they seem to not care at all about their customers , forcing these intrusive copy protection schemes like SecureRom on us.Overall the game is somewhat fun , not worth all the hype but it is enjoyable . It 's amazing to explore these alien worlds and build huge cities . I do feel somewhat taken though , given the full price , plus the previous price for the editor , oh and if I want the iphone version it 's another 10 bucks . Wow , EA really has shown their true colors here.If you 're thinking about buying this , try something else , wait until EA removes the SR protection , and if they do n't , you can tell your kids or grand kids you were one for the smart ones .
 I feel bad writing this , because Will Wright is clearly a genius , of the first order , and there are places in this game where that genius reveals itself in the beauty and complexity of the game that clearly shines through , this , but there were clearly members of the development team that were not up to snuff.Good points - The model for designing creatures and ships is EXCELLENT -LRB- very analogous to that of Galactic Civilizations 2 -LSB- Galciv -RSB- -RRB- - The ages are uneven - Microbe stage appears to have been directly inspired or involved the developer who wrote `` Flow '' - The model for the creature evolution is where the game REALLY SHINES and this area clearly garnished the most attention and at another price point is worth the price of admission . - The terraforming -LRB- t-score -RRB- model seems quite good , another area where a great deal of depth and attention was paid . - Graphics and Rendering - are beautiful - perhaps not on the par with some of the more photo-realistic games on other platforms but still - very playable.Bad Points - Gameplay - while exploration is key to the game and easily something that could be incredibly engrossing , there is a matter of the other races , raiders , pirates , enemies & Grox and innumerable other problems , which devastatingly cripple the experience , they force you to spend all your time shooting it up or housekeeping to the point where that 's basically all you do . Some months on , there is a patch which makes the frequency of these `` housekeeping '' tasks adjustable -LRB- although this is tricky -RRB- , it makes the game wonderfully enjoyable . - Lookups - Total lack of secondary search capability , most 4x4 games have had such features for nearly 20 years , and while it 's a criticism with these games that sometimes feels like you 're playing an Excel sheet , you really miss it when it 's not there . - Exploration model - a very minor criticism is explore planets model seems derivative from the old game `` Alien Legacy '' . - Diplomacy - I 'll reserve my comment on this just yet but it 's seems far too simple for a complex game , particularly at the space level , after some time playing , it seems adequate if not particularly good . - Apparently there is DRM swarm attack , Perhaps -LRB- and I 'm just spit balling here -RRB- EA should develop a DRM remover tool when folks uninstall the game , to save ALOT of face here.So Will Wright get 's an award for putting together a game is a dream to install and mainly as a program hangs together amazingly well , is smooth in it 's transitions and contains an astounding level of depth . The disasters , and random events people can go home .
 This is a game that I was planning on buying without ever playing it personally . It was an exciting concept and one from an amazing game designer -LRB- Will Wright -RRB- , but the partnership with EA is its doom for me.The DRM EA uses on this game makes it an unusable waste of space for me . I often uninstall and reinstall games as I need space and my attentions drift and limiting me to only 3 installs is paramount to me being able to play it for a little under a year.Many of the game CDs I still have are nearly 10 years old , some actually for OSs I have to emulate because they have been EOL . The number of times I have installed these games probably is counted between 50-100 times . I have n't pirated them , I bought them and enjoy having them.I fully support video game manufacters and I purchase every game I have -LRB- although some games I wish to play first hand before dropping the cash for them by either renting or visiting someone with the game -RRB- , but DRM is something that deters me from purchasing or even playing the game.I am sorry , Will , I would have really liked to have seen what your latest masterpiece has achieved , but EA has seen fit that that will not happen .
 Would you buy a car if you knew the manufacturer put a kill-switch in it to quit working after you refilled the gas tank or got the engine tuned ? The car is yours , so you should be able to do to it as you please within the law . The same should hold true for software , and the Digital Rights Management software employed with Spore is a kill-switch for when you change your computer .
 In no uncertain terms will I accept this kind of license from any company claiming to `` sell '' a game . You are basically paying money for an extremely flawed and one sided license . This game is n't for sale , it 's not even for rent , it 's basically up to EA 's discretion for how long they want to keep it alive.When EA was done with several games they just shut down the activation servers and screw all the people that PURCHASED the game forever . These conditions are reprehensible . EA will never have the option of my business EVER again .
 Played the game at a friend 's house , really cool stuff , but I refuse to pay for it until the rootkits and malware invasions of privacy that is Securom is removed for good .
 After waiting over a year to finally play this game , I am very disappointed . EA decided to put a strict DRM on the game and it basically locked my computer from playing this game . After being on hold with EA for nearly an hour , they determined that it was because of my video card drivers . I 'm using video card drivers from Nvidia 's website and apparently it was n't good enough?I do not recommend this product .
 Unbelievable . I came here ready to shell out $ 50 for the game . Literally , my credit card is on the table . If it 's good , I was going to buy two more copies for my sisters whose birthdays are this month.FORGET IT . DRM that is based on changes of certain piece of hardware is the most draconian , backwards form there is.Dear EA
 I installed spore , and I started getting computer freezes . I reformatted my HD , reinstalled OS and loaded spore again , still freezes . I contacted spore ea help , only to be given the run around -LRB- upgrade drivers , computer to low quality , empty temp folder , etc -RRB- . I have a top of the line home made computer , so I knew it was n't the computer . I asked EA customer support over and over for the uninstaller for the DRM SecuRom , but each avoided the question and sent me on another wild goose chase . Finally I have formatted my HD again , and reinstalled my OS . This time NO Spore on my computer and its working great again . I hear also the Sims 3 will have it :--LRB- Guess No more EA games for my family . We not only `` rent '' the games , but have to deal with crashes due to software that treats us like thieves . No thanks EA !
 This game , even after the patches which came out right after its release , crashes at every opportunity . It is not a reliable game . It is not fun to play because when progress is achieved , it crashes -LRB- somehow it knows exactly when you plan to save and intervenes -RRB- . Of course , it does n't help that I ca n't play the game behind a firewall due to the connectivity required for DRM . The game has no additional value when connected to the internet , anyway .
 I wo n't mention the DRM aspect because as one can see , it has been mentioned plenty , which is needed because it is utterly ridiculous.However , even the game is a complete letdown . There is no evolutionary effects as you progress . There is no effect on your creature and the environment . In fact , your in complete control as you add parts to your creature whenever you want . And it does nothing to the evolution process or environment except add stats to your creature . Because you can change anything whenever you want , oh wait , I already said that.I was expecting a very complex evolutionary process as the game had been presented prior to playing it yet being extremely fun and simplistic . Oh , it 's simplistic all right.The first stage boils down to you picking your cell to be either a carnivore or herbivore . The only difference is , instead of eating red balls , you eat green balls . And this is the entire cell stage . After 10 minutes or less you 'll grow and end up on land . End cell stage ... Before I write a novel about how unrewarding this game is , I will just say this game has no replay value . The best feature about this game , is the creature creator . But even this is very flawed . For instance , stats do not stack for parts . There is no difference in adding 1 spike or 20 spikes , you 'll still get +2 strike , or whatever the stat may be . Therefore , there is no point in making your creature unique to you . You 'll end up being governed by odd parts you do n't even want to get the stats you want . But playing your creature , forget it . Every stage is exactly the same each play through.I 'll admit , the game was entertaining on my first play through too space , but once I went to play it again , I was done after 3 minutes because there is just no replay value . There is not enough depth at any stage . And what is really frustrating , is your allowed to play the stage as long as you want , but once you reach your max DNA points in that stage -LRB- which is very very quickly -RRB- you ca n't even gain anymore rendering playing that stage further completely and utterly useless and forcing you to advance to the next stage.I just want to mention one more thing out of the many let downs this game has with its retail release . The tribal and civilization stages are a total letdown . There is absolutely no depth at all . Think of an RTS game , except with only 1-3 functions . Tribal stage
 Silly me , I did n't know about the DRM before I bought the game . So , now I 'm stuck with a game that I can only install two more times before I have a $ 50 coaster . And , I 'm planning on upgrading in the next couple of months , then it will be one more install . I sure do hope I do n't have to wipe my system for any reason ... Hooray for DRM . Thanks EA , and good luck getting me to buy another one of your games .
 That ; s the toughest . Trying to see the monkey defacing the tribal wall .
 This could have been a great game , but was really hurt by an absolutely ridiculous DRM scheme , not to mention it does n't come close to living up to the hype that surrounded it.The most important thing to look at here is I have no intention of shelling out $ 50 for what is basically a rental . If the activation servers have a problem or if I upgrade my computer to much or reformat it , I 'm in trouble.I am glad we are sending a message to EA and letting them know we 're not going to take this . We gamers deserve a company that does n't treat us like thieves . Hopefully the awareness we are raising about this DRM issue will let them know how serious we are about this.I looked forward to this game for a long , long time . Lots of my friends did as well . We 're not going to support EA however by buying it while they continue to treat us like this .
 I was about to buy this but I saw the all reviews about the game 's DRM . I do n't really need any rootkits on my PC , so no thanks .
 Not to mention the DRM ... Besides the DRM , this game was designed to not work with laptops , so it 's a hard time controlling the Tribe stage .
 I will not buy a product that has to `` call home '' every few plays , and unbelievably , still has you put the disc in the drive . Stop treating your customers like criminals !
 Sorry EA , I wo n't be buying your product because of this DRM . Limiting installs to 3 ? Are you serious ?
 it would be one thing if the long wait for this game was because of revolutinary gameplay but everything about this is so average , from the graphics to the management . I literally fell asleep at the computer.I also would not recomend this game for anyone that is a computer hobbyist , with the drm it makes it impossibl to do fresh installs.btw , those that say you do n't actually own games according to the license , well that is bs , with games on consoles you can buy , sell , and trade the games you buy on ebay or ebworld , not this one . infuriating .
 I 've been an avid fan of sim games in general and was really looking forward to Spore but the included DRM `` feature '' just kills it for me . I 've made the the mistake of thinking that since I did n't pirate the game the DRM would n't effect me one too many times -LRB- Neverwinter Nights 2 I 'm looking at you -RRB- . I just ca n't imagine purchasing a game with an installed DRM component or excessive limitations on use . I hope that EA reconsiders so that I can buy what looks like a truly wonderful game .
 Firstly , this game did n't live up to its hype . It 's just too simple . I enjoy games that involve depth and many different playstyles , but Spore just does n't provide this for me.Secondly , after I was thoroughly disappointed by the game itself , I am left with the malicious DRM software that EA included with the game . If you install this game , you are installing spyware willingly . The copy protection involved in this game is so malicious that I regret installing it at all . Now I 'm left worrying about my computer being slowed down by the paranoid DRM software left behind by a bad game that I wish I never tried.My advice?If you are less than ~ 10 years old
 My son and I had been looking forward to this game for a long time . We had so much fun with the creature creator we figured they would continue to allow us to be creative and individuals . Well then they released it and locked it down with the worst type of DRM out there . Basically they expect me to rent the game for $ 50 for me and another $ 50 for my son if we want to both have our own accounts.I have a wife and two other sons that will want to play it before long but there is no way I am spending $ 250.00 for a game that when it comes down to it I do n't even own . I am a software developer and I routinely upgrade computers or reinstall operating systems on a very regular basis . I would burn through the 3 activations in a matter of months and then I would be left with a coaster.I always prefer to buy software to support the developers as I am one myself but when the developers treats every customer as a pirate then sometimes the best way to treat them is to prove them right.This is a definite NO-BUY until they change their view and get rid of the DRM and allow the whole family to enjoy the game together without breaking the bank.Thanks for making my son cry , I will be spending my dollars elsewhere .
 Skipping the horrible DRM issues -LRB- which are enough to warrant the game a score of zero -RRB- what we have here is a generic RTS game.Forget any ideas of evolution or discovery . Nothing you do in the cell and amazingly dull creature stages as ANY effect on the game , since you can totally redesign your creature at any point during these stages , and right before the Tribal stage.As soon as you get to the tribal stage , the first thing you are told is to drag the mouse to select multiple units , click on resources to star gathering them , then click on your town hall to start building things ... . ah , so original ... all hype , no substance.I was amazed seeing the review here on Amazon , I do n't think any product has ever earned such a massively negative backlash . It is well deserved , on so many levels .
 The game had potential , but once I found out it would have SecuROM , I decided I did n't want it . I 've been a fan of the Sims since it first came out , but once The Sims 2 Bon Voyage -LRB- the first Sims game to have SecuROM -RRB- broke my DVD burner , I stopped buying all games with SecuROM on them . Hopefully EA will get a hint and switch back to their old anti-piracy protection , but until that day comes , I 'm boycotting all EA computer games .
 I was so excited to play this , but apparently it 's not designed to run on the newer multi-GPU machines . My nVidia 9800 GX2 video card brought up an error message asking me to update my drivers . I updated my drivers as it requested , but it did n't help . If you have a multi-GPU machine , do n't buy this . I even tried it on my older multi-GPU machine with the same results .
 What kind of game is this ? It punishes the consumer?It only allows you to install it 3 times , after that you need to call a toll number for a reinstallation ... What happens if you have disk failures and or a virus attacks , and you are forced to reinstall it?I bought the game , the kids like it - but I pray everyday that my computer wo n't die.My kids are still young , they love to play around with the computer and try out new things . . let 's hope I do n't end up with a expensive coaster .
 Not happening , DRM is the bane of all that is good ! I would have bought multiple copies too , darn .
 I was really looking forward to purchasing Spore , but EA 's decision to use securom DRM convinced me to save my money .
 I had been looking forward to this game for years , but the SecuROM DRM totally ruined it for me . Not only are the limited activations annoying , but the game wo n't even run if you run the standard Microsoft utility Process Explorer , which I use all the time.It is only worth installing if you plan on installing it on a dedicated machine that will never need to be reinstalled or reactivated . In other words , do n't mess with it.Hopefully this is the last SecuROM train-wreck that gets released . I really miss playing games on my PC . Maybe I can find a cracked version somewhere so I can get my money 's worth . SecuROM makes pirates . It is almost malware .
 It wo n't make EA change anything , but I also will never purchase a game that is DRM 'd to hell . You have to get me away from WoW anyway , and there are several games that have me interested ; we 'll see how they stand up to the DRM test .
 EA 's choice to abuse its near-monopolistic control of the market to force increasingly invasive DRM down our throats is unforgivable . I have not bought Bioshock , Mass Effect or Spore , nor will I buy any game from EA in the future . I sincerely hope this entire company goes out of business , and they serve as a lesson for other studios thinking of pulling similar actions of hate against their customers .
 We do n't want DRM crud on our computer because it is essentially a form of spyware or even could be considered a virus . I did n't even know about SecuROM until I read these reviews and found the folder sitting HIDDEN on my computer . I 'm not paying EA to SPY on my legit use of the software they released .
 I never liked this game ... actually i hated itcome on you play with ugly looking MONSTERS etc so i decided to skip this ugly gameBut what happened is i got that friend who keeps saying how revolutionary this game is well its INDEED ... its a revolutionary when it comes to DRMYou can only install the game 3 times EVER ... what about people who format there pcs every a while ? for example i have Laptop/Desktop at home and another desktop in my office so if i install the game 3 times then that 's it i cant install it again if any of my pcs broke downAlso you must have online connection to active it + the game install a VIRUS on your PC that checks your pc for pirated Games -LRB- Which slow down your PC -RRB- and you can not remove itwhat the hell EA ?
 Looking forward to playing this game . However , I wo n't pay for a product that is so crippled by DRM . I feel bad for the developers being so very punished for EA 's poor decisions , as I 'm sure this game is quite fun .
 I wo n't buy it.DRM makes otherwise innocent people criminals before the law -LRB- at least while the DMCA is still on the books -RRB- . Because the DRM scheme has been shown to be ineffective -LRB- read
 The installer failed to create any shortcuts or Start menu items . We had to go hunting to find the executable , and then created our own shortcut . -LRB- OS
 This new DRM EA has started using on it 's products -LRB- including Spore -RRB- only allows a maximum of 3 installs.If you pay $ 50 for a game , you deserve to actually OWN the game . DRM does not work . While honest people are paying for gimped games , pirates just download them for free . If anything , this has made more people illegally download Spore because they 're tired of the horrible DRM .
 If you have already bought this game , read the EULA carefully . You give up your rights to do anything to EA -LRB- including respecting international contract law -RRB- . Avoid at all costs . Oh and good luck trying to clean your pc after you remove the game , cause the DRM doesnt leave .
 the game may be worth purchasing if your a sims fan . its a digital Mr patatohead man crossed with free-to-play internet arcade games . those looking for more engaging gameplay however will be disapointed .
 I recently bought spore . and while it has been an amazingly fun game i have not been able to enter into the tribal phase of the game.My machine more than covers the specs needed for the game to run and it worked amazingly well -LRB- even with the visual effects at full capacity -RRB- . i was worried initialy that it was my computer but i went online to see if anyone else had suffered from this problem . I followed the suggestions on lowering the game setting and i checked to make sure all the nessecary software to go with it was up to date.even after all this it did not work and found that it had not been working for several people . in adition to freezing at this point people have had games that wont even start , or where they could continue through the game with out certian components of the game functioning.As for the DRM issue , i have no problem with this . I do not plan on constantly un-instaling . and they do give you the option to play off line when your internet is not working . though it is a lot cooler getting to see other peoples creations in your game.so all in all , i would definately recomend this game . however i would also caution you to wait untill many of these issues have cleared up and there is at least a patch avaliable for the game .
 *** UPDATE *** Well , its been a month with the game and no one in my family plays it anymore . The game got boring pretty fast and did n't hold my kids attention very long . Definetly not worth $ 50 ! Now I have to live with SecureROM permantly loaded on my system ... *** UPDATE *** Okay , I hate the DRM scheme and the fact that a 30 second search on the net will find a work-around proves that DRM only hurts paying customers . That said , the game is fun and both the kids and I enjoy playing it . I 'm concerned about the 3 installs limit and I hope EA opens this to something more reasonable , say 10 . But I can see the replay-ability growing thin over time so I do not feel that 2 years from now I will care much about it or the draconian DRM employed in this game . On the bright side , you do not need the disc in the drive to play which is a plus.The real problem I had is the EA download manager -LRB- a bad Steam wanna-be -RRB- . It fires up each time you start the game and then eats up 100 % of the CPU with a process called core.exe . Every time I have to pop back out of the game and exit out of the download manager to get the process to shut down . After doing this , the performance is acceptable in the game . For Creature Creator there was a dll that would correct this , but it does n't work for the full game.I gave this game 2 stars because no matter how great the game it , the full experience is what matters . While not as bad as the Sony root-kit debacle which is a definite a 1 star , SecureROM with a 3 load limit is pretty close .
 I went through the same hassle with mass effects I will NOT do it again . I work on computers for a living and end up switching hard drives and other components as well as reformatting my PC very often . Calling EA is a huge hassle I WILL not pay 60 $ for a video game just to be treated like a pirate because I choose to replace my computer components or reload my OS .
 As much as it pains me to say it it 's not all bad . For the time the graphics were not too shabby . The creature creator was not perfect but it was interesting . Before the release this game was said to be very ambitious . People talked of being able to follow a species from the lowest to greatest and I guess you can in a way . However each stage in your creatures evolution leaves much to be desired . They are overly simple and not much fun to play once you have beat them once . I would say I got maybe 5-6 hours out of this game when it was released . I was hoping it would be one of those games you come back to but I have not touched it since.Disappointing considering the potential this game had . : -LRB-
 Far far far from the original concept and vision of the game . Completely dumbed down and linear , creature creator is only good for asthetics and doesnt effect anything else other then body part attributes -LRB- shape doesnt matter -RRB- . BAD !
 This game is a lot of fun . However , there are two major problems :1 . DRM - I 'm not a fan of this . I paid for the game , I should own the game . Stop treating paying customers like they 're stealing .2 . There is no auto save function . I hate it when I 've been playing for an hour and the game crashes . There went an hour of work.If EA would fix these issues I 'd give it a 5 star rating . Till then One star it is . As much fun as it is to play , I would n't buy this again or I would return it if I could .
 Good game or not , installation of the DRM is ridiculous , particularly with how invasive it is.Stop trying to fight it EA , or you 're going to learn the hard way like the Music Industry did.Don ' t buy this game until they remove the DRM .
 I have yet to see a DRM worse than the one included with this game . I mean , it is incredibly awesome for EA , because it makes people who buy it have to buy it again if they reinstall Window $ a few times or have any hardware failures . . Perhaps everyone should buy this game just to help EA out ?
 WOW I 've never been swayed by reviews ... but today ... wow.So I 've been anticipating this , following it for the better part of a year . Then paycheck came today , so I deposited and came to Amazon to buy . I wanted to share my high-fives with other gamers that this game had changed the course of gaming history , so I scrolled down to see ... it had a rating of 1 ??? This could n't be possible ... Then I read the reviews . And oh yeah , without even playing , it 's getting a 1 star from me too . And there 's no way I 'm buying this game .
 Beware ! As soon as this game 's publisher -LRB- EA -RRB- decides to turn off their authentication computers , the product you bought essentially turns into a fifty dollar drink coaster . That 's not a risk I 'd be willing to take with my money . Wait for this one to hit the bargain bin , folks .
 EA basically wants you to rent their game for $ 50 . Frankly , the price is too high for a game that you can only install three times . EA showed no respect for the paying customer with this move . I would understand the need for entering a code , even for an online activation , but I do n't want limitations in the number of times I can reinstall my game . I enjoyed the demo , but , because of DRM , I 'm not going to buy this game .
 I was planning to buy this one , it looks fun . I refuse to pay for something that attacks my OS though . Typically , as with most DRM and all those anti piracy warnings on DVDs -LRB- etc -RRB- , it only affects actual paying customers negatively.Maybe they should go back to hardware dongles for games - I did n't really have an issue with those .
 Its sad to see a gaming genius like Will Wright allow his brainchild to be bastardized by such invasive DRM . Imagine if the great masterpieces of the world were all bridled by such restrictions , what a world that would be . This is the first major volley fired by conglomerates that see to control what we play , watch , hear and think .
 Game = fun -LRB- for the 40 minutes I 've dedicated to it so far -RRB- EA = not fun -LRB- enough can go wrong without their phone home root kits -RRB- This game was cracked and available last week . They cripple the people that purchase their game `` to protect from piracy '' The pirates are the only ones playing it hassle free ... I had preordered a while back and never bothered to check if they were gon na use any DRM as I would n't expect anyone to do something as dumb as what EA did.Unfortunately I found out to late . I 'll just get the reload if they do n't patch it out . Could have just canceled my order and reloaded it last week . Sucks to be EA -LRB- again -RRB- .
 I played the game and I loved the character creator . It was a lot of fun making creatures . But when I was done and began playing the game , I realized it was very easy , flat , straight-forward . Less than mediocre.Then the game would n't allow me to play because of the excellent DRM . -LRB- I bought it brand new from the store -RRB- . This sucks , I 'm going to rebox it and sell it on eBay . Very disappointing.Lousy game made much worse by the absolutely horrid DRM .
 The game itself is fun , but the fact that it loaded another virus-type program that monitors usage of the game is totally unacceptable . I gave it to my brother . He has a crppy computer that he can play it on ,
 People listen , you do not want this DRM spyware/malware on your machine . just read all these reviews , people wouldnt take the time to make accounts and post this stuff unless there was a good reason for it.So will it crash your operating system ? YES it could.Will it stop working after you payed 50 $ , YES it will.Will they use your internet connection without you knowing it to track your habits ? YES they will.SO seriously Do Not Buy This Game .
 After all the hype and hoopla over this game i got really pumped up over playing it.Shame it falls so fataly short of what it was supposed to be.The beginning of the game is such a grindfest that even the Barista at Starbucks could complain about it.After dealing with the drag of the first two stages you finally get into Tribal stage.And there is where you hit the brick wall as for the learning curve.The camera is garbage , the interface is poorly designed.all in all a half decent game from Maxis that EA tore all the fun out of .
 Of money , time , etc. . We knew about the DRM but bought Spore anyway . We hated it . Way too violent and kind of boring . We ca n't resell it because the registration is permanently tied to our email address . We do n't recommend Spore or its parent company EA . The only use for used Spore CDs is a monument to horrible customer service .
 This game had so much hype and potential , but the final product is rather limited and dissapointing . First of all , the game loses a lot of its fun once you get past the first two evolutionary stages
 Let me say first off that the SecuROM or the limited activations do not affect me one bit - I bought this game for myself and there 's noone else around to play it.I was a big Spore fan . I 've always loved Maxis games and 've been faithful for them behind the project , too . I 've waited for the game for over a year - to find , this ... The game starts out good , but as you play it you 'll find its somehow been dumbed down to a 5 year old 's game . A KIDDY game . The cell stage is the only part I found attractive . They skipped the sea creature stage , made the ordinary creature stage incredibly linear -LRB- you basically walk around while other creatures just stay at their nest -RRB- , the tribe and civ stage are horridly dumbed down excuses of RTS 's , and the space stage is , well -LRB- kudos if you 've played that far -RRB- , extremely boring and tedious.I do n't know who came to Will Wright with a gun to his head and took over this project , nor did I know they were going to make this a game intended for 10 and under - but that 's what it essentially is.Check out forum boards across the net , Spore is a major dissapointment for everyone that was so hyped up about it . They had a premise for an incredible game , and lo and behold MAXIS , of all producers , has failed.Sorry to say it . I do n't recomment this game . Personally , all I have to hope for now is Starcraft II or Diablo 3 . Check those out .
 The DRM on this game is absolutely ridiculous , limiting it to three installs has to be one of the worst ideas that I have ever heard . I was very excited about this game , but I will not purchase it because of sheer the principle of it , I refuse to support Electronic Arts and their ridiculous anti-piracy limits .
 When the pirated version of a game is less detrimental to your system health than the officially sanctioned version , something is wrong.Consider this a signed note of protest for all companies who are considering the same DRM-scheme .
 I use my computer for business as well -LRB- banking -RRB- and ca n't install the game due to the DRM system employed . Not quite as bad as a rootkit but a risk I ca n't accept
 I was going to buy this game . I 'm not a gamer , but I 've seen this game , and it looks fantastic . Maybe the most engaging game -LRB- for me -RRB- since Myst . But then I started reading about the DRM . I have a laptop for business and 2 desktops at home . I do some security and development work , and I 'm always doing something with one or both machines.I could use 1 system for Spore and probably not have to re-install XP very often , I know I would be angry if EA made me re-register for re-installing XP . I know I would be incredibly angry if I upgraded hardware and it asked me to re-register . And a limit of 3 registrations?I 'm buying a game , not lighting money on fire . There 's NO WAY I want to have a $ 50 brick after 3 registrations . If EA wants to run a dictatorship , I hope they realize that the buying public is going to penalize them for it.Consumers , be wary . Do n't buy this game until EA changes their business model . Do you want Securom installed on your computer ? I do n't . What if someone exploits Securom and gets into your PC ? Is EA going to cover you for your losses ? I strongly doubt it . EA does n't care about you , they only care about themselves . It 's that kind of faithless `` accuse everyone of being criminals '' attitude that I dislike about EA . I 'm not a criminal , I 'm a citizen with disposable income.Good luck .
 Having had to keep a CD or DVD on hand for other titles when the game requires it , hunting on your desk for the box or case or slip tends to take alot of fun out of the entire game process.Whilst the concept and the look of Spore is fantastic the DRM/Copy protection scheme belongs on a title 10 years ago , and even then the process of swapping discs really wore thin , not to mention the damage to drives and the discs with constantly swapping discs in and out -LRB- who has a optical drive thats dedicated to every title they own ? Not me ! -RRB- I can not recommend this game for this reason , best to hold off until they release a more sensible version thats more in favor of the users sanity .
 I wonder if companies like EA will ever get the message that they are treating their paying customers like criminals while doing NOTHING to stop the piracy they pretend to be so concerned about . Ideas like SecureROM belong in the deepest darkest pits of hell .
 Yes , you 've heard , but I 'll reiterate ... the DRM is way overboard . Three installs , which is perfectly normal WITHOUT any sort of piracy happening , from a game I 'd hope to play for years ... Painful . I 'm not happy .
 I had been waiting for this game for well over a year . Not going to buy it until they fix the DRM and spyware .
 Spore was supposed to be the amazing game of this fall . Well , after playing it for a few days , I 've un-installed it in favor of wasting time in front of the TV . Plus , now I just lost one of my 3 installs . Thanks , EA .
 Only 3 installs ? I do n't care how good a game is , overly restrictive DRM ruins it.I pre-ordered the game from amazon , but I am going to return it unopened unless EA does something about this DRM nightmare.Sorry Will Wright , you picked the wrong publisher .
 The DRM on this game is absolutely appalling . You get 3 chances to install and play this game or else you are on the phone with EA begging them to give you another chance . This game is as it is labeled ... A RENTAL ! Eventually in the no-so-distant future there will come a time where you can no longer play the game even though you have a perfectly capable platform to play it on . I started playing Asteroids on my Atari 2600 twenty years ago and today I still play Asteroids on my Atari 2600 and I will still be playing Asteroids on my 2600 long after Spore is extinct due to DRM limitations.The DRM implemented on this game is frivolous . It serves as nothing but a punishment to all the people spending their good hard-earned money on the game . Pirates already have cracked the game and it is being downloaded by the tens of thousands now because of this mishap versus just the thousands . It did nothing to slow them down , only gave one more reason to honest folk not to purchase the game . Bravo EA . Thank you for supporting piracy .
 I was so excited about this upcoming game , having loved pretty much every piece of software from this programmer . And now , it 's here with a major disappointment
 Children will love the graphics . Some non-gaming women will love the graphics . But that 's about all there is . The game play is way too simple -- no challenge here . And the DRM is just silly stupid.I have high hopes for PCs and Macs as game platforms to compete with dedicated consoles , but take your $ 50 and pour it into Bioshock or Halo 3 or similar for the XBox . You 'll enjoy it much more .
 Putting in a draconian drm system to punish the gamers who want to legally purchase your game is a very bad plan .
 I am returning my product , unopened , as defective since it is loaded with the SecureROM DRM and activation limit . For those of you who want to email someone that your complaints matter to , here are the emails of the PR for EA.EA Partners , EALA & Blueprint -LRB- Spore , LMNO , Red Alert 3 , Mercenaries 2 , Rock Band , Crysis , Left 4 Dead , RAGE -RRB- * Bryce Baer , Director -LRB- bbaer@ea.com -RRB- * Amanda Taggart , Manager -LRB- ataggart@ea.com -RRB- * Nikki Flynn , Publicist -LRB- nflynn@ea.com -RRB- * Andrew Wong , Manager -LRB- anwong@ea.com -RRB- * Devin Bennett , Senior Publicist -LRB- devinb@ea.com -RRB-
 Gott the message ? DRM is bad for consumers and big business alike . No company can thrive while it 's mocking it 's consumers . DRM does that , it spits in my face . Why do you spit in my face , EA?Examples of all that is wrong etically and moraly i long , but in real life ? Here is one of the latest with DRM issues , and not getting answers from EA ... . http://www.crymod.com/thread.php?threadid=34805
 I installed this game yesterday under Windows Vista . Xfire did n't detect it , so I figured I would uninstall and try to reinstall the game as an Administrator . Boom , 2 installs gone . Well , Vista sucks so I installed it on my XP computer instead , there goes my three installs . I hope I do n't have to reformat my computer in the near future before the game gets boring.Oh wait , the game already is boring . I made it to the civilization stage in just a few hours of playing yesterday.Don ' t buy this game , the DRM is crap and the game is crap .
 I have no problem buying the game , I 'm not trying to pirate it or support piracy , but I 'm voting this down because of the DRM . Loose the DRM bullcrap and it would be a great game .
 I had better luck installing Vista than this game . I should have known that it would be a pain since EA was in charge . Okay I did n't really have better luck installing Vista , it was about the same .
 I 've played the game and found it quite fun . Even the simplistic beginning stages that reviewers are complaining about . I would buy it if not for the DRM . And you people who say the DRM does n't bother them either seem to have no principles , or are n't thinking ahead . This is a game that has tremendous replay value if you like it . Would n't you want to be able to install it on your future computers ? Do n't you ever wipe your hard drive and reinstall windows because it 's running sluggish ? Why would anyone give a corporation that kind of control over a product they spent good money on ? And DRM does nothing to combat piracy . This game was pirated on the net before it came out in stores and guess what ? The pirates do n't have to worry about DRM . It 's only the paying customers who are punished with DRM and always has been .
 Game is great ... that aside this is strickly to comment that EAs fascist , capitalist crap needs to stop ! The piratees are n't even fazed by their feeble attempts , this hurts the casual gamer who is trying to enjoy a game -- oopps system crash , wait a minute already installed 3 times ! ... I got hosed !
 The DRM that is used on this game makes the game nearly impossible to installIf you have any software installed that can be used to copy cd 's or if you have multiple cd drives , the game may not run as the securom DRM wont let youanother problem if you do ever get the game running , you have a 3 activation limit , so if you 2 times after the first install , it wont work anymore and you will have to call EA and beg for 1 more activation -LRB- so every time you want to reinstall , you will have to call EA -RRB- this gurantees that the EA support lines are always packed so you will generally be on hold for over an hourthen after that , you will have to prove you own the game and a cd key is not proof . which is a major annoyance and in many cases if the workers is not 100 % convinced you own the game , they wont give you a extra activation , and you will have to call again and spend another hour on hold and hope you get a different worker on the phoneDRM is suppose to stop piracy but how can it the only people who suffer through the DRM are the paying customers , prates never see any of this crapAvoid all new EA games as you will be dealing with the same securom crapanother problem with securom , it delays your system startup due to a kernel level driver that installs which it uses to monitor the hardware and software in your pc -LRB- if and you cant disable it with out damaging windows , the only way to disable it is to manually uninstall the securom , which is a long and annoying process -RRB- avoid EA at all costs or you will just by buying a $ 50 spore cup coaster because that 's all you will be able to do with the game
 Yet again EA has dropped the ball . Not only do they treat their employees terribly -LRB- see http://news.cnet.com/Electronic-Arts-settles-overtime-suit/2110-1047_3-6065011.html -RRB- , but they also treat their customers like criminals right from the start when they release games like Spore that are almost unplayable even for legitimate purchasers of the game , due to the massive amount of DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -RRB- in the game . EA only thinks about making profits and does n't care about releasing a good game . Too bad Will Wright did n't go to a different publishing company , Spore might have been a good game . As it is , do n't buy this because you will spend so much time being pestered by DRM that you wo n't have any time to enjoy the game itself .
 When will this stop ! This is the second game this summer I 've refused to buy because of DRM . Wake up PC gaming industry ! Stop crippling your games . I want to buy this game . I want to own this game . I want to be able to play my game whenever I want . I will pay full price for this . But I will pay nothing when you put this crap in your games . People wonder why the PC gaming market is declining . This must be part of the reason .
 Both me and my son were looking forward to Spore , since the idea sounded interesting . Once I 've heard about the DRM we decided to keep our money . Here is our message to EA : We will not give you a single cent for any product that limits the number of times we can install it .
 I may not have purchased this game but after not only looking up videos of the creature creator and Seeing gameplay vids in action I have decided that this game is not worth my buying considering it does not live up to the expectation that games like Sim city and the Sims left me long ago , however there is one other problem that many talked about and that was the Digital Rights Management that was implemented in this game . I can not understand how the creator Will Wright allowed the limitation to his fans by going along with the three install limit , but the biggest issue for me was the simple fact that SecuROM was being used , which does not have a good reputation and does not uninstall , as well as limiting people to one account only I can not fully endorse this game because I do not see the genius of Will Wright with this game , I see lost potential in this game and I can not support something that does n't live up to its potential any more . I reccommend that people do their research before sinking their money in this game .
 so bought spore . i tried to install it on one of my computers offline . it says it cant start because it is n't connected to the internet . could n't you register it with a phone or something ? and whats with this only three installs ? well its more like renting it than buying it . dont buy
 I purchased Spore the day it came out . The game was fine up to the space stage , with little to no bugs . Then the space stage hit . It was amazingly hard , with your planets getting attacked literally every half a minute . Sometimes my home planet would be attacked before I even finished off the original attackers . After spending hours and hours of being killed over and over , I finally managed to get rid of all the enemies that declared war on me just because I met them . I thought this would quit the raids , but it did n't , instead of the empires attacking me , random pirates would attack me , and the raids continued.When I finally got enough defenses on the planets to where I could ignore that , I found a whole galaxy full of wonder . This got me excited , since I could finally do what I wanted , explore . I started exploring , and whilst doing so distributing colonies out to new systems . There 's a very annoying bug that when you shoot a colony distributor down , it flys into space instead of towards the planet . The game keeps you on the planet till the colony is made , so I pretty much could n't do anything because the colony would never hit the planet . I realized all the work I had done was gone because the saving mechanic in the game is ridiculous , and I had to restart the game and do it all over again.Not only that , but the DRM is annoying as hell . At first it was ok , but then problems started showing up at every turn . I want to change my windows version , but I 'm afraid to do that lest I end up on the phone with EA listening to their horrible hold music for 3 hours trying to get it figured out . I know people who pirate this game just to avoid the DRM . Is n't that ridiculous ? Eventually , game publishers need to realize that punishing the people who PAY for your game is n't how you stop pirates .
 I bought this game the day it was released . I am having fun with the game itself for the time beeing but as so many others I wish to warn you about the draconic DRM measures that EA has put into this game.Due to the limitations that EA has put into this game I am truly pissed of at them . And as such I will stop buying EA games for the forseeable future as long as the have this kind of DRM in their games.Thankfully there are quite a few game companies who do n't limit the games they sell with DRM . I will keep buying their products and support them since they are fair to their user base.When I pay money to BUY a game , I expect to actually be able to use that as I please since I am now the owner of that copy of the game . However that is not the case with Spore and other games with the built in DRM they have here.So , I guess there will be no new Red Alert for me . . ahh well . . thankfully there are alot of other good games coming out in the future without this kind of DRM , but EA will loose money on their hostility against those who are honest and buy games .
 With the draconian DRM scheme on Spore -LRB- 3 activations limit , among other things -RRB- , EA is treating its paying customers as pirates . If I 'm going to be treated as a pirate , I may as well act like a pirate.Spore is an amazing game . The concept is great , each game type is pretty well executed , and I 'm impressed with the high performance on my low-end machine , which Civilization IV brings to a crawl . I 'm sure the online content is great as well , but I have n't tried it , because I pirated the game.I will not purchase the game with this kind of DRM . Perhaps EA were thinking that Spore was on the low level of most of its other titles , that no one would want to play it in a decade when EA was out of business -LRB- which they should be if they keep up this ridiculous DRM -RRB- . Spore is a classic -- a quality game that I know I 'll want to play again and again , even when I need an emulator or other compatibility software to play it , and even without the online content -LRB- say EA is out of business and no longer running the servers ... -RRB- . If their activation servers are not accessible at that time , I would be out of luck and the game would not run . Totally unacceptable.EA -- take the DRM off Spore ; at the very least , remove the activation restriction . SecuROM copy protection is bad enough -LRB- we who want backup copies can get around it easily enough , though -RRB- , but you 'll still have the carrot of getting online content requiring registration . Should n't that be enough ?
 When I first saw the hour-long preview of Spore way back when , it really seemed like the game everyone was going to wait for and want . Its utter failure seems like proof to me that you should never again pre-order a game even if it comes from the messiah of developers.As you probably know , the game takes place in the form of five different stages . They slowly move up in levels of complexity until you reach the space stage , which has been considered the talking point of the game . All of these other stages really seem over-simplistic . The `` City '' game only has one land vehicle , air vehicle , and water vehicle , used for both working and attacking . There are no non-vehicle units.The creature and tribal stages involve the classic video game good/evil choice
 When I heard about Spore it was built up as this revolutionary cross between the old Sim Planet and the classic SNES game EVO . In actuality , the game was incredibly flat and uninteresting.In the first two stages you basically fight/charm other monsters to get points to improve your creature . You also have to hunt to find improvements . There is no `` evolution '' aspect to it , every time you go back to the drawing board you can completely redo your entire creature . So basically its like a trading card game . Building up points , find all the pieces and YEAH build a cool pet -LRB- lame -RRB- . The final 3 stages are poor excuses for RTS games . You have the same charm/fight dynamic , but instead it works for a tribe conquering a region , a civilization conquering a planet then a planet conquering a galaxy . It sounds cool but it really isnt . The tribes get 9 building options total , and less skills and character types than any RTS Ive ever seen . The civilization option only offers 3 building types and although you can design the building look , they all do the same thing . The galactic conquest is basically kill planet , build city , kill planet.The worst part of the game is that decisions you make in one stage do n't carry over to the other . Sure your overall play style can warrant you one special ability in the next stage , but whatever your creature ends up as has absolutely no bearing on how well your creature performs as a tribe , civilization or planet . The game is basically centered around how custom you can make your creature/civilization visually . Which is cool if you are a fat 13 year old boy that fancies himself creative . But if you are playing the game for the classic sim style strategic challenge that makes you think of the situation from multiple angles and plan ahead for your overall strategy , you will be greatly disappointed .
 Spore is a game I 'd been looking forward to for some time now , ever since I first saw the simple and brilliant black and white concept-presentation flash animation on their website , what , around a year ago now I think . I have a problem though , in that I regularly upgrade my PC irrespective of whether or not it 's `` broken , '' and as a result I 'd be out of a game in about three months on this ridiculous DRM scheme.It 's not even an issue of whether or not I could call EA and beg another activation from them every few months for as long as I retained an interest in playing the game . I probably could . But I wo n't . I will by no means voluntarily engage in repetitious interaction with an organization which shows overt disrespect towards its customers -LRB- i.e. me -RRB- by insisting that said customers `` check in '' every time their product is used after such use of the product surpasses some kind of calculated average.Thing is , I do n't have anything against the game , only against the DRM -LRB- and hence against EA in this instance -RRB- . I 'll watch the reviews and continue to evaluate the game as I would any other , but when it comes to the point where I 'm ready to play , this is one game I 'm not going to buy as it stands today . If EA has n't made this game available on more respectful terms , then I 'll be acquiring it from people who have . People EA likes to call `` pirates . ''
 Great innovative game , however , I would not recommend buying it or any other title from EA until they fix the heinous and flawed DRM system . It is appalling and I refuse to buy any EA products until they fix this policy .
 Spore had a lot of potential , however , poor design choices have crippled what could have truly been a spectacular game . A common complaint -LRB- which I completely agree with -RRB- focuses around the lack of depth in this game . For example , the creature you design is affected in a very limited manner by the shape or stature of its body -LRB- id est ; uneven weight distribution will not really make for an awkwardly running creature -RRB- . It also seems as if -LRB- cell stage aside -RRB- , the placement of specific parts does not affect behavior -LRB- a spiky tail simply adds attack value ; the creature does n't actually use it -RRB- . In addition , the Space Stage is a nightmare . Colony and empire management are horrible , the universe is way overpopulated , the missions are boring and repetitive , and the design of alien empires is complete garbage -LRB- going back to the lack of depth , the same shallow personalities are recycled over and over again -RRB- . I was really looking forward to this stage of the game , and was VERY disappointed by what I found . Imagine having to construct every city on a planet building by building in a moderately sized empire of 35 worlds . Imagine having to constantly fend off attacks by raiders , or else hunt down diseased animals to prevent ecosystem collapse over and over again so that you can not concentrate well on whatever task you want to pursue -LRB- like empire building or terraforming -RRB- . Until a patch or expansion pack is released , which fixes at least some of these issues , this game is going on the shelf to collect dust . Try it out if you must , but be forewarned that it is not at all what it could have been .
 The game starts out being alot of fun . Then once i reached the space stage I found it frustrating . Creating fleets to protect your planets isnt possible so you spend all your time running all over your empire putting out fires . I played this for about 8 hours . Not the break through i was expecting.I found the CIV series to be much better and deeper .
 I have been waiting on this title for quite some time until i found out it uses the same crappy call home verification that mass effect does.I am just happy i found out before i purchased it and will never ever buy a game that requires a internet connection to verify to play , Just like the bioware modules , Bought 2 and will never buy another one.Maybe someday there will be a gold version of the game that does not have this crappy copy protection and i will get it then at probably half the cost.I own every sims2 expansion pack and if sims 3 has this crappy drm i guess i wont be buying it either.RA3 will have it but thankfully it was not a title i was really looking forward to , I feel sorry for all the fans that were waiting for it though.I have now begun looking at the requirement for any new games that i purchase and if i ever see the `` Internet connection required '' , On the shelf it goes and i move on.Just look at all the drm music sites that are gone now , All those users got screwed and now they are doing this with games!What a bone headed decision to use this crap !!
 This game is alright , I was expecting alot more . Still a fun game to play . But this DRM is rediculous . I wish EA would understand that the more they try to control an intangible product the more people are going to take control themselves . I would n't be surprised if we could keep a record of how many people recorded pirated this game and find that it is the most pirated game yet.Sorry Will , but if you work for the devil I 'm pretty sure that makes you evil -LRB- at least a little bit -RRB- .
 Was looking forward to giving EA $ 50 in order to purchase this game . Will no longer due so because of the DRM . EA , you 're turning against your own customers .
 Ok so I played spore for a grand total of about 10 hours . I got to the -LRB- I think -RRB- final stage which was trying to conquer the galaxy . I just could n't handle it anymore I wanted to keep going and conquer all but I was so bored of it by that point I just wanted to quit and never come back to it again . It has a great idea , just really lame gameplay . I just got so annoyed.There I said it.Oh and I ca n't uninstall it and try again in the future for fear I might not be able to use it again . What a waste of money . EA has definitely gone downhill . They just do n't care about their customer or listen to them at all . I am avoiding EA like the plague
 While the concept of Spore is intriguing , Maxis fails to make it fun or engaging . The selling point of the game is that you can guide the evolution of a species of creature through a number of stages of developement , taking your race from cell to space-faring . However , each of the stages is a short mini-game with no depth and only superficial choices that do n't really impact the course of the game . You ca n't really fail , regardless of what you choose , and you will get to the space stage in a couple of hours - too short a time for the price of the game.A major problem with Spore is also the ludicrous Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- that EA has decided to burden paying customers with . The game ships with an invasive copy protection program called SecureROM and you are only allowed to activate the game three times before your DVD becomes useless . You must activate your game any time you upgrade your computer , reinstall your Operating System , or upgrade to a new computer . For many people these are fairly regular events , reducing your `` ownership '' of Spore to a very short rental of a sub-par game . The game had been cracked and pirated on the internet a week before its release , meaning unscrupulous people already had their game . The only people EA is punishing with the crazy DRM is honest , paying customers.Spore would also not run on my computer until I disabled one of the two Graphics Processing Units -LRB- GPUs -RRB- in my GeForce 7950 GX2 . Considering the popularity of multiple GPUs , it is unforgivable that the game does not support them in instances like mine . EA 's response to my email requesting help came four days later , even though they promise a response within 24 hours , and it was nothing but a list of links to stock responses - nothing related directly to my issue.I made the mistake of buying Spore based on the hype and premise , and unfortunately did not wait for reviews . I should have known better . Do n't make the same mistake I did - stay away from this dog and any game with draconian DRM -LRB- which according to EA , will include all their future games -RRB- !
 I had to install the game 3 times -LRB- on my HP laptop -RRB- before it really wanted to start up without any primordial freeze . Now the game works ... but promptly crashes after few minutes.Tried to install it on my new iMAC , but without luck . At first the game did not want to start at all , then just entered into a random freeze pattern that I did not find funny at all!What a waste of primordial soup and time ! Evolution -LRB- and my wallet -RRB- really deserved to be better treated than this !
 A very disappointing game . Each of the five phases are intriguing for the first few minutes but are not enough to get me to come back and play for hours on end . The only thing that might get addicting is the creature / vehicle / building creator which is brilliant . But there is the rub . Do I really want to spend the majority of my time trying to get a creature to look just right ? I 'd much rather spend my time implementing strategy -- which is sadly lacking . The rest of the game is very simplistic . On their own the 5 stages are n't deep enough to challenge . After the first run through -LRB- 4 - 6 hours -RRB- I do n't really have the desire to go back and try it all over again.What is really getting me down now is that after playing it and finding it undesirable , I ca n't sell it . Who is going to buy a game that you can now only install 2 times ?? I 'm screwed .
 EA has put a DRM in place in this game that enforces only 1 ` account ' per retail copy of SPORE . This effectively means that only one person in your household can play a $ 50 copy of SPORE.If someone else in your household wants to play , they will have to play on your account , or buy a seperate $ 50 copy of the game and install it on a DIFFERENT computer . The game itself is n't even all that great.A horrible , horrible experience for the average family . This game is another example of publishers punishing average consumers by going far over the line of copyright protection.Do not support this game or EA .
 wow , this game is really annoying to install . I kept getting coded errors which I had to google to discover that these are issues long ago reported to EA and they dont seem to care to fix them . I finally got the game going fr my daughter and that lasted only a day , then it wouldnt start up again - can you believe thi ? Are we supposed to wipe our hard drives clean and do a full system instal every time we want to play this game ? I also dont want to waste my preciou time on hold with some snot from tech support who know ALOT less thanme about computers just to get some hegemonous reply that they will look into the issue and get ack to me , which they never will.SO all in all a very disapointing experience with Spore . Dont buy it . ever . Too bad because it looks cute for a 9 year old .
 I picked up this game yesterday . I put it on my desk and had yet to install it . While I was at work my brother installed it onto his PC . It associated the account key with his email address and username . It did n't even warn him that it was going to do this . So now MY game is associated with his account . And he did n't even spell his name right ! It 's retarded . People have already hacked this game . I suggest you go download the cracked version instead . it 'll save you a lot of time and effor . NJ EA making a quality game into a crappy situation .
 This program uses the onerous Securom DRM which limits the number of times you install your program to 3 times , and does not provide a mechanism to de-install Securom . Caveat emptor .
 I was really enjoying this game , but then EA started releasing patches , and now it crashes like crazy . I 've tried re-installing , which got rid of my saved games , and I 've looked for tech . help to no avail . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
 This game is neat and all but I returned it after finding out that it installed DRM on my computer . From now on , I will be researching PC games I buy and if it has a DRM like this one on it , I 'm not buying it .
 Like a lot of people , I 've been tracking this game for a couple of years . The initial concept looked very cool , and even knowing that games rarely live up to the `` initial concept , '' I felt disappointed by the execution of this one . Since the DRM issue is pretty thoroughly covered elsewhere , I 'll just talk about gameplay .1 . This is * very much * an EA game . That is , the graphics are pretty , it 's kid-friendly -LRB- if you do n't build a porno creature -RRB- , and its runs pretty smoothly . If you love the micro-management , open story-line , customize-it-till-it-hurts aspects of the Sims franchise , you 'll like this . If you want engaging , story-based or strategy gameplay that handles the nits so you can enjoy the important stuff , look elsewhere .2 . The concept remains cool , but I agree with others that it 's * really * dumbed down . The entire pre-space game took me five hours or so the first time I played it -LRB- on `` easy '' -RRB- . The fifth time I played it took less than two hours to get to space -LRB- on `` normal '' -RRB- . There is absolutely no reason to play through the first levels once you 've figured out the `` system '' -- which for any experienced gamer will take maybe two or three games . Sure , you may want to build a new creature to try all the different bonus combinations , but really , how exciting is that ? Maybe I 'm supposed to spend countless hours painting buildings , designing ships , or customizing my creatures 's spots -- but thanks I 'll pass .3 . The `` evolution '' system is backwards , IMO , and is just glorified Sims character painting . Instead of your creature evolving its body and `` personality '' based on the actions you take or the environment it 's in , you basically build the body based on how you want to play , and then act according to the bonuses you want at the end of each level . There is zero impact from the environment , or other creatures , or well , anything that usually impacts evolution . This may be fine if your goal is to create , say , a flying carnivore with four arms who gets fighting bonuses -- just go build it . Keep in mind those four arms will behave no differently than two , or five , or one -- it 's all for looks . But if you 're more interested in tweaking a system -- the environment , the creature 's diet , etc. -- and letting the creature evolve to adapt to the changes , you 're completely out of luck .3 . The space level baffles me . I 've played it four times , and I 've begun to believe it 's both more and less complex than I thought . More complex
 This game is tedious . Forget about the DRM , there is no way you 'd ever feel a need to install this junk more than once . The creature creator is fantastic but the game play is just derivative and dull . Great idea just very badly implemented . Will Wright should stick to classic sim games .
 This game could have been awesome ... but ea wants to sell expansion packs so in its current state its a broken game . If Will Wright wants to make the games that he wants to make then he should leave the strangle hold of EA and start his own company . After about 100 dollars of expansions this may turn out to be a good game . Also the DRM is excessive and untra restrictive . I make some kind of upgrade every once in a while so I am wondering how long I can actually play this game untill I am locked out . I gues EA thinks that your not purchasing the game but renting it for an extended period of time . If you want to support publishers releasing unfinished games and slapping a huge drm on you then pleas buy this game like this moron here .
 This game is boring and VERY redundant.Furthermore , if I am going to shell out 50 bucks for a game , I should be able to install/uninstall it as many times as I want . I do n't need to have this sucking up my memory when I am not going to be playing it . If I had known prior to purchasing it that you were only allowed 3 installs , I would not have bought it .
 I remember playing SimCity back on an IBM PS2 in College . Since then , I 've snatched up every SimCity up through 4 -LRB- oh , and the DRM on that game would n't allow it to run on my newest PC ... emailed support and I was told I 'm out of luck because of the mother board chipset !? -RRB- . I have most of the Sims1 and Sims2 stuff . I say all this to let you know I love Will Wright 's work . He makes games that other 's do n't . Spore is ambitious to say the least . It is at the same time interesting and unfulfilling . The concept is amazing and you can see all the game play possibilities that are tossed aside for simplicity 's sake . Hopefully expansion packs will come to the rescue.All the phases leading up to Space are shallow and after 1 or 2 times through are almost totally unplayable . Especially since there are only a few different outcomes that can be created with different play throughs . You can create the same creature every time you play -LRB- you pick up the same body parts over and over each time you play through -RRB- and you can alter the body the same way every time through . Would have been nice to have the cell phase open up more possibilities -LRB- but narrower -RRB- to make a replay worth the effort . As it stands , you do n't need to replay.Space is much more fulfilling with the founding of colonies , search planets for creatures/plants , meet/fight/talk with other species.Last but not least the DRM . I 'm getting sick of these companies treating me like a thief . If I had known about the DRM before , I would n't have purchased . I was burned with SimCity 4 and you 'd think I 'd learn . All those knuckleheads downloading warez versions are n't concerned about reinstalling their systems or having to replace hard drives . And , the 1 account per game is really ugly . I came across this before there was a huge online hubbub about this . Luckily , I signed up first before I let my daughter play . Otherwise , her account would have been active.I recommend waiting for this to hit the bargain bin and/or dropping the DRM . It 's a shame too because I was so looking forward to this game and I think in time , with expansions , this game could be really great . Instead I 'm looking forward to a similar game being release by Stardock -LRB- or any other DRM free company -RRB- that does n't believe in punishing paying customers.This has also taken the Sims 3 -LRB- another huge anticipation for me -RRB- off my list because I 'm sure that will have the same -LRB- if not more restrictive -RRB- DRM stuff on it.Normally I do n't post stuff like this -LRB- since it does n't matter anyway -RRB- , but when I saw all of other people that feel similarly , I had to add my voice . Maybe this kind of stuff will make these companies change . Doubt it , but hey , I 've only wasted 10 minutes of my time posting this . Think of all the time I 'll save not buying SecuRom -LRB- or any other type of DRM -RRB- games.They should make it a requirement for them to post the type of DRM on the box . Anyone know of a site that lets you know about games and the DRMs they use ?
 Forget the DRM , the game simply does not live up to its hype or its good element
 When will you people get it ? You are LOOSING money with DRM ! If I ca n't download something because of DRM it does n't mean I 'm going to buy it - I 'll just do without or get it from somewhere else ! - I think in general people do n't have a problem with paying for something , be it music , movies or games , they just prefer downloading it rather than having to drive to a store to get it , why not just provide a PAYED digital download service -LRB- with no DRM ! -RRB- that even has a discount as you do n't have to pay for shipment , packaging , store markup etc - incentives certainly are n't BAD for marketing ! Certainly in the case of SPORE , DRM was a HUGE mistake - this is a fantastic product which I 'm sure alot of people would have happily handed over their $ $ $ for - I WAS one of them till I found out about the DRM - I 'm no market analyst but this is just common sense - who the hell is making these decisions !!??
 I just wanted to add my two cents , and negative ratings , to the other 2000 + already here.If you buy this you are effectively letting EA walk all over you . You 're paying them $ 50 so you can rent a game . As someone who has owned all the sims and the sims 2 games to date , trust me in saying those limited activations will be spent in no time and you 'll be forced to either play with a bugged game , re-purchase the game , or not play at all.Securom I would n't touched with a ten foot pole . I suggest reading up on it and you 'll be equally enraged that anyone , much less a company you gave your hard earned money to would dare to put such a thing on your PC.I was looking forward to spore and even the sims 3 . I will purchase neither on principle . EA is doing a major disservice to it 's customers , and they will hear you best if it effects their sales . So take a stand with your wallet , and do n't buy this game .
 Be careful . This game will not work if you have computer trouble.If you need to repair or replace your computer 3 times after buying this program , it will NOT allow you to play it.Wait till they fix this before you buy . Or buy another game for now .
 Spore has taken four game types that are generally considered hardcore games and has made them successfully casual . I would have enjoyed much more game complexity at every stage , but I think they 've made a good game for a casual audience who have never played Warcraft , Civilization , Master of Orion . For the rest of us , it 's a beautiful building sandbox where you get to design wonderful things , then have them play Simon Says.Unfortunately it has been marred by EA 's DRM , so that you can only activate the game 3 times , ca n't have multiple accounts on a single computer . It 's also buggy -LRB- save often ! -RRB- , difficult to run on Vista , and installs EA 's Download Manager which runs even after you exit the game .
 My sister and I have been excited about this game for years . Pre-ordered it and installed on day one . Like other reviewers said , the DRM is a pain but I was n't too worried about that . However , when it turns out only 1 account per game can be made I was furious . My sister would have to shell out another 50 bucks to have an account of her own . We use the same computer and thus ca n't even play at the same time . This is ridiculous.Also , as has also been mentioned , the game seems to be a shell of what was originially hyped to be . Very dissapointing . Give me Sim City 5 !
 I have been looking forward to this game for years , and I would have bought it even with the mediocre gameplay simply because I understand how people can be disappointed in a game after hearing so much hype . However , like so many others , I will not submit to these asinine DRM schemes anymore . I 'm done . I was done after trying to help a friend get Bioshock installed and running last year.I 'm not going to go pirate Spore , but I can certainly understand why some people would - it 's just less hassle . EA , and all other publishers that insist on these insane DRM schemes need to wake up and smell the coffee . People are just getting tired of dealing with it , and it is really starting to hurt the PC gaming scene . I do n't mind having to have an original disc in the drive to play - that is the accepted standard in my mind . Why go any further than that ?
 This game was just too lacking , I was expecting a lot of content in this game . Going a single cell , to being on land was just very awkward in terms of game play . Knowing EA they well be releasing tons of expansions of content that should have been in the game to begin with . I got to the last stage with in a day of play . So not worth the money.Plus I will not install any programs that have a DRM in it .
 So I bought spore on opening day , I 'd been excited about it for ages , and while it has n't quite lived up to my expectations , it has still been a fun game to play , until today.I run it on a laptop , which is usually plugged into a wire , but occasionally I go wireless with it and sit on the couch to play . Today for some reason my wireless did n't come up , and I did n't notice . I 'm happily playing spore , when suddenly the game exits on me with a pop up from the EA downloader that says ` Please check your internet connection , you seem to be disconnected ' . No chance to save , no auto save , no warning , no nothing . Game quits , the end , sorry if you lost data.I really really wish I could get my $ 50 back .
 This game should have been fun , but the gosh-darn DRM issues make it not worth it .
 I 've been looking forward to this game , but after finding out how locked down this game is , I will certainly pass . Game producers need to realize that DRM hurts sales worse than piracy . At least piracy spreads exposure and can encourage people to buy the game . DRM gives media a bad rap and will only result in a backlash such as this . Many times I 'll play a game for a while then get bored , so I uninstall it to save disk space . Later on I 'll have the urge to play it again and reinstall it . I 've also needed to reinstall OSs several times . Having to call EA for permission to play my own game is outrageous , they 're stooping to Microsoft levels here . Drop the DRM , and I will buy .
 After reading about this game for a couple years and following its progression I have to say that I am horribly disappointed in EAs decision to implement what amounts to a $ 50 game rental . I was excited and ready to buy it . Thanks to the reviews here , I 'm going to pass it over.While people who illegally pirate the game are enjoying fully unrestricted gameplay , EA decides to punish their honest customers with a 3 installation limit .
 I would have purchased if it were n't for two things :1 . -RRB- It does support macbooks that are more than seven or eight months old - it depends which graphics chipset model you have . GMA 950 ? Sorry , you 're screwed .2 . -RRB- I 'd run it on my windows machine , but DRM ! To hell with DRM . This is completely unacceptable .
 Honestly there is n't anything else to say that has n't already been said in the many many other reviews complaining about the horrible DRM that has been put in place . Hopefully EA listens ...
 DRM is a horrible idea for PC games and will ruin PC gaming for everyone . The idea of limited installs for a $ 50 price tag is crazy .
 This game has a vast scope , but no depth.The early stages play out WAY to easy and it quickly becomes boring . It almost seems like the early stages are just tutorials and that the game really starts once you hit space , but this space part proves tiresome and tedious.I do n't see much in the way of replay value here.EA 's terrible DRM does n't help either . They have once again turned the honest customers into victims . How can you create DRM that punishes people for buying the game while the people who pirate deal with no such headaches ? It is almost as if they WANT people to pirate this.Even EA 's online distribution is awful . You are limited to download the game for only 6 months unless you want to pay them an additional $ 6 service fee , and even then , they only allow you to download for 2 years . Awful and once again punishing honest customers while the pirates deal with none of the retarded activation issues and get a copy of the game digitally available forever.The state of PC game piracy can no longer be moaned about by company 's like EA when they do nothing but encourage it with retarded tactics like this .
 I 've enjoyed the Sim City games in the past , and was looking forward to this one . I wo n't be buying unless / until the DRM malware is eliminated . It did n't stop the game from being pirated anyway , apparently , but EA still wants to treat its paying customers like idiots by imposing an overly restrictive install limit -LRB- on a $ 50 game ? Seriously ? -RRB- and putting some kind of mysterious software on their machines that does who knows what .
 I have a combo DVD-RAM/DVD + - RW reader/writer drive , and all it keeps saying is `` unsupported drive `` Why ? I 've never had a problem with it before . I searched the net and I have to assume it 's the stupid copy protection . I finally had to return the game for a refund .
 Looks like a very interesting game , but I just ca n't condone DRM that only gets in the way of legitimate users -LRB- case in point , a cracked version has been available online days before the actual release -RRB- . When they take off the DRM , I 'll take out my wallet .
 This game is like a bunch of supper nintendo games rapped into one very bland game . Each stage is very simple and can be done in about an hour , but if your like me you keep on pushing until you can get to the space age ! I guess I had hopes it would be more like master of orion or something like that but no . You build a ship ... yep one , and you are a just some guy who flys around and does boring missions , thats it.When you are in civilization era you also only get to build one vehical per type . I saw religon , military , and economic . So do you got a bunch of different ideas for your land based invasion ? Well get them down to one ! you get one boat , one plane , and one tank . Oh you can build as many as you want of that one , but forget building any type of heavy tank AND fast attack tank , or scout type tank . Want to build a town ? Not so fast sparky ! you have to take them over and even then you can choose any 1 of three buildings to build , yep ! a fun place , a work place , and a live place ! exciting !!! but do n't worry as soon as you get to space your options are re-stricted even more ! see up until then when you design your one land vehical at least the things you put on it actually mean something you know , speed , health , fire power . Well not anymore kiddo ! now its all just for looks !!! no matter what you put on your one and only space ship it does n't matter you get stuck with the same ship . So load it up with guns ! it does n't really matter they are just for lookin at . Forget all this DRM stuff or what ever this game is just bad , tons of hype for nothing . Instead of making 1 good game they made 5 sad ones
 This product would be great , if it wasnt for the fact it has the possibility of ruining your PC !
 I 've played Spore for 30 hours now and I 'm already looking to move on . Unfortunately this game does n't have very much depth in it 's game play . It 's far too simplistic for the average gamer.It 's a sad sad day when you have to consider the DRM used in a game before purchasing it . To be blunt the DRM in Spore sucks and only limits you to 3 installs . This would n't be so bad if I could uninstall the game and get a install back but I resent having to call EA support and prove to them I bought the game legally at sometime in the future when I purchase new hardware.With this disappointment I 'm done pre-ordering games from EA . In the future I 'll wait until the game is released and then see if it warrants purchase . One thing is for certain , if it has a ridiculous DRM scheme that basically only lets you to lease your purchase then I 'll keep my money . Maybe if EA 's revenues start slipping they might come to their senses .
 This game contains a virus-like program that installs itself on your computer without your permission , gives itself maximum priority control over your computer , and may prevent you from playing the game or , in some cases , may even prevent your computer for working . This program is a DRM program called secuROM . However , it does little to combat piracy ; mostly it just makes the legitimate consumer miserable.Not only that , but you can only install the game 3 times . If you have technical issues and have to uninstall and reinstall the game 3 times , you 're pretty much screwed.AND you can only use this game on 1 profile . Why ? No reason . So if you made creatures on multiple profiles with `` Spore Creature Creator '' -LRB- which also contains secuROM -RRB- , you can only use the creatures you made with one of those profiles.I admire Will Wright 's game , but I do n't admire Will Wright 's game when the corporate AIs at EA get a hold of it and put a virus in it.With this game and any other game with secuROM , limited installs , or profile limitations on it , EA is basically saying to the customer , '' **** you ; I have your money already . '' And they definitely try to make sure you do n't know about this stuff before you buy the game ; it certainly does n't say `` SecuROM '' on the box . I do n't think I want to buy something from someone who treats me like garbage , and you should n't either.And what happens when EA decides Spore is n't profitable anymore after a few years and pulls the plug on the online server -LRB- which it has done in the past -RRB- . Because the installation requires online authentication , no one will be able to play the game anymore.It is impossible for this game to live on an as a classic . Once Spore is no longer being produced , and every copy of Spore has reached its install limit , or the online servers go down and installations ca n't be authenticated , no one will be able to play this game ever again . All of the people who paid $ 60 to rent the game wo n't be able to play the game they BOUGHT.EA seems to think that $ 60 is a rental fee . We are n't BUYING the game , they think , we 're just RENTING it under a very limited rental policy . For $ 60 dollars . If any of you think this is **** ed up , speak now , or forever hold your peace.If you want companies to stop doing this stuff , there 's only one solution.Do NOT buy this game . Ever .
 If DRM was bad on music and movies . They are far worst on PC games . I was playing Commandos yesterday on my laptop I purchase that game over 7 years ago and have played it in more than 10 pc but with EA DRM on Spores that will never happen because when I upgrade or even update my system I wo n't be able to use it anymore . DRM SUCKS
 I purchased and installed the digital-only version of Spore -LRB- using EA Downloader -RRB- , only to find out it consistently crashed my computer if I wanted to advance past the first `` cell '' stage.I tried their help hotline , which seemed permanently disconnected the first two weeks of the release . I went on EA 's official forums , and it appears LOTS of other people are having the exact same problem . Needless to say , after countless hours of troubleshooting , the game is still DOA . Not to mention the DRM makes it very tricky to install on another computer to test the whole situation.I 'm have a HUGE amount of trouble returning the game , so it looks like EA stole $ 50 from me . Buyer beware ...
 Just so you all know , the DRM in the game prevents it from running if you 've run Microsoft File Monitor on your system previously . It does n't matter if you 've closed the program ... Even if File Monitor is not running at the time you want to play the game , even if you uninstall file monitor.The only solution is to restart your computer every time you want to play Spore , and because of this EA refuses to give a refund because the `` restart every time you want to play '' is what they consider an adequate workaround.Brilliant.I 'm giving away my copy to a friend so that they wo n't buy the game . If EA wo n't give me a refund , I 'm definitely going to try to cut into their profits as much as I can . For everybody else who is as frustrated as I am , instead of stabbing knives through your Spore DVD , I 'd recommend giving it to a friend who might be at risk of paying for it .
 The game does not work with WINDOWS 2000 and I had to get a refund for the game . I 'm very disappointed with the DRM .
 Spore was said to be a great game with a way innovative game play that would allow user to make the universe their own way ... This needless to say did not happen not even close , most of the time it is the same repetitive actions of go here do as your told type play ... Total let down on the side of EA they had a great idea and totally burned it at the stake.too easy and this game HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH EVOLUTION ! ITS MORE LIKE A CREATIONIST GAME - everything is set out for you and you do the same things every time you play it - no matter which role you take.The game itself is alright ... but that DRM they implemented is a disaster ... it means you can only install the game 3 times !!! ... if you 're computer crashes , or the game gets messed up -LRB- as they all do -RRB- and you want to reinstall ... you can only do it 3 times and then have to go and spend 50 bucks again !! I wish developers would QUIT these big IDIOT COMPANIES that are ruining their games and make their own gaming alliance or go out and innovate/inspire and create real games once again.Enjoyable games that lasts for years that doesnt intrude your privacy or hack your systems.Honestly a total let down on the side of EA DRM and lack of options in game play , dont waste your money on it all ... Way better game exist you just have to look ...
 Do n't buy this game if you actually upgrade or repair your computer , because you get 3 times and then you ca n't play anymore - even on your legally purchased and owned account .
 Creature creation and variation only seems to matter to a point . Adding on an extra set of legs does n't seem to add speed . More feet/hands does n't seem to stack their effects . More eyes , does n't allow you to see farther . etc etc etc. . . Only seems to matter on appearance . No gameplay difference . Nothing stacks.I have n't seen the point to adding ears to my creature . Does it do anything?Doesn ' t seem to be much point to replaying , either . Once you do a stage , there are only 2 other paths you can take and it basically boils down to whether you made the other tribes/civs your allies , destroyed them , or did a combination of both . Not much replay value.Avoid this game . Why ca n't games live up to the original vision ?
 you have to admit that EA does a good job at one thing
 I bought this game the day it came out not knowing about the DRM issue , I regret my purchase now so much . I should have just torrented it .
 You can only install this game 3 times . I have 2 computers and have had to reformat one of them in the past year . This means I would have to live in constant fear of one of my computers dying again -LRB- or go through the rigamarole of trying to convince the all-holy EA that I do in fact need to install their game again -RRB- . I do n't want to rent this game until I happen to hit an arbitrary number of installs.And for all you `` cheap '' shoppers out there . Do NOT buy this game used . Who knows if it even has any installs left ?
 This is so sad . I ca n't believe what all those years of design & programming have ultimately yielded . It seems obvious that Will Wright was ` guided ' in his design of this game , as it is not the same game that has been previewed for several years.The copy-protection schemes are ridiculous for a game released in 2008 . For years , the accepted belief has been that copy protection only hassles the purchaser . Why dont publishers understand this ? The pirates will copy the game , remove the protection , then enjoy an EASIER TO USE product than the one that is sold in stores . The way to publish a game that gets SOLD , not copied , is to provide a reasonably bug-free game from day one , top-notch support , and an an excellent online community . CHeck out StarDock games for examples of the right way to do things .
 I was ready and set to purchase this game till i found out about the DRM . I build computers and am constantly upgrading my system . There is no way i am going to be begging EA for a new activation code every time i put more RAM in or upgrade my graphics card . I was really excited for this game too but now i 'm just a little depressed i 'll never get to play it . There is no way i 'll ever put that DRM on my computer ! I hope everyone else i know will join me in banning EA till the DRMs are lifted . Till then i guess i 'll be buying games from other gaming companies sorry EA but other companies do n't treat their customers like this .
 EA , please wake up and listen . I 'm glad for all the 1-star reviews , because the last thing I want on my computer after much pain-staking work to reformat and carefully monitor what I install and what processes get installed with the programs I need to make sure that my desktop runs cleanly and smoothly , is some useless background process -LRB- es -RRB- installed that eat up my computer resources -LRB- that I so painstakingly freed up -RRB- just because I did the right thing and purchased a game instead of pirating it.EA , you need to look in the mirror and ask yourself this one question : Why do pirates enjoy a better version of your game than the legitimate customers?It is a decent game , it 's unfortunate that EA has to ruin it for EVERYONE , including EA itself . EA is not the only producer that does this type of DRM , and the other producers would be wise to listen up.There is another way . And it 's here now . Please refer to Steam , take notes , and mimic . Easy . And everyone is happy .
 Because of the copy protection scheme Electronic Arts has placed on this game , which requires online activation before the purchased product will begin to work , there is no guarantee that a piece of software I have honestly purchased will ever work for me . EA does not have to maintain the activation servers for any particular length of time . Should they ever go out of business or simply decide it is no longer profitable for them to maintain said servers , ever single purchased copy of the game will become instantly and irrevocably broken.I can not support a company which will not recognize that my purchase of their product should transfer ownership . I want to own games I purchase , and I do not want the publisher to intentionally install ways for the games to break .
 I was going to buy until I found out about DRM.Another $ 50.00 bites the dust EA.Enjoy your game
 I like the ideas behind spore.The implementation is decentThe DRM is TERRIBLE . A real show stopper .
 I am SO glad I have n't bought this game yet ! Thank you everyone for the heads-up about this DRM mess . I feel like I dodged a bullet.I might still buy it if they fix the DRM . But as a customer of many EA products , I 'm offended that I 'm being treated like a criminal.I do n't want more DRM junk in my computer .
 In fact , while the game itself is a bit frustrating , if you want a real challenge , deal with the DRM!Even if there was a DRM-free version , I 'd say it 's still worth a pass . This is one spore that should die .
 I never played this game , and I was very eager to buy it . But I 'm not gon na spend any of my hard earned money to this product until the moment EA removes their STUPID DRM practices . Very good way to lose . Oh I was thinking about buying the new soccer game from EA , but I guess it 's not a right time to do it either . EA is going from bad to worse everyday.Buy ! = Rent ...
 Joining the protest ! I am getting sick of the over the top protection schemes companies feel the need to shove down a legit customer 's throat .
 Wow ... been waiting for this game for three years . Made my coworkers watch the awesome 30-minute demo video from years ago . I made sure that everyone I knew that loved video games would be aware of its release . Hell , I even told my parents who 've never played video games in their lives about how cool it looked and that they may even like it ... and then I heard about the DRM , An unneeded process that ca n't be removed from your computer . Essentially , a virus.Oh , and you get to install the game only three times before it stops working . That means if you have more than one computer and you ever have to format that you 're buying the game again.I smell something funny ... Now I have to spend all my time telling all of the gamers that I know not to buy Spore because of the DRM . Awesome.EA really dropped the ball here . `` Digital Rights Management '' ? More like Digital Rights Infringement ! If I buy something , it should be mine forever , not for 3 uses ! That 's a rental , not a purchase!I came here to buy Spore . I think I 'll spend it on something else . It sure wo n't be an EA product , that 's for sure .
 I was really looking forward to ` Spore ' . I had been reading about this for over a year now . I had seen the preview videos and thought that this looked like a fun , engaging game to play . And once again ... corporate greed and mismanagement have ruined the day ! I refuse to buy a a game that I do not have the right to install or uninstall as many times as I feel is necessary on MY OWN PC !!! I understand copy protection ... I do not understand this 1984-esque interference in my product ownership . Using SecuRom beyond that was one of the worst ideas EA ever thought up . This is like buying a car and being told I can only make three modifications to it before contacting the manufacturer and asking permission to add new rims or something . Total garbage . Anyway ... thats my two cents . EA ... you wont recieve my $ 50 until you change your copyrighting schema .
 I will not buy games with DRM any longer . I have well over $ 7000 invested in my PC hardware AND software . . so I am not scared to spend $ . What I am scared of is 20 % or better of my 45 + games being stolen from me when I upgrade hardware , which happens every 2 weeks to 2 months like clockwork . My windows is genuine , as are all my games ... and I am genuinely pissed about this . EA better start listening , or my customers and I will not be purchasing their wares.Other than the DRM being evil , I am hearing about people finishing the game in one day . So ... a $ 50 rental you can finish in a day ? Seems kinda steep .
 The DRM alone is reason enough to not buy this game . It 's reasonably fun , but people should own what they purchase .
 If you do n't mind being bent over and screwed by the DRM , the game is pretty good . Because of the DRM , I 'm wishing that I could get my money back .
 EA killed this game with really bad DRM . Really ? 3 Installs ? EA has to realize that people who PAY for their games should n't be punished . Because people who just GET IT from elsewhere does not have to deal with any kind of DRM . Do n't buy this game until they fix the DRM issues .
 We lost our registration code for this game . The game would not work on our first computer . Needless to say when we got a new computer and needed to reinstall it , we could n't find the number and you ca n't install it without . It was a -LSB- ... -RSB- game that my son never got to play . YOu ca n't email the company and there is no 800 number . Do not waste your money on this !!!
 I 'd give this game a minus three stars if I could . The Digital Rights Management on this game -LRB- ie
 YOU CAN NOT PUNISH OR DRASTICALLY LIMIT YOUR PAYING CUSTOMERS ... I am rating this game low specifically for the DRM . I will rate any game with a bad DRM scheme in the future the same way . The DRM issues and scheme for this game is sad and ridiculous ! The main reason its so pathetic is that its not doing anything to help stop or even slow pirating , in fact it seems to be helping it grow stronger from what I have read from a huge number of online sources ! The game was pirated before it was even released , so what is the point of the DRM after that?Instead of doing anything useful at all , this pathetic DRM is just infuriating customers and fans of the game developers and publisher . There are different ways of handling DRM that many people would find acceptable , but if the methods are n't working its time to rethink the DRM!Who am I then ? Nobody really important , but I have spent hundreds over the years on EA titles and I have never pirated a game either . This kind of situation makes me feel like the future of PC games is being destroyed out of stupidity if I and other GOOD consumers like myself do n't speak out about such a travesty . I HATE consoles with a passion for too many reasons to list and would stop buying into the video game industry completely if I have to play on consoles.I think its the fact that they are taking too much control away from the PC consumers who are paying that is the root of the upset . DRM does n't work at all and even an 8 yr old can tell you that . I think they should stop wasting time with it as they are only making PC consumers angry.If they are going to keep forcing DRM , they should develop a system like steam , where a user logs into a website or app that allows them to authenticate on their own whichever machine they decide they want to use at the time the game is going to be played . No limits with installs , but the authenticated game can only be played by one user at a time.With steam , you can only be logged in to one computer at a time , and can only play a game on one computer at a time . This system seems to work just fine as long as nobody has stolen your account which is a different issue all together . Playing in offline mode removes any special multiplayer features from the game , but only one account on one computer at a time can play a game online . Also , even though it might be in offline mode , it could still try to periodically check online if there is an internet connection to make sure that a duplicate user is not using the same account , if there is no internet connection it just does nothing until the connection is there.Forget about limiting your customers based on your set of fools rules , prohibition does n't work , EVER .
 I should have been smart and cancelled my preorder . Now I might just end up throwing this game in the trash because you can not resell it.I started playing it and was enjoying myself through the first couple stages of the game , then i realized that it was all so very simple and shallow . There is more to monster creation than actual gameplay.Needless to say you can only install this game a limited number of times , then you have to call EA and go through the hassle of reactivation.My biggest complaint is the draconian DRM that is not mentioned anywhere on the box or during the install , but it is required . And takes a hard drive format to remove . SecuROM corrupted my computer and slowed it down so much other games were suffering from a terrible framerate.I reformatted my computer , and sure enough , everything works just as it should have before I installed this game.Im never touching anything with the EA logo on it again .
 The first two stages of the game are great . In fact its the only unique part of this game . After that it turns into a boring rts game . All the hype and previews over this game were just lies . I feel like i was taken for a ride on this one . And to make matters worse , the camera angles and controls are awful in the rts stages . I even wasted money on a guide . Do n't buy this game if your thinking it will be something different . And now with the first patch , the sound is all screwed up . I uninstalled it and wish i could at least send it back .
 Ended up going against my `` never buy anything with EA logo on it again '' attitude with this one . Initially it looked good , but I should have waited for the reviews instead of picking it up release day . The game would have been great , had EA not been involved . Well , the other reviews sum it up the best when they say , the game has been ` dumbed down ' . Everything in the game is cosmetic , design does n't matter.When you start playing , the game seems new and fun . Then you reach the Space Age -LRB- last age -RRB- in under an hour of game play and wonder where the challenge was . Space Age becomes very tedious and quite annoying , constantly having to attend every little nag every other minute , which distracts you from doing much in the game when you have to always run back to your planets.The other gripes , like what has been said before . SecuROM and DRM technology makes this game a bad buy . EA drops the ball again ! Also , in two days of playing , there have been about three game crashes . So I would not call this a very stable game at this point . The Sporepedia is a cool little option . The game connects to everyone elses creatures and other designs . Pretty cool.All-in-all , if you have n't purchased this game yet , I 'd wait a few years for it to become a $ 9.99 title . This just could have been such a better game and is another HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT on release . EA tends to break what they touch .
 You can only install the game up to three times - overall . That means if you get a new PC every 3 years , in 7-8 years you 'll find yourself unable to play the game . So it 's really more like you 're RENTING it.My 30 year old copy of Atari Combat works just fine ; why ca n't PC games do the same?Oh , and you pretty much need internet access to activate the game , and if you want different people to be able to play -LRB- like a save file for each sibling -RRB- - forget it.A version without this DRM crap would probably rate 4 or 5 stars - as it is , you 'd be doing yourself and your computer a favor by ignoring this game .
 I 'm sure by now you 've read a few of the other reviews and heard about how terrible the DRM on this game is.But there are other reasons to avoid this game . Most importantly , after two years of hype and anticipation , this game is not as revolutionary as it could have been.There are issues with bugs , hassles built into the gameplay experience , and the main focus of the game , the space section , is just one repetitive grind fest.Take my advice.Don ' t buy this game .
 I bought spore expecting my family to love it . Unfortunatly it has several glaring problems that make it not worth the purchase .1 -RRB- Limited to a single online account per installationAlthough the manual states that you can have multiple user accounts and there is a `` Change user '' button in the interface , EA now says that 's a misprint . This means that if you , your wife , and your child all want to play spore , only one of you will have access to the online features -LRB- which are one of the main points to the game . -RRB- This is not acceptable .2 -RRB- Creature design.Initially I loved the game as it looked like it had a huge amount of design options ... then I realized that it did n't matter whether my creature had 1 leg or 11 , it ran at the same speed or if it had one mouth or 5 , it sang with the same ability . It was all dependent on the stats assigned to that particular leg or mouth . Everything else was cosmetic .3 -RRB- Actual Gameplay.I played the game for about 3 hours and went from cell to space age and decided the game was just way too easy . My 9 year old daughter had fun in the Cell and creature stage but got bored before she got to tribe . My older 13 year old son played it for about an hour and declared it `` boring . '' My wife thought it was great at first , discovered the issues I covered in point 2 and declared the game Rubbish .4 -RRB- The Digital Rights Management.The digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- for this application is way over the top . Limiting someone to a total of 3 installs is absolutly insane . I have 5 computers in my house -LRB- not counting laptops -RRB- . 1 for me , one for my wife , my work computer and then 2 kid computers . Games will usually start on either mine or my wifes system and , after we approve the content , get moved to one of the kid computers . That process is 2 of my allowed 3 installs . If I have to format a drive and then decide that I want the game on the other kids computer instead , I have no choice to call EA and beg them for permission to uninstall the game . This makes no sense.In addition , the DRM caused numerous issues on my work machine when I tried to launch VMWare . These issues wasted several hours of my time and I eventually just gave up and restored my machine from a ghost image.Final word , the game just does n't deliver the overall user experience that I and my family were expecting . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was n't even able to run the creature creator ! After watching the Discovery Channel documentary , reading some pre-reviews , and watching all of the commercials I thought this would be the game of the decade ! But , after seeing all the problems that people are having , and having problems with just the basic creature creator , I decided not to buy the game . EA Sports is not showing any promising signs lately
 And there can be no question that the DRM ridden Spore has a terminal case.What was EA thinking ? Obviously nothing . If this is the future of PC gaming - PC gaming is dead .
 I was really excited about this game after playing it a friend 's house , and was all set to purchase it , when I discovered its overly strict DRM scheme . This scheme will not work for me because I am constantly reinstalling my OS , etc , and limiting the game to three activations is not acceptable . Therefore , I will not buy the game , and the one-star rating is given because the product is essentially useless to me now .
 So if you really want to play spore , pay the $ 50 , throw the cd you get in your drawer and download the version where you can get around the DRM , then slap Will Wright.All the DRM does is make it harder on the legit users . There are already cracked copies out there for people who were never going to pay for it anyways.When are media companies going to learn that they need to pick a new direction with media piracy protection . For once try to work WITH your consumers in creating a protection that both sides can work with . Or ignore us and lose our support . -LRB- Glad to be 1 of thousands sounding off against DRM here -RRB-
 DRM , are you effing kidding me ? Oops , I hope Amazon does n't mysteriously wipe out all the comments on here like they did on amazon.co.uk . There is no packaged US release in which this particular turd is disabled , so it is a compulsory part of the game . In other words
 No I am not part of a mob . I was waiting for Spore reviews to see if it was really all that it was cracked up to be , but now , hearing about the DRM system , I wo n't be buying.It is bad enough that Aspyr locks their games to the DVDs , which in laptops tend to scratch . Oh sure , I can pay $ 10 for a new DVD . No thanks.I 'm a legit customer . I 'm the person who would be normally giving you money . I am not a thief . A thief would find a way to steal your product anyway.I just want to play games without the copy protection , DRM hassle . That stress is what I 'm trying to * avoid * by purchasing a * game * . No thanks .
 I , personally , will not purchase a game that employs such a strict DRM . I have been waiting for Spore to come out for quite some time and was very eager to buy it , until word came out concerning the big brother DRM that is put in place around it . I refuse to purchase a game that puts extra restrictions on me AFTER I have purchased it . After you buy a game , it should be yours to do with as you please , within the guidelines of the usage agreement . Any time some one attempts to forcibly control your usage of a product , all the way down to making you call them to get permission to install it after the third time -LRB- which will be sooner than many of you think ... just installing a new video card or more ram can sometimes change your system enough to make it think it is a new install ... so let 's see ... install the game first ... a few months later upgrade your ram a gig ... a few months after that get a new video card ... and BAM , all your three installs are gone ... to say nothing of system crashes/reformats and the like -RRB- is utterly ridiculous . You would have thought EA would have learned their lesson after Mass Effect -LRB- which had a similar DRM that caused such a problem they removed it a week or so after launch -RRB- but apparently not.What 's next ... EA releases a two liter bottle of soda , that after the third time you open it , you have to call them to get permission to get another glass ? A toothbrush that phones in each morning to be sure you 're brushing your teeth correctly and if you are not it notifies the local dental authorities ? Toilet paper that ... on second thought , never mind ... In short , protest a company trying to become Big Brother and impinge on your right to do what you like with what you purchase and refuse to buy Spore until the DRM is removed .
 I wanted to love this game . I put in a pre-order for Spore the VERY first chance i could . My wife and I are passionate Sims & Civ players , so this looked to be a PERFECT game for us ... Will Wright has never failed us before , right ? Oh , how wrong we were.When the Creature Creator finally came out on the net , we both spent hours designing up new characters , and we looked forward to the game itself . But , then the fateful day arrived , and we felt like we 'd been gut-checked by EA.First of all , the game is so simple and dumbed-down , it makes even the simplest sandbox game look like Chess or Go . Secondly , NEVER go into space ! EVER ! The whole ` warrior races will only fight other warrior races , and friendly races will only meet friendly races ' is a lie . A bald-faced lie.Then there 's the DRM issue . Thank you , EA , for crashing my wife 's computer with your virus -LRB- AKA the DRM program Securom that NEVER shuts off ! And what is up with this program !? None of your documentation said word ONE about this wanna-be malware virus ! -RRB- . I 'm still trying to get that mess off her computer . I am going to take my wife 's copy and my ` special edition ' copy back to the store and try to get at least store credit back . Maybe they 'll give us some GOOD Will Wright games in trade . THOSE , at least , are more fun than this tripe.Of course , why am I even posting this ? We all know EA is going to pay Amazon to delete all these bad reviews by the end of the week ... Well , to help warn people to not follow my folly while its still up.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!
 I 've waited patiently for this game for years now . I even downloaded and paid for the Creature Creator a few months back , just to support the game dev . I did n't play with it more than a few times before I got bored making creatures that could n't really do anything . When the game finally came out and I eagerly installed it on my computer , I was surprised to find that after getting through the Civilization phase , I 'd just lost interest . This game is nothing like the genius of the Sims.While I have a lot of respect for the creature creation mechanics that find locomotion of the creature -LRB- and later , vehicles -RRB- automatically as you sculpt it , there really is n't that much to do with them . I am very disappointed . I was expecting more of a challenge ; for the decisions I made with my lovingly designed creature to actually matter more than they really do . There are some broad brush directions the game takes depending upon the choices you make , but nothing that 's really challenging or engaging.On top of that , like so many others have pointed out , the DRM is just ridiculous . I have three computers here in my house , and it will only install on one . $ 50.00 for just one computer install when most of the fun that does exist involves trading creatures with family members ? What ?! There is no way in hell I will spend $ 150.00 on this game so that we might get some family fun time out of it , and certainly not in this economy . EA Games ... what were you thinking ? You said you wanted to appeal to a broader audience ? We 'll pay for expansions ... we proved that with Sims and Sims2 , but do n't screw us like this.I ca n't recommend this game . It is a lot of hype and not a lot of substance . You 're better off test playing it a friend 's house before dropping the money on it to be sure that you really wa n't to spend $ 50.00 on this experience .
 If over 700 registered users are taking the time to get on Amazon and talk about the DRM on this game , I think you should at least consider the possibility they are doing more than making a proverbial mountain out of a restrictive mole hill . I also think that under the right circumstances , a person 's reason for not purchasing a product is of equal value to those who would review the product itself . With that said , here is my two cents : I am not a pirate and I am not a hardcore gamer looking for a fight . I am a casual gamer and I was very interested in SPORE especially after watching the over glorified ad-placement on the discovery channel titled `` The Future is Wild '' . However , I will not be purchasing this game because of the DRM . The game was cracked before the first box was on the shelf so it 's moot to use the piracy defense . EA is hardly the first company to hold a customer 's intellectual property hostage and they will doubtfully be the last ; that is not the issue . The issue is whether or not paying customers will accept this innocent until proven guilty mentality or if they will say enough is enough . I for one have had enough . Shame on you EA .
 Not only did you not stop the hackers from getting to it , four days early I might add , you also went and completely spite your legitimate customers . Napster learned , when are the rest of you going to ? As for me I will not be buying a copy of this , I 'm going to continue to kick it old skool and play me some Ragnaork Online .
 I was planning on buying this game until I saw these reviews . Wow , way to screw up , EA ! By having this RIDICULOUS DRM system , you 're not preventing pirating , you 're only pissing off all the people that are completely WILLING to buy the game LEGALLY!When are the big corporations going to get the hint ? I will not pay a penny for a game with DRM as ridiculous as that on Spore . I 'm glad everyone is taking a stand . Hopefully EA will have a big loss this quarter and they 'll get the message .
 I would love to buy spore , however a -RRB- I have no guarantee I will be able to play my game if their servers go offline -LRB- look at Microsoft 's playsforsure , or yahoo music , where people were ripped off by DRM schemes -RRB- , and b -RRB- their terms of service and EULA essentially call me a criminal simply by installing . I hope the DRM included kills this game out of the gate to be honest , then eventually you publishing houses will realize that treating your customers like criminals will only alienate them . I will never purchase it . Period .
 My oh my . . where to start . Well , I think I will skip the horrendous DRM and go straight to the content . This game was supposed to be 100 % original . Visionary . Enlightening . Yes , we all saw the trailers for the past 3 years and oohed and awed at the marvelous ingenuity of Will Wright 's masterpiece . . or is it ? After playing a few stages into the game , it suddenly dawned on me that my thought processes swirling around in my brain became less and less complex . In short , you do n't have to actually THINK when you are playing this game . It is almost akin to playing one of Reflexive 's `` simplified '' casual games for the masses -LRB- read
 3 installs ? I 'll be returning this product . I 'm out shipping on the return , but it beats a $ 50 coaster . EA is idiotic , the game is being pirated already . All they 're doing is punishing the people who actually buy their game , which has n't lived up to the hype anyway .
 I was looking forward to this game for so long ... was going to get my wife and mother playing it too ... both were big Sims fans . But after reading about how bad the DRM is , there is no way in hell I will be buying it until they completely remove it . Sorry EA , you 've turned certain sales into certain avoidance .
 It really sounded to be an interesting game while it was being hyped over the previous several months . I might 've even pre-ordered it , had I not been aware of the SecuROM DRM that encumbers the game ... I ca n't install it under Wine on Linux . Sounds like I may have dodged a bullet there , in light of the in-depth reviews out there . I think the hesitation that hearing Spore would use SecuROM to treat its customers as if they 're fundamentally dishonest criminals saved me from wasting my money and time .
 This game seems very interesting , but there 's no way that I 'm going to turn over $ 50 for such crippling DRM . I 'm not going to do business with a company that treats its customers like crooks .
 Whenever I get home and I am ready to have fun playing games , the less I want to do is to worry about login in accounts to be able to play games.The only time in my life that I have to call companies over the phone is because I have to activate a software -LRB- Qick Books -RRB- for accounting purposes.The people from EA are making me feel like I am in my office instead of making me feel that I am enjoying a hobbie.DRM is not going to work and I am not going to buy anything from EA until they start treating us like customers.The least they could do is to tell their customers what they are buying before they buy it.DRM has to be removed since I am not planning to buy a new game for each person in my family .
 I have tried to play this game . The most I have managed to play was maybe two hours and then the game will crash and all progress is lost . This happend to me 4 times in one dayThe loading process is very slow and I have never seen a `` Do you want to continue were the game crashed '' message . Very frustratingThe `` new parts '' that you can use to upgrade your creature can get very monotonous , many parts have the same characteristics and only a very slightly difference en in appereanceGraphics quality seems to be 5 or 10 years old . Very frustrating after all the expectationThe game is son unreliable to play that is not even good to give to someone as a GIFTDo n't buy this terrible game .
 When I first heard about SPORE , I got really excited . I have been a fan of many of the similar games produced by EA such as Sim Earth and Sim Life and thought that SPORE might be the next iteration in the process . After making triply sure I could play the game on my old MacBook Pro , I placed my preorder . It was only when the game arrived that I discovered that an internet connection is required to be able to play the game - I had spent 3 months researching the game and this was not mentioned anywhere ! And the computer on which I planned to play the game can not be connected to the Internet -LRB- faulty modem which I do not intend to replace -RRB- . Thus , I returned the game completely unopened to Amazon.com -LRB- that part at least was painless -RRB- . What upsets me about all this is that I was personally looking foreward to a game where I could essentially muck about with fun creature designs . The game be damned , I wanted to make critters!To my dismay , even the Creature Creator software is Internet-dependent . And from the recent reviews I 've been reading , EA is acting like Serious Cybernetics and telling people with legitimate issues to `` go stick your head in a pig '' -LRB- quote from `` Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy '' original radio play -RRB- . This just reminds me of the fact that EA is such a nasty company . They have never had good customer relations and their complaints department is nonexistent as far as I know . Someone working in my local video gaming specialty store has told me that they get more complaints and returns related to EA games than any other company . One wonders how they can stay in business . Personally , I will never buy another EA product if I can help it ! If you 're smart , you wo n't either .
 Such problems with this game ! Due to the nature of my career I change my computer configuration a lot . Got bit hard by the DRM on this . 3 installs and now I ca n't play any more.Why am I being punished for purchasing the game rather than pirating it . Those guys do n't have this penalty !
 Simple quick review.I am a PC enthusiast . I upgrade my pc 's alot as well as format a few times a year , just to get some performance boosts . What does this mean?Spore only allows you to install it a certain amount of times before you have to start jumping through hoops of fire in order to play the game . I ca n't jump well and do n't like fire ... staying away
 The DRM by itself is enough to make it a no buy , as there is no reason for a game to REQUIRE you to verify so often . Not everyone wants their games to phone home and give them any information -LRB- and do you know what it is sending ? -RRB- . Other than that , too much hype , not enough fun . Perfect example of spending more on marketing than on development .
 For the most part , the game is an interesting concept . However , like so many awesome concepts before it , Spore fails for several reasons . First , the aforementioned DRM which limits your machine to a rental and leaves you at the mercy of EA -LRB- fantastic ... -RRB- . Secondly , the one facet that really ended it for me was this
 EA is up to their typical consumer cynicism again , mistrusting you , their should-be loyal customers with over the top DRM . Not only must you activate your game , but you are only allowed to do this a few times before EA will lock you out and interrogate you over the phone asking why you are trying to use your already paid for game in an unauthorized manner.Further , this game has been dumbed down to appease the ritalin-munching ADHD generation , and everything is just about as linear as you would expect from the next generic sim-insert_title_here clone . Things are based totally on stats and not at all on what your creatures and creations cosmetically look like . If you 're ok with supporting publishers such as EA who are constantly pushing DRM-laden software of mediocre quality out to their customers , well then Spore just might be for you .
 I agree with most previous posts citing DRM drawbacks . Because of its DRM , this makes the game an expensive rental . I was so hyped up for this game too . Mind you , I 'm not panning only based on the stupid DRM -- but also on the `` meh '' playability.EA used to be such a good company too -LRB- talking 80 's here ! -RRB- .
 Aside from this whole DRM thing , the game is just bad . Its like the Sims , but trying to hard . There are better games out now .
 In the weeks prior to Spore 's release I often mused to my friend `` Hey , how do you think the creationists are going to like Spore ? '' She laughed . Obviously , the creationists were n't going to like anything that educated young people about natural history and evolution.Then I played Spore and realized that if anything , it 's a huge advertisement for creationism , an almost perfect simulation of the very foundation of Intelligent Design -LRB- minus the engline-like intricacies of the flagellum ;-RRB- -RRB- . In short , your various species pop in and out of existence by your magical `` Hand of God '' . There is no natural selection , no competition for limited resources , and in a crazy Noah 's Arc kind of way you have to befriend as many other creatures as possible -- including the predators -- if you want to be really successful as an herbivore . Is Will Wright trying to suggest that herd animals in Africa , for instance , found success because they flirted and danced with lions and hyenas rather than grouping together in large collectives?Don ' t get me wrong . I understand the need for simplicity . I understand why they had to `` dumb it down , '' so to speak . But the direction they chose for this game is just so utterly stupid you have to wonder if Maxis actually cracked open a real biology book when researching this game or spent all their time reading Of Pandas and People -LRB- look it up here at Amazon -RRB- . This game was in development for seven years . I honestly believe any of us with the most basic understanding of evolutionary science and a healthy love for PC strategy games could sit down for seven MINUTES and come up with a better premise for a game about natural history that would be fun , relatively simple and EDUCATIONAL.What happened to Will Wright and company , anyway ? Their games , despite the liberal use of tongue-in-cheek humor , always contained some very educational aspects . To this day when I refer to `` residential , commercial and industrial zones '' I think back to how I first became aware of those concepts playing Sim City.What are kids going to learn playing Spore ? * The goal of every predatory species is to eraditcate every other species on Earth . Forget the idea that conservationism was borne of the predator 's need to maintain a healthy surplus of food within its niche . In Spore , you get mini-missions to kill x number of a certain species . Then and only then do you get the `` DNA Points '' needed to `` evolve '' . * The working parts and physical characteristics of all creatures on Earth come not from natural selection but strange `` tokens '' that animals collect from the bones of dead animals . * An insect-like creature can suddenly and spontaneously become a bird-like creature as long as he has the right `` token '' . * Evolution does n't follow a predictable pattern based on competition and natural selection but is instead guided by a magical Hand of God that places body parts in a totally whimsical fashion.Scratch that . Whimsical would be nice . But in Spore , we do n't get to be whimsical . Not if we want to survive . As has been mentioned here already , the part you think is best looking for your creature is n't necessarily the part that will help him most , so you 're forced to chose between creating whatever your heart desires -LRB- I thought that was the aim of this game -RRB- or creating what Maxis has determined you should create as the Creature Stage progresses toward the end . * Only one creature on Earth -LRB- your creature -RRB- really actually evolves . All other creatures remain static -- placed by that `` Intelligent Agent '' and then RE-placed as the need arises . * Creatures do n't really roam -LRB- aside from yours when prompted by one of the quests to find a new nest -RRB- . Migration never happens . * The only creatures in the ocean are giant sea monsters . All other creatures immediately jumped from microscopic organisms to fully functional land-dwelling species -LRB- Way to go Will , dropping the water stage -RRB- . Of course we hope most young people playing Spore will be smart enough to realize it 's pure fantasy . On the other hand , something like half the population of the United States believes Creationism is a reasonable explanation for the diversity of life on Earth , so how smart can they be ? I 'm not suggesting that Spore will single-handedly turn an entire generation of potential evolutionary biologists into seminar-educated holy rollers . What I 'm saying is every little bit helps -- or in this case , hurts . A guy with Will Wright 's passion for learning should definately know better . At best , Spore is a rather boring and monotonous scientific/social fantasy . At worst , it 's highly irresponsible -LRB- although unwitting -RRB- propaganda for a dangerous and pervasive anti-scientific mentality in a time when a devout creationist occupies the White House and school boards across the country are demanding `` equal time '' for Intelligent Design blather .
 SecuROM is a huge security risk . It sits in the background running as an administrator , thereby bypassing the most basic security best practice of running software using a lesser privileged account . How long until someone finds a way to hack into SecuROM and use it as a rootkit ? Given that the game has already been cracked , probably not long.Protest with your wallets . Do n't buy spore until EA removes SecuROM .
 I was looking forward to this game as much as anyone else . I want to pay for this game . Despite mixed reviews , I still want to pay for this game.But I will not.The DRM -LRB- better described as Digital Restriction Management -RRB- , is inexcusable . Draconian . Intolerable . Simply wrong.Spore is a textbook example of the wrong way to combat piracy , by turning a great game into an inconvenience for your paying customers while doing nothing to stop genuine pirates . Cracked copies of this game were available on torrents 4 days before it was officially released . Whoever at EA was in charge of this travesty should be looking for another job . Anyone who had veto power on treating customers like criminals should be fired.Ultimatum
 Played for two days , was OK . Hard drive fail meant I am now on two out of my three installs . DRM that penalizes only legitimate users just does n't make sense .
 I wo n't be treated like a pirate . I wo n't have it assumed I 'm gon na cheat . I wo n't support a company that does n't actually sell me what I 'm buying.DRM means no purchase . Ever .
 The DRM for this game is n't just preventing me from copying it , it 's preventing me from buying it . Enough is enough .
 I have many EA games -LRB- I am still playing NBA Live 2K4 daily -RRB- and i am disappointed to see that they have stooped to this level . Activation was a main hate of people when XP came out and for some unknown reason it looks like EA has followed suit.Dont these company realised that DRM annoys legitimate users?All it does is make people want to rage against the machine and use an illegal copy . I am sure that some trusty hacker out there is already coming up with a solution to fool the program . I do hope so , because i dont know if i would ever buy another EA game if this isnt stopped .
 I bought this game at release yesterday morning , and played most of the day , and then when I got home from work today , and it indeed has lived up to the hype in my perception - it is a unique gameplay experience that is engaging , fascinating , and so far seems more replayable than most other games.But , and this is the dealbreaker , while the game is a masterpiece , the product is a DEPLORABLE FLOP , as will EVERY game EA releases with the comsumer-abusive `` SecuROM '' program . Do n't buy this , or any other future EA release using that system , if you do n't want to be told that you must have an internet connection to play a game that does not require the internet to play -LRB- only mild optional internet features do not make it mandatory for gameplay , only mandatory for EA espionage on your computer -RRB- . Do n't buy it if you do n't want to actually have to call and beg permission to reinstall the game should you have system changes and hard-drive-wiping resets to fix your computer more than twice . Do n't buy it if you do n't want to encourage more of this customer abuse in the future , where we pay in reasonable functionality for EA to protect its pocketbook.Too bad the game is so good - I just could n't bring myself to boycott it . Unfortunately , EA is counting on that - as long as the game is great , they can feel free to keep turning up the abuse we must endure to play it . SHAME ON YOU , EA - and SecuROM deserves TAR AND FEATHERS .
 Review title pretty much says it all . Want to be punished for legally buying a game while the pirates play without any of this DRM ? Then buy this game !
 I do n't own this game . So why am I writing a review of it ? The review is for the Digital Rights Management that Electronic Arts is implementing in all of its titles now . I will not buy any game that has this sort of draconian DRM . It only allows for 3 installs . After that permission must be granted from the company . If the company no longer exists or if the game is no longer supported , or if the company for whatever reason decides to deny me permission , my copy of the game will be useless . On the other hand , the pirated version will live on forever , without any hassles whatsoever . However I will not be pirating this game . I will not be buying it or playing it .
 Supporting the cause of the DRM crowd . EA has no right to run this kind of program on our computers . I will not be buying it until its removed from the game entirely .
 This could have been a wonderful game . It had all of the makings of a epic change in how gaming could once again be fun . Not another shooter where you run around centering your cross hair on some unsuspecting individual in the pursuit of fun . You were supposed to create something new , interact with what you created and see how things evolved . I was excited about this game , but the manner in which I thought it was going to be is so completely dumbed down , it makes it not fun in every aspect . This should have been a wonderful game . To add insult to injury , EA games has decided to cripple the game with DRM . I believe that in a short time it will be unplayable by many because of the restrictions that EA has placed on the game through DRM . How long will the servers that say my game is legitimate continue to work ? Will they work 100 years from now ? how about in 500 or 1000 years . How about in 10 years to be realistic . Before you mention that people do n't play games after 10 years , ask yourself when the last time you played solitaire , or decided to play an old board game . You are effectively renting the game from EA and when they decide that you are done playing it , they shutdown the DRM server , and GAME OVER .
 I really hoped for Spore , and I bought it from the EAstore when it was first available - but oh , I should n't have . I could n't play online , and last I tried I still could n't - for my key was n't valid.Then I noticed the aggressive DRM protection , and well - now it 's removed , and I wish to return it to EA.Don ' t buy unless you like things out of control on your own PC .
 This looks like a fantastic game , but unfortunately there 's some extra security precaution software that installs itself alongside the game . There is no way to completely remove it without reformatting.It also only lets you install 3 times . If need to install over 3 times -LRB- like if you discovered the precaution software in the background , uninstalled , then reinstalled noticing the precaution software wo n't go away , then reformatted to get rid of it , then reinstalled trying to avoid the precaution software -RRB- then you find you must contact EA to let you play the game you bought.No company should treat its customers like thieves , it saddens me that it has to be this way .
 I have a very good computer , but i had a lot of trouble installing the game and making it work , because of the DRM and all the bad malicious software it installs ! I have returned the game to the shop.Do not buy it . It causes problem !! i am really disapointed !
 I wonder what the break even point for losing customers to DRM is ? They must have had meetings to determine how many people they were willing to sacrifice over DRM for a poor attempt at keeping the software safe . The only people they are safe from is the people who do n't know anything about computers and would have bought this anyways , and now they have given all the regular home users a small nightmare to deal with . The folks they are trying to keep this game from with use of the DRM have been playing for weeks before it came out since it is rappant across the internet . You ca n't play online ... yet , but i 'm sure now that they have ticked off the nerd community keygens and work arounds are only right around the corner . Maybe EA can include instructions in the box on torrent downloading for the average user since after this huge mistake they will probably never buy PC games again , when putting a console game in takes no effort at all . With average users going to the home console this is like a punch in the face to the PC community . Way to go EA , the team that thought DRM would be a good idea should be fired because they messed up huge .
 Wow , just wow ! This game looks like so much fun , but DRM sure does n't . I came here to buy the game , but I upgrade various parts of my computer all the time , so this is an easy decision for me ... NO WAY . I 've already had the headache of reactivating Windows because of changes to my computer , I 'm not about to go through that for a game!And to think DRM is supposed to be ANTI-piracy . Seems more like PRO-piracy to me .
 well , what not to love . the game itself , sure , it 's fun , but securom 's an infection that the game itself does not need .99 % of people wo n't notice the little DRM blighter , but the 1 % of people that get hit , wo n't like the dramatic authoritarian rigmarole needed to go through in order to play the game if DRM locks up . I 'm starting to hate EA like i hate Steam because of the draconian DRM policies that i 'm forced to adopt just to play a game , and it sucks .
 I was so very excited about Spore for the longest time . I watched all the videos they released years ago , and told everyone I knew to keep an eye out for it ... But there is no way I 'm going to install a virus on my computer just to play it . I refuse to do this with any game , but especially one that only lets you install it a measly 3 times over the course of your lifetime.I tend to reformat my two computers a lot - every year or so - just to clean them up and purge any clutter that might have built up . If I would install Spore on both of my computers , I would essentially only have the game for a year before the DRM blocked me from playing on one of them . That 's absolutely ridiculous.If I ever DO buy this game , I 'd make the purchase , open the box , put the receipt inside , and then download the game without the crappy DRM from a torrent site . I 'd absolutely love to support the developers , because the game itself is amazing from everything I 've seen , but I 'd hate to encourage publishers to use this sort of DRM again.I read on a message board that someone jokingly suggested pirating the game and sending roughly $ 50 to Maxis themselves along with a letter saying you love the game but refuse to use the DRM-laden retail version . I 'm upset enough to say this actually makes sense to me . I normally hate pirating anything , but I think EA has really gone too far this time .
 Why pay to feel violated ? Why pay to own something someone else can take away ? I hope everyone stands up against EA and spreads the word on how unfair this DRM is . What if I want to install this game 10 years from now and the activation system is broke ? I just installed Sim City 2000 the other day for a little old time fun . Will they keep the old servers going long from now ? I have a laptop and desktop I bounce between . I play on the desktop while at home and the laptop when on the road . I am not going to by two copies of the game for myself only . Seriously every single employee at EA needs to think in their own lives if they think it is fair for them to have to buy a game twice when they are the only ones playing it . I KNOW what they feel inside their head . They may not have the guts to stand up to the uppers and say it . Come on you know they would say `` that 's not cool . '' I try demos of games and if I like them I pay the $ $ $ they fairly ask for but to pay and then be treated like a thief is incredible . I am calling tomorrow to see what I can do to return this future paper weight . Maybe everyone that is so upset should go find that unlocked copy i heard about on the web . Is it not so silly that the ones who pay $ $ $ are the ones who have the least freedom why the cheaters get it for free with no DRM ? Will Wright why did you look the other way ?
 I really was looking forward to buying this game . But the DRM that the publisher has decided to use is just too much . I keep games forever so the three install limit and online authentication is a real problem for me . I buy a lot of games but I wo n't be buying this one.I recently purchased a low spec ultra portable and dipped in to my extensive game archive to load it up with low spec older games like Starcraft and Diablo . This would not be possible probably with this type of DRM on Spore as they will likely have shut down the authentication servers 10 years from now . This is more like a rental.And the really shameful thing is that if I wanted to pirate it it would be simple to do as it is widely available as are all games people want to pirate . They have only succeeded in punishing the paying customer for NOT pirating the game .
 The game is only so so . After years of build-up , I had hoped for much more . The most compelling portion of the game , the creature creation , unit building , etc , see almost incidental to the gameplay . That you only have 3 activations before you are denied the use of the game you have paid for is a show stopper . I would not recommend the purchase .
 Spore looked like it 'd be great fun , and I loved the marketing leading up to the launch -LRB- Creatures reacted by famous people , for instance -RRB- , but the DRM makes it a no-go . Simply put , there 's no way I 'll pay $ 50 for a game that requires external authority . I feel offended as a consumer that EA feels they can treat me like dirt and expect me to still play their games . Just being activated externally is bad enough , but to limit it to three is adding insult to injury . I frequently replay games from years past for the fun of it , and knowing I 'm buying the game to play through maybe once more means its a game I wo n't buy.Additionally , I would n't even ever pick this up used , since it may not have activations left . Just shoddy management all around .
 I was excited about this game . I actually bought the creature creator and spent quite a bit of time honing my design skills with it.I was concerned that the creature design would have little effect on game play , and several reviews here confirm this . But I would have bought the game anyway , just for the joy of cruising around a user-designed galaxy , collecting specimens.But the oppressive DRM is the nail in the coffin . I 've purchased every game I 've ever played . I have lost money to DRM , and I do n't need Spore , so I 'm not going to buy it . DRM is for games that wo n't be successful in the long term - the kind of games that need to sell out in the first week to maximize profits , because no one will buy them after the reviews get wide exposure .
 You have no idea how much I was looking forward to playing this game . My kids love the Sims series and I was really looking forward to this concept . So much so that I managed to find get it from Europe a few days before the US release -LRB- beta tester you know -RRB- . First I was astounded that it would NOT RUN under SLI -LRB- nVidia 's dual graphic card setup -RRB- . In fact that fatal flaw cost me 15 hours so far reinstalling my entire windows installation as somehow during the process of DLing more recent nvidia SLI drivers and rebooting a few times my monitor went blank and I must have hard booted a few times before it came all the way up , evenutually I corrupted some windows system files that could not be repaired.Enough of my tech problems on to the game : Phase one -LRB- cell life -RRB- is a `` teaser '' it without reservation boring , I think Maxis even intended it to be sort of an `` appetizer '' to the main elements of the game.Other reviewers have more thoroughly reviewed phases 2-4 which are interesting but go by a bit quickly and would not allow lengthy `` sandbox '' type play as there simply is n't enough in each of those levels to play indefinitately -LRB- i.e. they get boring and repetitive eventually -RRB- . Next phase 5 is more `` sandbox '' like and seems to be the most challenging as I 'm seeming to to be `` stuck '' without making much progress at the moment as another competing race has decided to grief my home planet ad nauseum making me return to base every 5 minutes to defend the homeworld , this becomes a grind and is boring . Making it even more painful the game has become `` UNSTABLE '' and begun crashing.After it had been playing fine for 6-12 hours through levels 1-4 and a few hours into Lvl 5 it begins crashing with increasing frequency . `` Spore has encountered an error and will not be closed by Windows `` This would n't have been so bad except for the fact that it does n't `` save '' your progress when it crashes . Forcing you start over 20-30 minutes `` back '' from where you were before the crash.I will keep playing for a bit but I 'm surprised at how much less fun this game is than what I 'd anticipated . Also God forbid my windows version and PC need to be reinstalled a few more time or I uninstall this huge 5 Gb game and want to reinstall it only to bump against those DRM issues you can read about elsewhere.Here 's a hint like other `` normal '' MMOs charge $ 10 - 15/mo let me play until I 'm `` bored '' and you may end up with $ 180/yr if you can manage to keep ppl entertained for a year or even 5 - 6 mos you 'd probably do better than the $ 50 retail price . I think I 've probably paid the guys at Eve-Online almost $ 1,000 over 4 yrs for two accounts .
 I 've been looking forward to Spore since I first heard the concept . Sadly , the intrusive DRM means that I wo n't be buying it . It 's a sad result both for me and for Spore 's development team.Just to be clear , I wo n't be pirating it either . If the game is ever released without DRM , you can count on my business . Until then , not so much .
 I 've been really hanging out for this game . It had strong appeal since it sounded perfect for a casual gamer like me.The I hear about this 3 activation nonsense ... . what the hell?I do a lot of software testing , so I end up reloading my PC a lot using ghost images -LRB- its easy to get a clean build that way -RRB- . I have to activate the game each time ? What about in 2 months when I 'm planning a motherboard upgrade ? And 6 months after that , when my hard drive needs changing?I wanted to * OWN * a game that I could be playing for years to come ... not one that needs me to call home in a few short weeks when I 'm bound to hit my 4th install.No thanks - unfortunately , DRM is showstopper . :--LRB- If I wanted to rent a game , I 'd get Tabula Rasa .
 I think I would have loved this game . My daughter loved the Creature Creator , and I was looking forward to buying her the full version . But I dont do DRM , ever . I wont even use iTunes ; its all Amazon Music Store for me . Here 's hoping EA gets the word and drops the DRM !
 When you have DRM in a product you take the fun out of the game . No matter how fun the game is , the fact that I feel cheated because I 'm actually renting the game I 've bought sticks to my mind forever . EA , it 's your call - either remove the DRM and stop cheating your loyal customers , or do nothing and see your sales dwindle .
 I was so tempted to buy this until I learned of the DRM nightmare . I 'll be holding off for a while in hopes that they fix it . EA is proficient at ruining a good thing . Blow .
 I contacted EA 2 weeks ago to ask for details about Securom . The reply I got said the concerns about DRM were overblown and that a lot of the things that have been written are not true . He then directed me to the wikipedia page about Securom which verified that there are serious consumer issues . I will not buy this product until EA addresses this .
 When will we stop `` buying '' games with this level of copy protection ? Basically you 're just renting this game , and you better not format your hard-drive , or upgrade your system , because you wo n't be able to play what you paid for . I guess you can look at the box art.I wo n't be buying this game under its current configuration .
 This might have been a cool game but thanks to the DRM it wo n't play on my PC . Last game I 'll ever buy from EA , I ca n't believe they ruined their products with DRM .
 Unfortunately I purchased 2 copies of this game here on Amazon , then I read about the draconian DRM included in Spore.EA is doing very bad things to its customers . I 'll not install it on my system until EA removes the DRM.EA is cheating us , honest people who just want to play their games . On this way , I 'll ban EA games from my purchases list . Next time I 'll wait until the title comes out to read customer 's comments before wasting my money.Convinced 6 friends to stay away from this game thanks to the DRM . Shame on you EA ! Shame on you !
 This should stop . We need more free installs for this product or any other product that we pay for
 I just bought this game from the store and was playing it , so far the game seems rather creative , despite some people complaining about it 's parts that are not true to real evolution . I would have no real qualms about this , but the DRM made it bad . This is probably the worst DRM I 've seen in awhile . If it was n't that I did n't know about the DRM till install , I would not have bought the game . I had enough trouble getting it to work I eventually searched the web for a patch to take out the DRM . The fact I did that should make you realize how bad the DRM is , that I had to find a patch . The game itself deserves some praise , though . I wish more games had this much thought put into them .
 This game ships with DRM that punishes honest computer users , robs them of the resale value , and does nothing to curb piracy . Even with all of these restrictions , this game was already hacked on put on the torrents on Friday . Do not buy this game , it inevitably will stop working .
 Put me down as another prospective buyer who will be passing up this game due to its use of the horrific Securom DRM . Companies like EA are certainly free to choose to treat their customers as potential thieves . Personally I will protest through the only means available - refusing to purchase their products.Too bad , I was really pysched about Spore . I know this is a pure business decision - so mark one in the lost sale column EA .
 I was so excited , like everyone else it seems . And now , I 'm not buying . And for people who seem to support DRM , please understand that it may not have an immediate impact on your computer . There are long term issues associated with it that make it a threat to the very stability of your system . Ignorance does not make the problem go away.I applaud everyone who is finally standing up to the corporations and saying that we are n't taking this anymore . What we purchase is ours .
 I wanted to voice my concern over the DRM . Electronic Arts , if you are reading this , take notes.No one wants DRM in their video games.I have long awaited the release of Spore ; I was going to run out and purchase a `` copy '' until I heard about the 3 time install limit . This is worse then Microsoft Window 's activation scheme . Until the DRM is removed , I will not purchase this game .
 The game looks great and I was pretty excited about getting my hands on it for our PC and Mac ; however , seeing as how it employs some pretty heavy-handed DRM on top of an expensive price for what 's essentially a rental title -LRB- based on the limited installs they `` graciously '' give you -RRB- , I 'll wait for it to hit the bargain bin when it might be more palatable . I suffered through a DRM nightmare with some other titles and it 's something I 'm loathe to repeat . Someday the corporate bigwigs might realize DRM is a misguided proposition that only harms innocent customers ... I 'm sure the pirates are already enjoying the game regardless .
 This is a great game , it 's just a shame that EA has decided to include SecuROM with it , and in doing so , treats its customers as criminals and limits their ability to play the game.I mean , if I decide to swap three hardware components in my computer , each on will count as a different computer and I will not be able to install Spore anymore.WTF ?!? If I pay for the damn thing , I can install it as many times as I want!When will people understand that DRM is just a stupid idea , born from retarded brains that only see dollar signs and ca n't think two seconds ahead?Beisdes , it seems that the game was available for download on a lot of places a few days before it was officially launched , so what people should do was to download the game for free , send $ 50 to Will Wright and a letter to EA letting them know how stupid they are and how many potential clients they 're losing because of it .
 What a disappointment ! I am an avid gamer and was really looking forward to playing this game , but I will go out of my way to avoid DRM 'd `` rubbish '' ! -LRB- I 've been burned before by limited activation schemes . -RRB-
 While I was anxiously awaiting this game to be release , I have since changed my mind . DRM , as currently implemented , is simply too restrictive , too invasive .
 SporeCame here to buy the game , read about the DRM hassle and decided not to buy . Pity for the designers , hope EA learns from the protests and missed sales .
 If spore had a real multiplayer aspect EA would n't need to ship viruses , excuse me DRM , with their games .
 I 'd love to buy this game . Unfortunately , that 's not possible . You can only rent it and install it three times . When it installs , what is essentially a virus automatically installs . The only way to remove that is by completely reformatting my hard disk . This will use up one of my installs , but it will of course also use up any other installs for any other games I may have rented . If every game had crappy DRM like this one , the mess would be terrible.Pass on this one , unfortunately . A non-DRM-version ? Sure , that would be worth five stars .
 It 's well within a publishers rights to attempt to protect their intellectual property from piracy , but you have to look at the method being used.SecuROM potentially opens a paying customers computer to being damaged . There is no reason for a game publisher to put their paying audience at risk simply because they want to protect their rights.There 's an old saying - `` The right to swing your fist ends at the tip of my nose . '' By engaging SecuROM EA is extending their right into space where they have no business being -LRB- i.e. telling me how many times I can install a game that I bought . -RRB- Tell EA and SecuROM that you are n't going to play their game and go buy something else . You might want to look at Galactic Civilizations II , a game with absolutely no DRM at all and yet it sells hundreds of thousands of copies .
 I 've been looking forward to Spore for years , but due to the restrictive DRM I will not be purchasing the game .
 When I go to a store and purchase a sofa , the store does n't tell me that I can only sit on it 3 times . I do n't have to call in to a service center to request that I can wear it one more time.Fact is
 I was planning on buying this game for my daughter and I to play . However I will now wait until I can buy it for a true rental price of less than $ 20 . With the limit to 3 activations , I would be done with activations within a year or two . In order to keep my machine clean , and to upgrade components , I re-install my operating system every 6 months to a year . Give me only 3 activations , and the game is dead to me after a year and a half . Plus , this gives me far less flexibility with which pc 's in my home to install it on . I have 2 PC 's and a laptop , and would be forced to basically pick one for the install.Very unimpressed . EA and Maxis , get over the DRM fiasco . It is ABSOLUTELY hurting your sales .
 It is sad that EA decided to treat its customers like criminals by using the incredibly restrictive SecuROM digital rights management software . Meanwhile , the pirates surely play without a problem . One ca n't in good conscience purchase this game unless the DRM is removed .
 DRM only succeeds in annoying and alienating your customers . As demonstrated here , it can ruin a game , regardless of the quality of the content . Please take a hard look at Stardock 's approach and reconsider this path .
 Like many others , I was excited about Spore.Unfortunately , I refuse to buy it . System-sniffing spyware masquerading as DRM has been tried before ... it did n't work to stop piracy AT ALL , and it gave legitimate users thousands of hours of headache . I refuse to support this practice of locking people out of software they 've bought because somewhere someone might be pirating it , when the pirates have the skills , knowledge , and lack of scruples to just crack the damn thing and be done with it.I do n't support software piracy - the only games I download from the web are either like Freespace 2 , where the company that produces it has released the source code to the public and said , `` Have fun ! '' or are things like Castles 2 -LRB- early , early , EARLY strategy game ... kind of like a Total War series ancestor -RRB- ... no longer in production , not compatible with current operating systems unless someone 's broken it open and rebuilt it to taste . However , draconian bologna like this more likely than not to push people into saying `` Frack it , I 'll just download the bloody thing . `` edit
 I played Spore on a friend 's PC and it is pretty good , and while I 'd love to purchase it , I refuse to until there is a DRM-Free version .
 A great game by a great designer that 's been reduced to a bad industry joke by the crippling DRM . Do n't buy until they fix it .
 I seriously had this game in my cart and was about to buy it when I found out that it comes with SecuROM . Oh well .
 Man - I hate finding reviews like these . I was looking forward to this game . Was going to buy it on the way home from work . The trailers made it look incredible . I stopped by Amazon to see what others thought ... WOWI 'm not putting up with a game that assumes I 'm a criminal . It 's a real shame , because the game looks so good . But EA is not getting my money - not this way .
 I , like many other , was eagerly anticipating this game . However , after hearing about this ridiculous protection scheme , I 've decided to wait till EA comes to their senses on this one ... I 'm sure it wont be long till the tidal wave of bad PR forces them to do so .
 I did NOT buy this game because of DRM . They allow you to install the game 3 times before you call in and ASK to install again . Please , EA , there are computer upgrades , new computer purchases , new hard drives that make a computer appear new . You expect US to pay for it , the least you can let us do is USE it ! Many claim DRM is not an issue to them , that is fine . But wait until their PC crashes , they 'll be out of luck . Have fun with a game that EA does n't want you to play.In EA 's eyes we are ALL thieves , their precious game needs to be protected from us . Vote with your dollars and DO NOT buy this game until EA releases a patch ! Stop them from treating us like criminals!It is such a shame . Will Wright is a brilliant man and deserves all the credit for this wonderful game , the PROBLEM lies with EA , however . They KNOW this game will go down in history for being one of the most innovative , they never thought that their DRM will also give it a place in history as well.Support Will Wright , but ONLY when EA removes its DRM .
 Hey , I have a great idea for EA to `` improve '' their DRM
 I have bought this game a few days ago on the Internet . This morning , Ijust returned it unopened to the webstore because I heard yesterday thatyou can instal it only three times . That 's right , you must phone to EASupport , give a proof of your purchase and a reason for why you have reached this three instals limit to get a additional intallation each time you want to reinstalit once you have passed the three installation limit.I 'm used to cleaning my hard drive every six month ! How can I bewilling to buy a game which I can not play with 1 year and a half afterpurchase ? In addition , I like to play older games
 I like how they treat the people that will actually pay for this like criminals . So if I wanted to pirate it I can get a version that I can install as many times as I want , does not put virus like software on my computer with out telling me AND a get it before release . Tell me why the people who steal this are getting a better game than me ? And why am I not stealing it also ...
 It has DRM , no chance I will ever support it , so no chance I will ever buy this , too bad too , looked fun . Sadly I 'd be willing to bet this actually INCREASES piracy of games , oh well , have fun promoting piracy , EA !
 I do n't like the DRM on it and especially having to call EA and talk to their rep.
 I was actually looking forward to getting this game . These reviews have changed my mind . Kudos to Amazon US for not deleting all the one star reviews like Amazon UK . EA may have lost a customer but Amazon has not .
 As always I looked at the reviews before buying and I will not buy this virus .
 This game is so short and and so shallow that it is directed for little kids . On top of that you truly do n't even buy the game you get 3 activations then you have to go through EA to renew it . You do not want to go through EA customer service as they are known for having the worst possible customer service . All you 'll get out of it is a big headache for an over hyped game . STAY AWAY FROM SPORE !
 This game makes my virus protection software go crazy , it thinks the game is a security threat . There is no way I will turn off my computer 's security to play a silly game . What were the developers of this game thinking ? Amazon is getting a return on this one .
 Spore . This game has such promise . Such potential . And Electronic Arts blows it with ultra-restrictive DRM.You can only install the game three times . THREE . This is a game that has YEARS of replay value , and EA expects us to have only three installs before we go begging to them for just one more install . You better have a good reason too . How long before we start hearing about EA denying people licensing due to a bad string of hardware , natural disasters , and the like?Avoid this game like the plague . I wish I had . I 'm planning to upgrade my PC in 3-6 months , heaven help me if my hard drive dies before then ...
 The REAL reason behind 3 total installs is so that it is a major pain in the caboose to resell the game . Game publishers are tired of us making money off of reselling games and people saving money buying used . This is their way of preventing us into never selling or buying used.EA could n't make up their mind how to proceed with Spore . Is it a casual game , or hardcore ? A mix of both ? Well , the gameplay has suffered , as it is a series of minigames that are uninspiring , repetitive , and just not very fun at all.Ten years in the making does n't mean anything when your core focus is to make money via expansions , ala The Sims . It looks like the investors of EA ruined this game , and the developers let it be ruined . It 's sad .
 I bought this game , and I have to say it is quite amazing . However , I personally own 6 computers , and the DRM thing will certainly prevent me from considering purchasing future titles with similar DRM.EA , I actually bought this game and you 're punishing me . Do you think you will `` win the piracy war '' with such a clumsy tactic ? Some folks in Scandinavia or Russia will have a crack by the end of the week , and you will have accomplished nothing beyond frustrating customers . Fail !
 I purchased the Galactic Edition , and I love the box contents , etc. . I think the game has veered a lot from the original plan , which sounded much nicer than the game is now . This is a dumbed-down experience meant for ` Mass Appeal ' , read , ` Lowest Common Denominator ' type of user . It 's kind of sad that what was such a promising game turns out to be created to entertain everyone for the widest Mass Appeal possible , instead of creating something interesting . While I enjoy the game very much , and I enjoy the content creation tools even more , things like DNA expression from generation to generation is missing . Instead of being challenged to make creatures similar to , but more advanced than , previous generations , we simply get more ` points ' to spend on upgrades for each succeeding generation . This is normally a very effective way to design games , but at times like this , it simply feels antiquated , a throwback to ` how many lives and points can you get before Game-Over ' . Again , do n't get me wrong , I still enjoy the game very much , but can not help but wonder what could have been.What I find completely unacceptable , however , is the intrusive DRM used in the game . I do not pirate , I purchase -LRB- albeit on sale whenever possible -RRB- , and I appreciate the hard work that goes into any game . But when a ` Three Times to install and You 're Out ' DRM scheme is used , and made worse by the required installation of malware that cripples your machine , that is simply a defective product , no excuses , no two ways around it . If this DRM system must be used , why can not a ` revoke activation ' tool be provided , the same way they did for Bioshock -LRB- before Bioshock was patched to let any user have unlimited installs , as they promised they would do -RRB- ? Calling EA tech support , begging some script kiddie tech support person to ` allow ' another install simply because Windows Vista corrupted itself is totally over the top ! And I change hardware often in my PC 's . To me , a better way is that each serial number allows the creation of one game account the way Stardock Software does it . Stardock Software uses no copy protection , but you associate the serial number to your account , and can download the game without needing the CD 's . Plus they constantly give you updates , new content , and support , to make your purchase well worth it . That way , even if someone ` pirates ' a full copy of the game , it is basically a demo of what they get for paying for it . Games from stardock software , such as Galactic Civilizations 2 and 3 , their expansions , Sins of a Solar Empire , etc , outsell other PC games , and yet have no DRM and no piracy , for that very reason .
 Be careful , this game will stop working if you upgrade your PC too many times , or when EA eventually shuts down their activation servers .
 The game is decent enough , however as a consumer i can not purchase something that has been DRM 'd to death like this . Mass Effect , Bioshock and now Spore ... the DRM does n't stop ANYONE from pirating the game and it takes away from the game for the everyday consumer like me . I 'll go back to playing my classic DRM free PC games . Thanks , but no thanks !
 Can not get the game running thanks to the BS DRM . Yet EB Games wo n't let me open it ... so now I 'm stuck with a $ 50 coaster.DON ' T BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY REMOVE THE DRM . IT only HURTS US legitimate purchasers .
 Wow ... I was shopping around because I was stoked to buy this game . I like to upgrade my computer and hate to see I may be screwed by the DRM in the future.And turning off loyal customers for what EA ? The game is already cracked , what good does this do but frustrate your paying customers ?
 The DRM in this game is horrible , and in 5 years , you will likely not be able to install it again . This game is for RENT not for SALE .
 Take note of the entertainment media you purchase . If that music is DRM-laden , do n't buy it ... you may not be able to listen to it after a certain amount of time . If that movie needs to `` call home '' to show you the movie , do n't buy it , you may not always have an Internet connection . If the game has DRM such as SecurROM , SafeDisc , CopyLok , ProtecDISC , or any of the many other authentication methods . If you do , and that company goes out of business , you lose the ability to authenticate and have lost the money you purchased on your game.Take note of Yahoo! Music Unlimited . They sold digital music with DRM . Now the business is closed and the purchased music can no longer be listened to . $ 100 for 100 songs ... down the drain . Imagine if Apple 's iTunes store ever went offline ... the thousands of dollars of music people have purchased
 I got this game the day it came out for some reason . It 's fun and all as a casual game on my personal laptop , but when I 'm home and family and roommates want to play as well , the manual promised multiple accounts on hte same game . They have recently said that it was a misprint and will change it in later versions . I also tied to install it on my desktop without success . I guess I 'm stuck waiting for my Apple craptop to return from Apple again to fix yet another problem . That 's a different review . So now I 'm stuck with a somewhat fun game that has n't delivered what the hype promised.The different stages are extremely unbalanced in length and importance overall . Even though this game has been fun the first couple times I played through it , the editor and creature creator was the best . When it comes down to it and game play is n't the strong point of a game based around game play , well let 's just leave it at that . The DRM they have on this is borderline Rocky & Bullwinkle melodrama ridiculous . I should have realized that when it was EA . To add to this , their customer service is almost oblivious to their problems and extremely rude.I wish EA would learn from their previous problems and listen to the gamers , cause I for one am gon na try to return the game . It was $ 49.99 before taxes that was n't worth it . So I wasted some time with it , it all comes down to that , it truly was a waste . Maybe if EA wises up or they release some amazing updates it 'll be worth it , but as of now do n't worry about anything . Trust me , you are n't missing out on anything . Just get the character creator and play with the editors and you 'll have more fun than the game itself .
 bought it on sell on a whim biggest waste of money in my life . Can not believe this trash was ever released . I have played my share of games with bugs but this one i cant not just over look . A bug that basically got rid of all my progress and completely stop me from just saving a game after i was done is insane . `` F '' this game and the people who made is . save your money for a game that is worth it
 Remember when you could just buy PC games , install them on your computers , and just be happy with them ? Well , sorry ! Big gaming industries instead decided to make it utter hell to try to install and play a game that you legitimately bought . 10 years of game development went straight down the toilet for EA . Which is really sad , because I wanted to play this . I never did get it because of all these horror stories , yet I gave it 4 stars for fun because , from the gaming videos I 've seen , it looks like the kind of thing you 'd play every once in a while . I was distraught by the security garbage that was incorporated into playing Empire
 Spore is a simple fun game that engages the creative side of the player . The humor is cute , game play is charming . The game is graphic intensive and do n't expect much assistance from EA Tech Support who follow a flow chart but ca n't think outside the box . The game gets boring quickly and is limited .
 This game , while not quite living up to the hype -LRB- let 's be honest , how could it ? -RRB- can be rather fun , but 2 things have contributed to the fact that it is now collecting dust on my shelf . The first is the DRM ... I do n't really have anything to say about this that hase n't been said ... suffice to say I beleive DRM has a decent shot at running PC gaming into the ground if this goes on . The other thing is , for whatever reason , this game just did not have the replay value i expected . I ca n't even quite put a finger on why , but i never play it anymore .
 Despite a good idea for a game , the producers did n't manage to create a good one . I am really disappointed with this game . I just played once , the stages are very repetitive , and the last part is extremely boring . The majority of the parts that you put in your creatures are just cosmetics ...
 Spore kept my interest for a month or so . I got bored with it and decided to sell it only to find that the email address that I used to authorize it can not be changed . The new owner could not log-in and use the online features because he would have to use my email address and password . For as long as the Spore CD I bought remains in existence , it is tied to my email address . EA will reauthorize only for an additional fee.This is an outrageous elevation of the interest of the company over that of the purchaser . I told EA I will not buy any product of theirs until they abandon this crazy policy . I suggest you pass this game by .
 I got it . Played it for an hour . Have n't gone back . It 's so boring it should be criminal .
 The Good
 Sigh . I was looking forward to playing this game . I like at least three of the four modes it plays it.But it wo n't run on * either * of my Macs . They 're both to old . Unless I buy a copy of Windows -LRB- either Vista or XP -RRB- and install that on them . All because I bought them before Apple switched from the GMA 950 to the GMA 3100 . So it makes at best a miserable frisbee for me .
 I have been expecting spore with great anticipation ever since the E3 video where it was introduced . Imagine my surprise when I found out that it has anti-consumer DRM measures built-in . This game installs Securom and among any other `` protections '' it limits you to 3 installs total . If your hard drive crashes , gets formatted accidentally , gets infected by a virus , you reinstall windows , or you change your computer significantly then it forces you to reinstall the game and `` use up '' an install . If you use all 3 installs then you are pretty much out $ 50 . Presumably , the pirated copy does n't have these limitations . I believe this game is going to be pirated more than bought simply for that reason.EA / Maxis , I implore you to get rid of this awful DRM . It is apparently not keeping people from pirating this game , while only hurting people who have lawfully paid for it . An acceptable alternative is to release the game on Steam without Securom . Steam 's protection is more than enough and it does not anger your customers . I , for one , will not be paying OR playing until you do or at least until the game hits $ 10 in a jewel case at Walmart . $ 10 is n't that big of a loss when the DRM steals the game I paid for from me .
 With all the DRM incidents in the last couple of years , you 'd think publishing companies would learn . Avoid this like the plague unless you want un-removable software on your PC and constant headaches .
 I was looking forward to this game for years . I have followed its development for as long as I can remember . I will not pirate this game , but I also refuse to pay for something that 's defective and will only function for a short time while taking full control of my computer and treating me like a criminal.Not only does the game have lackluster reviews but the draconian DRM is beyond anything we 've seen released lately . What is EA thinking by treating its customers so horribly ? Everyone would be better off by pirating , and that 's a sad state of affairs .
 Came to Amazon to purchase it , but would NEVER buy it after reading the DRM reviews .
 In protest of unfair and draconian DRM scheme . EA should know consumers wo n't stand for this !
 Having bought the game , it was a good amount of fun until I ran up against the DRM wall . Playing a game that is constantly assuming I 'm a criminal until proven otherwise is just flat out demeaning to the customers and should be stamped out wherever it occurs.If I get much more annoyed with it , I 'll be returning it .
 3 activations ??? I still play StarCraft . It was released over 10 years ago . If it had an activation system like Spore , I would have had to activate it dozens of times as I 've gotten new computers or upgraded them.Also , can someone explain the logic of this type of DRM in stopping piracy ? Is being told I can only use my game for a certain amount of time more or less likely make me want to get a free pirated version that does n't have that limitation ? -LRB- Answer
 just download it for free instead of paying for a crippled version . the sad thing is that I was going to buy this just to support the game .
 Well I for one refuse to purchase this game due to the DRM . A friend of mine bought it and not only is it boring and far too dumbed down than I originally expected , you are basically paying $ 50 to rent the game from EA.DRM is a terrible method to prevent piracy - it punishes legitimate customers and those who pirate the game have plenty of ways around this . A week before the game was out there were thousands of seeders and over 100,000 leechers on various torrent tracking websites . Shame on you , EA . Thanks for completely turning me off of this game due to your idiotic and unnecessarily rigorous policy . Let me install the game once and connect to game servers if I want to go online.I hope this game bombs , shame on EA . And Will Wright , shame on you . Your name is too big for you to be against this and allowing it to pass .
 I 've been wanting Spore for a long time . But not so much that I 'm willing to tolerate invasive malware ... errr ... DRM . The worst thing that could have happened to this game , bar none.I refuse to rent my games , EA . Sorry , no sale .
 Title says it all , and is as accurate as it gets . Software issues , hardware issues , failed installs , or just wanting to reinstall a game in order to play it again down the road ... all legitimate issues that the consumer is left to be faced with , after paying to own something that they 're limited in using.When you purchase something , you own it , period . Hence , you -LRB- should -RRB- have the right to do what you will -LRB- legally -RRB- with anything you purchase , whether it be a piece of software or a musical instrument . The right of ownership no long exists when you 're limited to how many times you can install software.PC enthusiasts suffer , due to regular reformats and hardware changes . However , the `` average Joe '' suffers equally , because everyone , at one point or another , has a problem with their systems.The limited install fiasco and insanely -LRB- and just generally insane -RRB- heavy-handed `` Gestapo '' tactics can lead to loss of enjoyment down the road , should you require more than three installs , and worse , loss of money if you have to buy another copy of a game due to it.Worse yet , it 's been stated that it 's NOT to prevent piracy -LRB- which is simply impossible anyway -RRB- , but in order to make more money by attempting to stop second-hand sales of games , which EA feels is money that could be lining their pockets.Even IF you could call to get another license to install something you 've already paid for , which is `` at their discretion '' , btw ... is EA going to cover my cell phone minutes ? Who has time or time for that **** ? There are too many issues for me to get into here , but if you 've at least half a brain , I 'm sure you could expand upon this for yourself.Absolutely ludicrous ...
 What a great turn off when i bought the game and i found that it need activation . I am been punished for buying the game .
 Huge hype about spore . I was looking forward to what would essentially be an extended civilization . What I got was something significantly less.The game is essentially built as a composite of 5 minigames , the 5th game -LRB- space age -RRB- being the one that everyone was most interested in . Initially you can do a few things with your microbe , then greatly customize your creature , which is fun , but the games to advance your animal into a tribe , then civilization are pretty much the same.In phases 3 through 5 you 're essentially playing a variation on a real-time strategy . If you 're not into Command and Conquer or Starcraft , this will leave you rather frustrated and bored , as you have to maneuver and manage multiple pieces on a board simultaneously and the ENDLESS creation modes become monotonous and drudgery rather than an artistic release , grinding piece after piece to find something you like , then manually painting it . I prefer modeling at the kitchen table between meals , not at my computer when I want to be conquering galaxies . You can use the prefabs to do this and go back to customizing later , but the process is clunky and can take a long while to familiarize and master.Overall the game is simply an overly simplified form of Civilization and an advanced form of Pokemon . For the kids it can be entertaining , for adults this one 's a bust.Oh and a personal note to Electronic Arts , your DRM is crap . You should know better than to try this . Now you have the dubious honor of the most downloaded cracked game ever . Well done ! ... I think .
 I bought the Spore Creature Creator months back , made a few wee beasties , and was looking forward to the full game . The full game has come out and it does indeed look fun - in addition to reading positive online reviews from users , I got to salivate over the game itself at a big box store - but I 've decided not to get it until the DRM issues are resolved.I can understand companies ' desire for DRM . They 've invested quite a bit of time , money , and effort into their product and want to be compensated for those things . It 's perfectly reasonable . However , DRM - especially this type of DRM - is not the way to protect their IP.First and foremost , EA , I am not a criminal . Putting DRM on my machine does absolutely no good because I purchase my music , movies , TV shows , and games . Treating me like a criminal and putting measures in place to stop me from stealing your product is a waste of time and effort.Most importantly , however , your DRM is punitive and you literally do not have the right to do harm to because you believe I possibly might do harm to you . You do not have the right to proactively cause me or my computer harm . The DMR used in Spore , SecuROM , is a rootkit . Previous rootkits by the same company , Sony , have allowed hackers to gain access to and install malware and viruses on the computers of unsuspecting people who purchased and played Sony music CDs . Let 's be clear - the rootkits were on CDs they legitimately purchased and were installed without the users knowledge.But , those issues aside , here is the crux of the matter for me , EA
 Spore looked like it could be one of the most exciting titles in years but comes with DRM disc protection so I will return it and never ever put it on my computer . Because this type of protection limits how often it can be installed it means you are basically paying full retail price to rent the game . EA should know better and they need to be boycotted til they stop these practices .
 Like everyone else , the DRM issues have made me reconsider . As long as the DRM stands in it 's current form , I refuse to buy the game . Simple as that .
 I have been looking forward to this game forever . The game play is a bit oversimplified . Add in the free virus -LRB- DRM -RRB- that EA installs underhandly and it leaves me convinced to never buy or play another EA game on the PC.Had I not pre-ordered the game , I would never have bought it after reading about all the troubles people have had with the DRM virus .
 Why is it that every EA game is garbage out of the box . It takes them 3 patches before things are even feasible to play . SPORE is a very fun game ... when it 's working . First , the obvious . The DRM issues are ridiculous . I had to wait hours for the server to become available before I could activate . Second , graphical issues are rampant . I have two 8800 GT cards in an SLI configuration , and the game would n't even load because I was using an `` out-of ` date '' video driver . Just happens that my `` out-of-date '' driver was the latest WHQL released nVidia driver . I had to install a beta driver just to run the game in SLI . Once I FINALLY got the game running I was plagued by random crashes , shader corruption , and numerous other graphical problems.Technical issues aside , this game is fun . The fun , however , wears thin as things become very repetitive . I guess all-in-all I would have to say this game really is n't worth $ 50 , but then again , is any EA game ? ... ever ?
 Great game to play . It 's just that you 're paying a company -LRB- EA -RRB- to install a rootkit on your machine , monitor what you 're doing , and generally treat you like a criminal . Do yourself a favor and stand up for yourself instead of just rolling over and letting these big companies treat you like you 've already stolen the game .
 Spore will remain on my Amazon `` wish list '' until I see that EA has fixed the DRM issue to the community 's satisfaction . Maybe Amazon can apply some pressure , since they 're losing so many potential sales of what could have been a blockbuster . Amazon also has a `` get-it '' factor - witness their recent move to DRM-free MP3 sales .
 I was really looking forward to Spore , it would probably have been one of the best releases of the year . I 'm a firm beliver that if a game is worth having , it 's worth paying for . But there 's no way I would pay for a game that can only be installed 3 times . After some of the other Securom fiascos , you 'd think EA would learn something . No money for you .
 Game looks incredibly fun . I was very excited to purchase it . Unfortunately , this is the latest in a series of games that EA is ruining with an insidious piece of DRM software that limits you to three installations and screws up your computer.Pirates will steal , EA . You can not prevent it . What you can , prevent , however , is alienating potential customers by treating them like crooks and shackling your games with tyrannical programs . And I will not buy this game until this game is re-released without the DRM-lunacy .
 Sorry but the install of invasive DRM and limit of three installs is not acceptable . Might be a good game , but I 'll save my money for a different one without DRM . Have had too many hassles with DRM from legitimately purchased software .
 i was consider buying this game ... but the drm sucks . i played the downloaded pirate copy i got from bittorent and it was not fun . . at all .
 I was going to buy it this weekend but when I found that it was DRM 'd I 'm saying no . I do n't buy DRM 'd music why would I buy a DRM 'd game .
 Simply put , I wanted to buy it but then I heard about the DRM issues and now wo n't buy out of principles .
 No , seriously , who was the one that decided limiting it 3 installs was a good idea ? Punish the pirates , not the consumers .
 The game is great , the DRM sucks . Fight back ! Do n't let them do this to games ! This is not fair !
 Everybody else has pretty much had the same complaint . The game 's digital rights management system sucks . I saw EA , I knew better , I still fell into the trap . Never again.Put this game back into the development cycle for another ten years . Wash , rinse , repeat .
 I really looked forward to this game only to find out about the 3 install limit . I upgrade and rebuild my computer at least once a year . I try to reinstall my OS at least as often to keep things running smoothly . I have little faith that their help line will always be available and most games I own I tend to go back and play years later just for kicks . This DRM will stop this game from ever being a classic .
 I reserve the right to sell a game when I become bored with it . Any company which attempts to take that right away is stealing my investment in that game . Steer well clear of this game if you do n't want to end up throwing your money away .
 Wow thats horrible , I was actually looking forward to maybe buying this game , but whats the point in buying a game that wo n't work down the road , in the future , and the fact of limited installs . . Geez just stab me in the heart and kick in my stomach why do n't you.DRM = bad for society , for you , for gamers , for games , for music , for movies , for everything and everyone . To put it simply , regular users LOSE , while the game can and has been pirated anyway . So whats the sense of it all ? I say let pirating roll in now , because DRM can not be allowed to continue being found on forms of digital media . This must be punished.Fact is , if someone can code something , it can be cracked and it will go free of its `` DRM '' . This is a stupid and useless attempt of protecting a product from piracy .
 I preordered this game through Amazon a couple of weeks ago , and unfortunately I did n't really take notice of the DRM implemented into this game . Since Amazon shipped it out before I took note I was unable to cancel my order beforehand . Based on personal research and reading this forum as soon as USPS delivers this puppy it 's going back -LRB- must remember not to open said software box -RRB- . If EA takes note of this DRM nightmare and fixes it , maybe I 'll consider reordering . Until such time my $ 50 is better spent elsewhere , perhaps on some blank writable media .
 I was very excited over this game and pre-ordered well before release . The DRM policy and limit of 3 activations kills it though . At this price I do n't deserve to be treated like a software pirate . I understand EA wants to limit piracy , which can take away a major amount of their profit margin , but the DRM on this game is just ridiculous .
 I played the beta release creature creator and enjoyed it a lot.I do not intend to buy this game with the current DRM in place.I may want to play it on more than one of my personal computers , like on my laptop , or my multimedia system , instead of always on my game machine.I 'm not unusual in having more than one machine.Because it requires an internet connection to `` validate '' itself at least once every 10 days , which is already offensive for a stand-alone game , I would not be able to play it on trips where I might not have access to internet . Because it blocks after three tries , I have n't actually purchased anything , just rented it . Fifty dollars is too much for a game rental , especially since it 's Not Really All That.When EA Games can pull its marketing head out of its marketing nether regions , and provide us with a game that we can own , I would be glad to buy it , but this baloney DRM has already been cracked . I wo n't pirate it , as I am not a thief , and I am insulted by EA Games ' assumption that I am .
 I was very excited for this game to hit the shelves and pick up a copy but after learning of the DRM used by EA I will be passing on this one . If it gets removed I will then purchase it.I have Windows XP right now and will most likely upgrade within the next few months or so which would eat up 2 of the 3 installs right off the bat . I will not buy a game under those terms and will take my money elsewhere in the meantime .
 The problem with this game is the DRM . First and foremost . Many internet connections have issues with the particular verification it uses , and so you have at least a reasonable likelihood to not be able to play the game at all . Personally , I own Mass Effect , which has a similar SecuROM setup , and have spent the last several months arguing with EA 's support about whose fault it is I can not activate the game . I obviously have an internet connection , and even BioShock never had any trouble activating.Claiming that people need to `` review the game , not EA '' is fine , but the fact is as follows
 How can EA legally get away with putting spyware on your computer.I will never buy another EA product for my PC . Be warned that this software can crash your system .
 I was so terribly disappointed to find out about the draconian measures employed to `` safeguard '' this game . I 'll never install something that requires me to sign away so many of my rights as an individual -LRB- except maybe a cell phone contract ... sigh -RRB- . I was really looking forward to playing this game , but my enthusiasm has been squelched.I 'd consider playing the pirated version available online , except for the fact that in some ethical way that would be supporting the company who wants to take away my rights . I 'm not even willing to subject myself to the splash-screen advertising at the beginning of the game . I 'm fed up and disgusted with all DRM , and this is some of the worst.EA , please learn your lesson and give up . Hackers will always break your DRM , so you 're only punishing the very people putting their hard earned money towards your paycheck . When you see the light and just make software that 's easy and free -LRB- as in speech -RRB- to use , you 'll pull yourself out of this quagmire .
 This game had so much potential to be a great release , but instead it became a crippled mass of malware . There 's nothing wrong with the game itself ; the game is excellent , and while I have seen other people playing it and greatly admired all of its aspects , I simply refuse to buy a game that 'll only work for a few months for $ 50 without a guarantee that I , as the person who purchased the game , can get more activations.As someone who owns four computers that are regularly used with rolling OS reinstallations every three months and builds a new computer at the end of every year , this scheme just does n't work for me . It 's too bad , too ; this could have been a great game . Too bad I ca n't buy it rather than rent it .
 DRM has infected this game , and I ca n't really support the use of DRM in any product . It does n't protect anyone . If you buy this game , you will be forced to use EAs terrible SecuROM activation scheme . Instead , how about you go pirate it and use a fully functional game?Not that you would really want to . I found this game to be fun for about an hour , then I did n't really see the point . And I BOUGHT the game .
 DRM is like gun control
 I want to continue being a big fan of EA . But their DRM on this game causes it to go from an obvious purchase to an avoid-at-all-costs product . A pariah . Hopefully the massive turn out against this and other DRM policies will kill future efforts to add it onto games .
 Read the other reviews and do not buy this game until EA removes SecuROM protection , which hoses many computers and unfairly limits your game ownership . Once that is removed , I think people will really love this title ... but not until then .
 Bought Spore last Sunday . I still am unbale to play the game because it wo n't connect to the internet .6 of my friends with 6 different computers have purchased the game and ALL 6 are unable to play the game because Spore will not connect to the internet to let them play the game.I have removed all security programs from my computer , i.e.firewall and antivirus . No luck , Spore still wont connect to the Net.People need to realize that EA has added DRM and securom to the Spore cd . So basically you are renting the game for $ 50 . Spore will need to need connect to EA every 10 days . I do n't need an EA babysitter to check on me every 10 days ! You are also only allowed 3 reinstalls for each Spore cd . If you buy a new computer and reload Spore , 1 down . If your harddrive fails and you reload again , 2 reloads down . 1 reload left , use it wisely or you will have a $ 50 drink coaster for the coffee table . I returned Spore to the store where i had purchased it , made a huge stink because the game was opened , but got my money back . All my other EA games have been thrown into the tree shredder . At least I had some satisfaction . EA , STOP PUNISHING YOUR CUSTOMERS . I AM NOT A THIEF AND I AM NOT A GAME PIRATE ... STOP IT !!!!!!!
 At first I was worried about the DRM issues prior to release . I did n't like the the fact that you had a limited number of installs . -LRB- This would be my first go-round with DRM -RRB- . None-the-less I bought the game anyways , because , it still looked awesome . Key word word is `` looked '' . The game is far from it . This abolished my concerns with the DRM . I do n't plan on reinstalling after I 'm done with this game.I do n't know why they have you waste time evoling a race if it only lasts 3-4 hours , then you 're in space for a majority of the game . The creature creation part does n't feel like there 's a point when your modifications do n't actually balance into battles and/or social interactions.I guess I was hoping for something more along the lines of CIV 4 . I should have waited to read some of the reviews first .
 Game definitely falls short of expectations , and DRM scheme is overly aggressive.I agree with others
 EA 's track record of acquiring game design studios who actually make good products and ruining them in the marketing phase continues . First they saddled Mass Effect with overly intrusive and potentially system-damaging DRM -LRB- there are people who have had their DVD drives rendered permanently inoperable because of it -RRB- , and now they do the same to SPORE . Both of these games were at the very top of my list of game purchases for 2008 , but now , even though I 've seen and played both on a friend 's computer , neither one will ever touch my hard drive . EA made certain that Maxis and BioWare , two studios I am more than happy to support , will not see my money after all , and I 'm just one of a large number of consumers who are doing the same . It makes me a bit sad for the studios , but angry with EA.My advice is to steer clear of this game and any EA product until they wise up and stop violating the Fair Use laws with SecuROM .
 Some 10 years ago I had plenty of time to play games , and boy , did I. Nowadays there 's work , obligations , family , well , you know , not much time to play games anymore . My PC slowly but surely turned from a `` l33t gamebox '' to a less video-card oriented office machine.I still like to play PC games , as console games never really did it for me - I enjoy the depth of strategy games the PC still has to offer . Now and then , I look up from my PC and notice that only 6 short hours remain until work , so the games can still be quite captivating.As far as I can determine , Spore is such a game . The innovating gameplay , combined with a low learning curve , would seem an ideal game for me . However , the restrictions created by the license -LRB- and the way it is enforced -RRB- , seem a lot less enjoyable to me . Am I to understand that I have to pay 50-60 euro for a product that treats me like a potential criminal ? I am sorry , but I do take offense to that . And not only that , I am not too keen of installing possibly privacy-intruding and disruptive software onto my PC , that is not exclusively used for this game -LRB- or games altogether -RRB- . It 's the world upside-down and I 'm voting with my wallet in response to that.Looking for a no-hassle in-depth game for occasional play ? If you 're anything like me , I 'd look to companies like StarDock , that do treat their customers the way the deserve to be treated
 DRM sucks . Yep , it sure does . Ok , so that 's out of the way ... I was so excited about this game . I kept an eye on its progress since 2005 . I was so ready for this game to be released . I read all about this DRM stuff , but I was still willing to buy the game . I told my wife I would be so involved with this game that she might need to hang with her friends for a few days.First off , I got the message that my video drivers were too old and I would have to disable one of my GPUs . My driver from Nvidia was less than a month old . Irritating , but it was a simple fix . I just deleted the part of the script that displays the alert . Game runs fine now with both GPUs.Well , I played it for a couple of hours , lost interest , and went to do something else . The game was really kinda boring . I mean I liked the graphics in the cell phase . The social path I took in the rest of the phases just got really repetitive . Sure it was great to see the different creations , but really , it did n't hold my attention for long . So I played it for an hour or two at a time for the next few days.Finally , the space phase came and for a few hours I was really into it . I thought I had finally found the best this game had to offer . Really fun and interesting it was . Variety , cool things to do ... Then came a constant and I mean CONSTANT barrage of pirate attacks and a war with a civilization that kept demanding more sporebucks than I had . You get a ship -LRB- and maybe a few ally ships by your side -RRB- to fend off constant attacks on multiple planets at the same time . No sooner did I repair the damage from an attack and there would be another one . It was very discouraging . The cities do n't even repair themselves . You have to personally visit each one to direct the repairs -LRB- in your one ship -RRB- . I was about to do some cool terraforming stuff too ... Well , no time for that anymore . No time for anything but fighting off constant raids and watching city after city get destroyed -LRB- on the easiest difficulty setting I might add -RRB- . I 'll be the first to admit that I 've only played the game for a total of maybe 12 hours in the last 3 days . It really is bad watching a few hours of work get destroyed in 10 minutes though . They really messed up on the Space phase . And it had so much potential ... I 'd say if you plan on getting this game , plan on have a few genuinely fun moments and even more severely disapointing ones . I 'm not one to write reviews , but I had to make a point to write one here to let others know how short this game came to its potential.Added after another attempt at the space phase : I 'm having a little better luck , but I 'm worried that disaster is just around the next star system . I 'm going to keep giving this game a chance for now . I think the problems I have with the space phase are fixable . We will see.I totally agree that this game lacks the depth that many of us were hoping for . If EA invests a fair amount more work into this , it could be a pretty cool game * hint ... EA are you listening ? * . And , that other business with the DRM , yea , that would really help the sales if you did away with it . Please , EA , make this game live up to its potential and give us a finished piece of work next time . You missed the mark ... PS - Good luck to all you that did purchase the game and want to make a go of it despite all the issues . -LRB- If I could , I would change the fun rating to a 2 or 3 stars -RRB-
 DRM on this game made me stop from getting it . I need PC and MAC version but apparently they does n't care about the overall experience , too bad for EA .
 I was looking forward to this game for a year , but based on all the negative DRM reviews I 'm going to have to pass after all . DRM is a deal breaker . I 'm not giving any vendor a license to charge me over and over again for the same product . That 's ludicrous . What ever happened to paying a fair price for a fair service ?
 Ok , I know this game had over a year of hype behind it , and as such needed to take my experience with some disinterest.But even so , the game play has been too dumbed down . 90 % of the creature/machine editing is for cosmetic purposes only , and the gameplay itself is much too simple.I purchased this from Best-Buy before I heard about the Draconian DRM issues , and that annoys me even more .2 stars for game play , reduced to 1 star for DRM .
 I wanted to get this one . But I saw the experience of people with the DRM embedded in this product . Thank you very much to all of them ! They surely saved me a good bunch of bucks thrown in this badly developed product.No way I 'm gon na buy anything having this kind of `` features '' . No way I 'm gon na buy C&C ; : RA3 unless EA strip it of all DRM protections and stuff.I choose to stay free ...
 DRM only impacts legitimate users , pirates will have the DRM cracked in weeks , if it 's not done already.In a Capitalist society we pay what we expect something is worth . If something is not worth what the producer believes it is worth we do not buy it , or - we find it elsewhere cheaper - . Piracy is simply a means of the capitalist market discounting a product 's price . Sure there will always be people who want everything for nothing , but the vast majority of people are more than willing to pay - fair market value - for a product . If Piracy is rampant than the producer is asking too high a price for the quality of the product they produce.It does n't matter what the product is ; from games to music to movies to cheap-Chinese knockoffs of household appliances , if the product is good , people will support it , if it 's not they will find ways to acquire the product at the price they think it is worth.Invasive DRM schemes penalize legitimate buyers for consequences of elementary economics . It makes as much sense as prosecuting people for dropping things because gravity is rampant .
 I bought this game from Amazon . It has n't arrived yet , but when it does I 'm not sure if I 'll even install it because of the DRM issue , specifically the 3 installs limit . I am one of those people who are always upgrading their PCs and I do n't really want to have to go begging EA to allow me to install software I have paid for.EA should be ashamed of themselves . I regret having to give this software 1 star , but if that 's what it takes , then I 'm doing it .
 This is removed from my pre-order list . I refuse to support EA and their Draconian software piracy policies.Same to Valve and Take 2 . I do NOT pirate software , and I will stand to be counted by these companies .
 DRM started this game out badly . I have to call EA for permission to install the game on my computer ?! I had problems installing it on an older computer , so when I finally got a decent one , I had to make phone calls . Its easy enough to get additional permission , but its very inconvenient , and considering I was one of the suckers that bought the game at full price when it was new , I feel screwed!I will not buy any Spore games ever again , and I 'll do my best to avoid EA games as well . Jerks .
 I remember hearing the hype about this game and even wanted to get it once it dropped down in price . Then Yahtzee , of Zero Punctuation fame , did a review of it . That pretty much dampered down any residual excitement . Dont get me wrong I still wanted to play it but wasnt sure that I would n't get buyer 's remorse . The Cell stage wasnt actually too bad if you can get over the serious Computer cheating . Seriously ? A creature surrounded with spikes ?! How am I supposed to get that part that it is carrying ? Keep in mind that you , the player , cant do this as you are limited to how many parts you can stick onto your creature . Actually I take that back a little , you can but your creature will have no eyes , mouth , or way of movement.Then the creature stage . you staple on a few legs , doesnt matter what kind they do the same level of speed and then your creature roams onto land . Of course , in the promo vids you would think that this world would be thriving with roaming creatures for you to befriend or kill . Instead you have this strange world where all the creatures would just hang around their nests with `` Epic '' or `` Rogue '' versions of themselves in the world where if you dont immediately try to befriend them will try and kill you . And they will kill you . The Epic versions I speak of are 10-100x the size of the normal brethren . Also pathfinding in the game is a little screwy . Your creature , if you click on the minimap to make him go there , will take the shortest path there . Even if that path is through an impassable mountain . It will keep walking into it until you manually control him to get him around the mountain.The Tribal stage is laughable you either kill everyone bye selecting your entire village , grabbing some weapons and just zerg rush the victim . Befriending everyone is a little harder but not my much your only change now is that you need to give them a gift , have your entire tribe playing at least 3 different instruments and time your button presses correctly . Presto civilization stage.Now the Civilization stage wasnt too bad , you design your buildings and vehicles with your fliers and ships . However once you get a few resources coming in , you can A. Build a crap load of military vehicles and gank Victim no. 6746 . B. Conquer a military city and start churning out trade vehicles to eventually simply BUY the other city . Or C. Simply convert the other city to your religion . However one caveat is that to get the economic and religious options you have to go with A. Twice . In other to actually get those options you have to conquer the city and hope that it is one of the two . Either that or you have to something other than carnivore . Which would have been nice if the game told you that . But this game for all of its hints and tutorials has a nasty habit of not telling you crap . `` What are those little things in my minimap ? '' The game has no answer other than you can click on the minimap to go there.Once you killed/bought/converted everyone you finally begin the last stage of the game , Space . Now this is where the game comes into its own finally , the controls are great and designing a space ship is intuitive and fun . The missions are also really straightforward and you can find everything just find.Which is what I would say if the game was a great big pile of < $ & -LRB- @ & * & -LRB- % @ !! # % > and fries . Your spaceship will either be a goofy little thing or it will no engines because it is IMPOSSIBLE to place those things on the back facing BACK not UP or DOWN I JUST WANT IT TO FACE BACKWARDS.The Missions given to you will inevitably tell you to go to this star system A , planet B , and scan/kill/capture creature/plant/artifact C or give said C to D. D being some destination or something Again the nasty habit of this game pops up and doesnt TELL you where this system A is at . Or who D is . I was playing through the space stage and I got a mission saying that I was to pick up 3 ancient artifacts and go drop them to Janthon . Who or what Janthon was , was never explained to me . `` Just pick them up and give them to Janthon '' the game cried at me.It was at this point that I rage-quit to the desktop and started up EVE online because EVE was easier to understand and play . And for all of you who know what EVE online is , that is how bad this game is.AND ONE MORE THING
 The possibilities offered by the advertising was not borne out by the product . After playing this game for less than 10 hours , I removed it from my computer and put it on the shelf , never to be touched again . I WISH I could have returned it and gotten my money back .
 I 'd expect to be buying a game , not signing up for cell phone service ... I 'm not leasing an experience from EA , I have classic games old and new that I 'd like to share with my children . I do not support begging publishers for scraps when I 'm supposed to be their client . No thanks EA , try to treat customers like people not pirates .
 Unfortunately one of the most ground breaking games in history has to be saddled with the most onerous virus/rootkit , er I mean DRM.I do n't play games like I used too . I refuse to willingly infect my system with this garbage . I might as well download a copy of `` antivirus XP 2009 '' while I 'm at it . By the way , I was being facetious . Do NOT download `` antivirus XP 2009 '' . This is definitely spyware .
 Simple . EA hates its paying customers . They are nothing but criminals . In turn , we hate EA . Passionately . * insert DRM comment here *
 Unfortunately , the decision to include a DRM method that has been proven to be flawed and cumbersome destroys what might otherwise be a spectacular game . Save your money , and save the frustration .
 DRM with a crazy low 3 activation limit . No way will i buy this product . I am sorry for the people that are looking for a gameplay review , but i just ca n't bare to buy this game . I reinstall games all the time . How about Fallout , Diablo , Hell even buggy games like fable TLC
 Not interested in buying this game now that I 've heard about the install limits and forced internet registration.Go sit on a stick EA !
 Put this game on Steam and I will purchase it , until then EA you can keep your DRM and I will keep my cash .
 Game is ok , but the DRM just makes it to much hazzle . Ive spent three hours trying to get support from EA when the game wouldnt install after I spent almost a week from I purchased the game online untill I could install it.Pity to ruin a game this way .
 I badly want to buy this product but am holding out.EA remove SecureROM and let me create a account for each person who uses the computer this is installed in , and I will buy it.Shockingly , my daughter would love to be able to create her own creatures share share them in her own gallery , but no she would be stuck having to use my account . Or what if I do n't want her to use my account and potentially mess up my saved games and creatures ? Too bad , I 'd have to buy a copy per family member , even having just one computer in the house .
 I have a dedicated PC for games
 Like many of you I have long read the hype related to Spore . After `` Black & White '' and many other of these `` alternate '' games sucking , I was n't getting sucked in ... And sure enough , another over-hyped stinker.Spore is a game which tries to be several games all rolled into one . The problem ? It does n't do any of them well . Sure , the creature creator is cool , but that is not gameplay!The first section of the game -LRB- cell stage -RRB- is very pretty , though it is extremely short and all you are really doing is going around a collecting dots ... Again , it is pretty , but why not just go play flOw , Pac-man or any of the many free flash games like this ? 2nd sec . -LRB- land stage -RRB-
 I wrote EA off several years ago during the -LRB- lack of -RRB- Widescreen Debacle and their in-game adware b.s.They 've gone from bad to worse with this DRM policy that punishes the consumer . F - 'em .
 I was planning on purchasing this game , but good thing I read about the horrid DRM EA has chosen to use . You can only install the game on 3 computers ever and then it wo n't let you do it again !!! This is ridiculous ! I own 2 computers myself , and plan on replacing them in the near future . That means I wo n't be able to install the game on one of my new computers ! After a quick look online I saw that the game had already been uploaded onto the file sharing sites . A lot of good that DRM did ... Nothing like punishing the people who actually want to pay you for your game !
 My wife as well is a huge lover of the SIMS , including Sims2.We 've spent hundreds almost thousands I guess on Maxis games . Microsoft gets away with limited installs because of their near monopoly , but its getting old with them too . Wise up . Even a `` dongle '' solution is better than this .
 As many people have noted , this game is really only available for rent . If EA decides to stop giving you extra installs or goes out of business , this game will no longer function . Please be aware of that if you 're considering purchasing this game.As for the people commenting about how the `` Anti-DRM '' reviews are not legitimate , think of it this way
 I have been excited about this game since I first heard about it a few years ago . This is exactly that type game that needs to be made . Unfortunately , after I purchased the game at Wal-Mart I saw that it had DRM installed on it . I ended up returning the game unopened . I have had too many titles with DRM not run on my computer I am not going to take that chance again . Hopefully game manufactures will eventually figure out a way to make money on the game without having to have access to my computer .
 Until these forms of DRM that treat legitimate , paying customers as criminals are removed there 's no chance of getting a positive experience out of games like Spore . There is a lot to like here , but the experience is more shallow and broad than deep . It is worth playing when the DRM is removed .
 After reading about the invasive and ridiculous DRM on this game , I have decided not to buy it . 3 installs -- EA , what were you thinking ?? Putting DRM on anything -LRB- games , movies , music , etc -RRB- is flogging a dead horse and hoping money will come out of it . Customers are increasingly tech-savvy and tech-savvy people increasingly deplore DRM because of its crippling effect on what otherwise may be a good product . All one should need to play a game is the game itself -LRB- on a disk or as a download -RRB- and a computer . No activation servers , no install counters , no rootkits that surreptitiously run in the background monitoring your usage .
 I am very disappointed with this game after all the years of hype . The game play is not innovative or anything new . Plus the DRM means that you only own this game temporarily so its way overpriced .
 The game is fun , for what it is . The actual gameplay is somewhat limited , but the creator engines are very fun if you 're into that . I 've been having a blast making different creatures . I know that my mom and others in my family would probably love this game.Unfortunately , I would not recommend this game to any friend or family . The game is limited to just 3 lifetime activations , and uses a draconian DRM policy to enforce EA 's `` rights '' . I probably would have bought several copies as christmas presents , but not with the current price/policy . Eventually the price will come down - and maybe $ 10 for 3 activations is worth it . However , unless EA changes their policy or the price , I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this . . and due to install issues I was finally out of active installs . Now i 've spent $ 50 and i 've got no game . Thanks a lot EA !
 Whilst i would like to purchase this game to play during down time from MMORPGs the DRM issue is one that will make my shy away from purchasing the game.I would like to add I currently have two copies of Warhammer Age of Reckoning currently on pre-order from Amazon if they come with DRM protection they will be returned with a request for a refund.Given that reports indicate the DRM protection for Spore has already been cracked it seems ludicrous that the law abiding citizens who purchase the game are the ones who are made to feel like criminals and pay for the privilege too.I did think EA were getting better as a game company , but now I 'm not so sure .
 First and foremost , EA have successfully crippled this game with draconian DRM . It was cracked within a day and hence does n't affect the pirates , but if you buy it then you 'll have malware called SecuROM forced upon you along with limited activations and other such garbage.Once we get to the game itself , it could have been excellent , but instead it 's very dumbed down . It 's basically 5 basic mini-games stuck together , each quite different from the others . Plus most of the design decisions you make in the game are useless . It 's just the statistics of bits which matter , not how many of those bits you have , how they look or anything like that.If it had no DRM , it may be worth trying out , but with the DRM this is one to avoid .
 I was so excited about this game - then I read the details!There is no way in the world that I am paying for a game that wo n't last long enough for me to play it properly!I have needed to re-install Windows twice so far in the last two weeks -LRB- we all know that this happens sometimes ! -RRB- and even Microsoft recommend that for best performance Windows should be re-installed regularly .
 There 's an undeniable charm to creating creatures and taking them through to the end ... the first few times . Unfortunately due to the simplistic nature of the 4 stages of growth , there 's very little actual gameplay here . Good for a few days of entertainment , but the lack of depth , challenge , and variety causes boredom to set in quickly .
 Bought this game on day of release , the installation code was accepted during install , but flagged as invalid when registering on internet , so I can only play it offline . A complete Joke !! Further reading on the DRM setup where i can only install the game 3 times before having to ask EA for permission is ridiculous . I rebuild my PC a few times a year to clear out any garbage .
 When are companies such as EA going to get a clue ??? Do n't they realize that all DRM -LRB- especially totalitarian DRM such as SecuROM * should be SecuR4PE * -RRB- does is punish the people who actually paid for the game ... Jeez , I could just get on *** Torrent and download a copy that I would n't ever have to activate , and I would n't have to pay for it ! Maybe we should all just do that ... Then maybe someone sitting in a comfy leather chair in front of a luxurious mahogany desk will get a clue ... * end rant *
 I already beat The last stage on one of the planets , and this game is amazing , except , some parts in the creature stage are repetitious , In all The game gets 4 stars and im going to have to refer to the flash mob here , and say DRM is the reason for 1 star .
 The first part of the game was a blast
 As soon as it starts to install , you are attacked by DRM . Ruins the game . Sure you can refuse to create an account with EA , so not 100 % terrible , and the game is pretty fun , but DRM makes any game worse than it is .
 The DRM in Spore lets you install the game AS MANY TIMES AS YOU WANT on the same system , up to a MAX OF 3 SYSTEMS . The DRM is still buckwaas -LRB- look it up , its Punjabi -RRB- because it 's yet another legal virus that run in the background without ever asking for your approval . On a closing note , let your lil bro/sis work through the first 3 worlds . Then in space age , conquer other cities by depriving hem of economic resources , only to throw religious propaganda -LRB- not propa-ganja -RRB- at a later time . Does it sound familiar to anyone out there in the middle east ?
 Honestly , this game was the most fun I have had with a game in a long time . Once I learned of the Draconian DRM on this game I was sad that I even installed this game allowing EA to install secuROM which is effectively a root-kit on to my machine ... I will NEVER EVER buy another EA game .
 When Spore was announced a few years back I was eager to get my hands on what appeared to be an innovative title . However , upon release I have discovered that Spore utilizes , what can only be called , draconian digital rights management technology.Essentially you spend $ 50-80 dollars for this game depending on what version you have and you do n't actually own the product . You are only allowed to install the product on up to three different computers -LRB- whenever you upgrade -RRB- and after that , like Windows you lose your right to use the product on a fourth system . The same can happen if you upgrade your existing PC with certain new hardware.What this essentially mean is that eventually when you go to install the game , a time will come when it simply will not work . Now you might have the option to go and try to call tech support for some help but you can never be to sure if support for this game will still be available in the future.I personally have been burned by copy protection in the past . Games that no longer install , movies that do not play because the server in which is needed to activate the DRM function is no longer available , etc.PC piracy is bad but it only hurts them more when legit customers stop buying PC games because they are tired of being told how they can use their product and that they need to have an internet connection even when the game is single player only . I personally will not support companies like EA when such DRM is used and if you care about your consumer rights then you should n't either . PC gamers did n't kill PC gaming , PC game companies did along with companies like NVIDIA which charges and arm and a leg for a video car that is nearly obsolete in 6 months when the new batches of games come out . We still ca n't get a graphics card that plays Crysis good yet .
 Man I bought this game and was so ready to go to town and take off of work . Only to find out it is ruined by DRM . Well EA , now i am selling this on craig 's list and looking to get a nice clean pirated broken copy . You guys make me sick . Cutting edge turns corporate . You think you 're Sony or something .
 New video game restrictions on install limit.Often I upgrade my computer and every year or so I like to either reformat or get a new hard drive . Does this mean that if events go bad and I have to reformat or upgrade more often than usual -LRB- which happens , freak viruses bugs ect -RRB- I 'll have to rebuy the game ? ... why ? I payed for it I should be able to play it whenever I want for the rest of my life.Not only that I 've seen on the newer videocards Spore crashes about every 30 minutes -LRB- in space age -RRB- with no auto save or quick save options . DRM has ruined the potential reuse lifetime of my electronic products .
 They need to learn a lesson , Drm = Taking your rights away
 DRM by SecuROM . SecuROM is a product of Sony DADC -- the same Sony that had to reach a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission last year over the rootkit installed by their noxious DRM .
 The three-install limit makes an already mediocre game absolutely terrible . The main redeeming value is the online play , which one would think would make it easy to assign a single username/profile tag for a unique purchase . This type of DRM -LRB- like WOW -RRB- I 'd be fine with . However , limiting the number of physical installations is unconscionable . I bought the $ 80 Galactic Edition and wanted to return the game before installing after learning of the lame DRM , but got stuck with it , so went ahead and tried it out . DRM aside , the gameplay is very unsatisfying . Should never have bought Sp -LRB- b -RRB- ore in the first place .
 I was really looking forward to playing Spore as it looks like a really innovative game . Unfortunately , due to the draconian DRM , I wo n't risk losing the ability to play a game I purchased if I upgrade my computer or have to reinstall the operating system , nor do I want to have the DRM software running continuously in the background degrading performance and stability . I 'm sad not to be able to experience Spore but the DRM gives me no choice .
 Many people here posted 1-star reviews due to the DRM in Spore . Now , many people are posting positive reviews because they seem to enjoy the game . Guess what ? The positive review people DO NOT UNDERSTAND what they 're saying . People are posting positive reviews because they do not understand the nature of DRM . They do n't notice the problems now , but they will - because DRM can shut down your ability to play the game you bought . Anyone who gives Spore a positive review simply does n't understand the horrible problems that come with any game which contains DRM.The 5-star reviews are all written by people who do not understand how computers work , or what DRM does deep-down within your computer . In short , these people are ignorant . Do n't be ignorant . Do n't buy this game . You WILL regret buying Spore .
 You pay pay good money to own the game , but your really only renting . Not worth the `` buy ''
 This game ca n't be installed unless you let it install a rootkit which phones home to EA periodically . This information probably includes private data from your harddrive.Once you buy the game , no stores will take it back either . Even though you ca n't install it .
 This game was over-hyped to actual gamers but then they made it way too easy so people who play the Sims would be able to handle it . It is so easy that it is not fun . It is more of a simulation than a game . The different stages of this game have some similarities to various video game genres but each stage is like its own terrible game . The stages are n't even glued together very well either . On top of all that even after spending $ 50 you do n't really own the game because of the DRM . You only get 3 installs and if you run out and call them they will think you are a pirate . Also EA has terrible customer support as usual . Do not buy this game .
 I wanted to play catch.This was n't just going to be a normal game of catch.This was going to be an incredibly innovative game of catch , where I crafted the ball myself , and when I finally was able to throw the ball , it would changed based on how I crafted it . Then , catch would adapt to how I threw the ball in the first place . Then it would share my ball with everyone else who was playing their own version of catch.Then I found out that I could only play catch in my back yard , and if I wanted to play with anyone else , they would have to sit on my shoulders.DRM does n't work . DRM promotes piracy .
 EA ! I want to buy this game , i 've played it and it looks cool , but I ca n't buy it with the DRM , sorry .
 Even without the DRM concerns , the game is just not fun . Most positive reviews site the cellular stage , and the space stage as the best . I could n't force myself to get to the space stage , but the cellular stage is unbelievably boring . You could , after a long enough time , finish this stage by closing your eyes and clicking your mouse in random circles around the screen . Eventually you would eat enough smaller cells or bits of cell-flesh to continue on to land . I did this stage on both difficult and normal and they 're the same . You die more in difficult , but it does n't matter , you just start up right where you left off over and over again.Once you get up onto land -LRB- the creature stage -RRB- , the fun continues . Continues to avoid being part of this game that is . You basically have to deal with other groups of creatures by either making friends with them or biting them into extinction . Making friends entails participating in a simplistic version of Simon , sans the fun flashing lights . Wiping them out is accomplished by selecting a creature and then mashing your four attack buttons until either you or the other creature are dead . There do n't seem to be an tactics to the fight . If the fight is going poorly , There are no stuns or roots or anything to give you a chance to get away , you just wait till you die and then maybe choose a smaller , cuddlier group of creatures to pick on.Even the `` evolution '' part of the creature stage is a joke . It 's all about getting your stats where you need them to be , by adding parts to your creature . You do n't develop these parts by using them more or relying on any kind of natural selection , you just buy them using the `` DNA Dollars '' you earned for killing other creatures -LRB- or befriending them -RRB- . But keep in mind , the parts that have the best stats are n't necessarily going to fit with the creature you had in mind . That cool looking shark-man you were making may have to have antlers if you want to get his `` charge '' ability up to par.The tribal stage is where I bailed -LRB- on both normal and difficult -RRB- . It 's all the excitement of the creature stage with some resource gathering thrown in for good measure.Creating creatures and vehicles outside of the actual game can be fun . My four year old son loves it , and there really are an amazing amount of different combinations . It 's even possible to create aliens and creatures from your favorite movies -LRB- I saw a great recreation of Yoda on one persons account -RRB- . In summary download the stand-alone creature creator , but avoid the game .
 If you buy this gamne you will only be able to install it 3 times . If you wish to install it a 4th time , you will need to call up EA and beg them that you are not a criminal or pirate and if they feel like it , they will allow you to install . This is the biggest insult to any legitimate gamer I have seen yet from EA or any company . I waited three years for this game , and would like to play it , but I refuse to support this ridiculous attitude to fair usage , so I will pass thanks EA . Why would anyone pay to be inconvenienced when they could download the game illegally and not be hit by all this nonsense ? What should have been a bright highlight for PC gamers has now turned into another nail in the coffin for the medium . Hopefully this DRM fiasco will affect their sales . Poor Will Wright , being saddled with EA as a publisher ...
 SecuROM DRM is crippling and does not uninstall with the game . The game itself is fun supposedly , if lacking . I had a terrible time installing , and also sharing the game with my brother is not possible , since EA has decided that you need to purchase a second copy of the game for that . In retrospect it would have probably been easier to wait until someone cracks the DRM and play the hacked version instead . Way to ruin a good thing EA , thanks for all the hype , if I can get it to run without SecuROM crashing my computer , I 'll be happy to give it more `` fun '' stars . .
 Wow ! Before I read these reviews I 'd never even heard of DRM . I had a funny feeling about Spore which is why I waited to purchase it . Thank heavens for women 's intuition ! I 'll save my money for the game I really want which is Sims 3 . I 'm really hoping EA does n't make the same mistake with the next Sims release . Just to be safe though , I 'll probably wait until after reviews for Sims 3 before I buy .
 For those of us with multiple people in the family a single user DRM restricted game is a no go . I strongly suggest ALL amazon users not to purchase the game and give it poor reviews to send a message that we are not criminals !
 I was really , really looking forward to this game since I saw the first video showing the concept . Now that it 's arrived , I 'm just disappointed and wo n't purchase it.Why ? Customers who choose to pay for Spore receive an inferior experience to those who just steal the product . I do n't want an internet server that will go offline in a few years disabling a game I purchase . If I pay for the game , just treat me right and let me play . I long for the lost days of Borland 's `` No Nonsense '' license agreements.Second , I own a Mac and would like to run a native application . Crossover -LRB- or whatever windows emulator they 're using -RRB- is n't acceptable . Every other game I 've purchased that was n't a native port either crashes , lags horribly , or has random graphics glitches that show that no attention was paid to it . Blizzard gives me native apps and gets my money because they show they care.Without a native app and with the draconian DRM I will just skip this title . I might check it out when it arrives on a console instead .
 EA has ruined a great game by it 's greed . The DRM on it would be kindly described as draconian . If the install limit was not bad enough they limit the number of accounts you can have per product . I enjoyed the game , but can not in good conscience recommend it to any other buyers unless EA ever decides to remove or opt for a less restrictive DRM . It is unfortunate that the best option for people who want to experience this game and do n't want the worst sort of DRM shoved down their throat is to pirate it . Hopefully someday EA will learn that people do n't have to put up with being treated like criminals if they become criminals , but until then they are their own worst enemy 1/5
 How worse can a game get?a 3d model tool kit that is made into a series of mini-games . Fancy but does n't give any new exciting experience at all!Would want my money back.Don ' t buy . Save your good money for good worthy games .
 What a dull and uninspiring game . From the total lack of any impact from `` evolution '' , which I had thought was the point of the game , to it 's banal game play -LRB- 3D PacMan anyone ? -RRB- , this game is so disappointing . The abilities of the creature you create have nothing to do with its evolutionary path , but rather on stats . So that means a 9 foot tall behemoth could be no stronger than some wispy bird-like thing as long as their `` stats '' match . How ridiculous is that?I question the gaming experience of people who somehow have fun with Spore . I truly do.Couple that with a ridiculous DRM , the game is nothing more than a mindless past time when you are bored of playing something more challenging like , oh , I do n't know ... Spider Solitaire.Save your money . If you want to take a look for yourself , there are ... um ... ways to get this game without plunking down money . Think of it as a trial period . If you do find some value , then by all means , waste -LRB- er , I mean , spend -RRB- your money . But I really recommend you play it first before buying.The 2 stars is for its basic game play , one star got removed for the DRM -LRB- of course -RRB-
 I love Maxis . I think they went into this intending to do their best . This is the company that created such titles as The Sims and SimCity , legendary titles that without exageration can be said to have completely changed the world of gaming.I suppose when it began , Spore was a good concept . It could have been a Sims or a SimCity . But sadly , it is not . In fact it is not even as good as Black and White , a similarly hyped game released about 8 years ago that was also supposed to `` change the world '' but has gone down in history as an extreme dissapointment.Before I rag on the game , I do want to mention the one thing Spore does well -- the creature editor . The editor , from a technical standpoint , is unparallelled , and hopefully a sign of things to come for the gaming industry . However , as others have mentioned , the editor is a tacked on feature with no relevance to the most of the game -LRB- or , more accurately . you could say the game is tacked onto the editor -RRB- . Now we get to the gameplay . And it becomes sadly obvious that this game is a bust for anyone but a small child . This `` revolutionary '' game , as some have called it , is divided into `` levels , '' kind of like things were in the early days of Nintendo . On each level you get points . When you get enough points you go to the next level . What you do during the level has virtually no effect on future levels.In short the game is pointless . Not pointless like some people call The Sims pointless -- The Sims is a game which despite the open ended gameplay element is very rewarding on a story-telling level . Spore , in contrast , is pointless like a mega-game CD that forces you to play Asteroids , Pac-Man , and Mario Bros , in that order , every time . Except that even that is misleading , because all those games were novel in their own time , where nothing in Spore 's gameplay comes within a galaxy of novel . Below I will analyze each element of the levels : -- The Cell Level . The most fun for me , but very short . As others have noted , it feels much like a free Flash game with updated graphics . -- The Creature Level . It 's been a long time since I slogged through something this dull . I ca n't think of anything to compare it to -- maybe something in the early days of Nintendo . You run around a mostly flat piece of land pressing red or green buttons . The red buttons damage things and the green ones charm them . You have 4 of each type of button -- the 4 green ones all do the same thing with a very slightly different graphic . Your creature looks sort of cool and is the only thing that really held my attention . -- The Tribal Level . This is Warcraft circa 1989 , only in many ways worse . You can kind of halfway control the way your characters look . Even games released 15 years ago would be skewered if they featured such empty gameplay . -- The Civilization Level . A clone of the far superior Civilization series . Again you can control the graphics , sort of , but that hardly makes up for the gameplay . If you want to play something like this , check out Civilization IV or Age of Empires before calling this `` revolutionary . '' -- The Space Level . Reminds me somewhat of Herzog Zwei for the Sega Genesis , or StarFox on the Super NES , both released in the early 90 's . You fly a spaceship around and get shot at.Last of course is the DRM . I will save you my sob story about how it took me 12 days to install this game . Needless to say , I did not know about the DRM when I bought this , or I would not have purchased it . I have had so many bad experiences with SecureROM that as a matter of practice I avoid any game I know to contain it . The pressence of DRM knocks would know this review from 2 stars to zero , but I will have to settle for 1 . Final Analysis
 I was going to buy this game but refuse to support any game or product with this sort of DRM
 I was interested in this game but since it has DRM I will not buy this game ever , and I recommend others not do buy it .
 When I preordered this game months ago , I was aware that game publishers used really annoying DRM schemes , but upon receiving the game , I was shocked at the effort EA made to render Spore unplayable . Had I known , I would n't have bought it to begin with . I 'll chalk this one up to a hard lesson learned . What happened to Maxis ? Remember the good old days when they just made fun toys with great extras ? A Maxis game was worth buying just for the user manual and the box .
 Unfortunately , Amazon will not allow me to cancel this order so it will need to be a return later . Aggressive DRM should not be tolerated and the best way to make an active stance is to cancel existing orders and let the community know why .
 I was going to buy the game today , but got too busy and decided to get it tomorrow . After seeing trailers and reading about the game , I was pretty excited . But then I read the reviews here and saved myself the 50 bucks . 80 actually , as I was going to buy the Galactic Edition . DRM programs being put on my computer is unacceptable . There are already enough useless programs trying to clog up my computer and browser with cookies and background services and start-up entries and bloatware for me to sign up for another one , especially one that feels free to mess around with not just the program I buy but others it suspects might be objectionable too . I do n't need another parasite on my computer or in my life.Sorry , EA , you messed up . Like Bioshock , Spore is a game I really wanted to play a lot , but wo n't because of DRM . I could n't do it not just because of the way it will invade my privacy and limit my use of the game , but because in good conscience I ca n't support a company attempting to do that to others either . I will seriously consider whether I want to buy any EA games at all until they knock this off , just as I avoided Sony when they tried the same thing EA is trying to pull.By the way I have never pirated a game and never will . I 'm just an ordinary guy who wishes companies were less draconian and would mind their own business .
 I came to Amazon today to buy this game , but after reading about the DRM issues I 've decided not to give EA any money . I do not support companies with such anti-consumer policies -LRB- e.g. Sony -RRB- , and I boycott them.Warning other people -LSB- here -RSB- about EA 's DRM is good , but complaining directly to EA 's management is better . I called them and said , `` I was going to buy Spore today , but instead I 've decided to boycott your company 's products for the foreseeable future because of your aggressive DRM practices '' . I recommend that you do the same . To find their phone number
 A short while ago I purchased BioShock , a program that uses the same DRM software as this product . When I first got BioShock I was super excited because it was the first PC game I could afford in quite a while . I installed the game and quickly found out that my graphics card was not up to par . SO , being the guy I am , I went out and got a new graphics card . Not much , I think it was on sale for $ 50 . Well , I got the new graphics card installed and updated all my drivers just so I could be sure the game would be good to go . When I launched the game for a second time BioShock decided that I needed to reactivate the game . So , in just getting the game installed and running for the first time I used 2 of the 3 activations.I was so paranoid that my computer would crash or that the game would be reactivated I did n't turn my computer off or restart for a week . The game sounds great but sadly I will just have to wait until this game goes to the discount rack .
 This is a great game.Unfortionately , the insane DRM laws make it almost impossible for someone who with more than 1 PC , or who upgrades their PC more than once in their lifetime to play this game long term.I still play games like the The Sims -LRB- 1 -RRB- , with all of its expansions . Why ? Because it 's a quality game . Now , I 'm already regretting my purchase , because I enjoy the game , and that means that at some point , I 'm going to have to fork over 50 dollars more if I want to continue playing .
 I 'll give the game 2 stars because it 's really a 4 star gameplay experience but the DRM makes it a 0 star for me so I 'll average that out to 2 . I have NO problem with online registration , seriously , I think that 's where things are going . But limiting to 3 installations is terrible . Personally I have a Mac , a Macbook and a high end gaming PC . I use them all about equally and would like to be able to use them all to play the game . But if I ever have to re-install any of them I 'd need to call EA and that 's not OK with me . I would say the DVD should need to be present at installation and my CD key along with online registration should be WELL MORE than enough to guarantee that I did buy the game.It 's crap about the DRM like this that 's making me leave PC gaming altogether . I 'll take the 360 games any day over stuff like this -LRB- that and the way another EA game , Battlefront 2142 , kept booting me telling me I their cheat detector had reason to suspect I was running cheat software , which ended up being called `` Vista '' they just were n't prepared for it -RRB- . Too bad too this could have really been an enjoyable experience I wish they would stop hurting people who legitimately buy games just to -LRB- not -RRB- stop people who are GOING TO FIND A WAY TO STEAL THE GAME ANYWAY !!! It 's exactly like buying Barbi toys for my daughter and spending an hour trying to get it out of the packaging because of all the anti-theft packaging . At some point it makes more sense to just take the hit of some theft to avoid ruining the product for the people you should really be caring about
 I sent my computer for repairs and now I can not install !!! What make a company think they can sell me a product with limited use?I want my money back .
 With consoles you can buy a game and bring it over to a friends house and put it in their xbox and play with them . Apparently EA thinks there just lending us this game for a while . We cant play it at our friends . We ca n't install it on another machine . And when you buy another computer your just going to lose it and those discs are going to be good for nothing but flimsy frisbees .
 You would think they would know that DRM ruins the game experience but not in this case .1 Star .
 Could probably be a decent game , if it was n't crippled with draconian drm . Do n't buy games that are crippled , giving money to companies that want to take away your rights only ends up hurting you in the long run .
 I was going to buy this game yesterday , but I read about the DRM and decided to wait . I 'd love to give this game a shot but I really do n't want to spend $ 50 on something I do n't own . I might as well pirate the game , then I actually own the copy and do n't have to worry about being treated like a pirate . Well done EA .
 Interesting game , but not one I am willing to rent for the price EA wants me to . I can only install it 3 times on my PC , after which EA has the right to make me repurchase the game for any future installs.By buying the game you are only temporarily renting it and have no ability to own it and use it at you want to . The worst thing about it is no one even tells you there is a limit and all this is being done under the radar by EA 's internet servers.No to Spore for me precisely because of DRM .
 What ? Spore is out ? I want that game!Oh , wait . It 's heavily laden with DRM ? DRM that will adversely affect my gaming experience ? DRM that treats the consumer like a criminal?I 'll wait until they drop the DRM , THEN I 'll buy it .
 This is the second time a producer has ruined a game with ridiculious DRM . Note I have bioshock the first game with this problem and I have installed it 3 times now and it will forever be stuck on my computer taking up large amounts of space because I ca n't bring myself to remove it and risk not being able to re-install it and wasting $ 50
 go right now at look at past videos of spore in development . the game looks amazing right ? Looks like the best game ever.well something happened from then to now , cause the game looks , feels , and plays like none of those videos.the game plays like a demo , its very unfinished.Do not buy this game
 The Digital Rights Management to ` protect ' this game is pointless . It punishes honest users purchasing the game by limiting the number of times it can be reinstalled , yet the protection is already cracked and dishonest people are playing the game with no restrictions , for free . DRM only hurts the people who play fair , not the criminals it was meant to stop . I 'll buy this game when EA decides to treat their paying customers fairly , how am I supposed to play this without the internet ??
 When I buy a hammer , I 'm not bound by contract over how many nails I can hit with it , or how many projects I can use it on , or who I can sell it to when I no longer have a use for it.Why should a game like this be any different ? What happens when EA goes out of business - do all the games cease to function?EA really screwed up with this one.For DRM to be used AT ALL , we need a law that states that the DRM method & keys should be held in gov ' t escrow - so that if the company fails , or breaches it 's own EULA , customers have access to the software they paid for .
 I can not believe in this day and age companies have not figured out that DRM only hurts them with little to no help . I can not endorse a product that uses draconian methods of DRM .
 Horrible DRM . Only three installs , no uninstall credit . Up grade your computer a couple of times and your SOL . They are only punishing the honest person .
 So I purchased this game b/c I like the developers vision . Spore is not a good vision . This game is ruined by the Copy Protection ... huh ! You can only install this game 3 times ! I never pirate games and I am being punished . All of my PC games in my Library have been installed way more then 3 times . I will never buy EB again .
 It 's obvious that pirates can get games to work and crack just about any copy protection you throw at them . So it 's equally obvious that nasty DRM schemes which cause you to keep checking in with a server to see if your legally purchased copy is still `` ok '' , is just a way to anger the legitimately paying customers . I wonder how much the licensing and extra servers for this activation process cost EA , and I wonder how many paying customers they are losing because of the activation . Would it equal the amount they lose to piracy ??
 But it failed me.Ok lets first get the DRM Bashing out of the way!Technically the game is installed with the DRM so i think DRM can be considered part of the game.DRM , It gains admin rights to ur computer without ur knowledge , i think that is by its definition is spyware , i wont really say much on drm there are smarter more well informed people out there that know more than me.Comes with 3 installs , CANT use it on multiple computers with multiple accounts even though the manual says it can EA has said `` Misprint '' which really ticks a lot of people off.If you alter you ' r computer in any way , say Hard drive crash , got ta reinstall , thats one install used up for it , Couple new upgrades to ur computer ? another install , Reformat the computer ? Well regular tech savy people usually do that as good practice to get rid of spyware -LRB- There probably is even if the software you got says you dont have any -RRB- get rid of old data left by uninstalled games/apps , just to clear up the registry and all that good stuff that just used ur final 3rd key and After you use 3 installs you have to call EA and `` BEG '' them to give you another serial because at this point you ARE NOT A CUSTOMER YOU ARE A PIRATE for using all of you ' r 3 installs . So they will probably say NO ! and tell you to go buy the game and quit being a pirate or the most least likely outcome they give you one BUT come on , the TOLL NUMBER IS NOT FREE like microsoft 's XP registration number , so you can pretty much end up being paid 40-70 dollars on this phone call to prove you are not a pirate , in the end its just better to buy a new spore at that point just to play the game you `` BOUGHT '' sounds more like a `` RENTAL '' than anything else to me.I hate the DRM , i am not going to buy this game because of it , though a friend of mine letme go over to his house and letme play his spore , and sad to say even if this didnt have the DRM , i still wouldnt buy this game , it is not a good game.First stage , is entertaining at first , on an overworld camer view you see and control ur dude , you control a small little microscopic creature and eat meat or plant microbs while dodging predators and getting parts , you can attack with upgrades done using the creature creator that pops up when you advance ur creature the way you want.Second stage , you switch a 3rd person camera angle , ALSO i should note that if you DIE on this stage you just get reborn at ur nest and allowed to go about ur business to do whatever , THERE IS NO PENALTY if u die , which is good and bad , for one its good cause if they had put it in they would mostly likely tell you GAME OVER and u have to start the entire first stage again , on the bad ur not motivated to keep urself from dieing , i went too far from my nest ... how do i get back ? oh ill just get myself killed no biggie ill just spawn there . You gain feet and land on land , This part is exceedingly boring and repetitive to no end . This is what you do , You make allies by mimicing what the other creatures you meet and make them like you , however they have stats like charm level 1-5 so if you want to befriend alot of creatures ur gon na have to pimp ur creature out with all those pose , charms , dance , sing and mimic using those to the creature you are trying to befriend , even if u get it all right if u dont have the right level they wont be friends which is annoying , the other way , KILL which is quite entertaining the first 3 ? times , the only thing you have to worry about is the other guys attacks , Bite , strike , charge , poison . Overall its easier to just kill them all though monotonise and boring since u keep doing it over and over and over until finally this stage is done , thank god.Third stage , Tribal Stage . This one doesnt get any better , though you do get a better camera angle -LRB- overworld camer view -RRB- for the most part without the 3rd person view up till now . You also have limited things to do at this stage , essentially the same as the 2nd stage with minor differences . Buildings you unlock more as the more tribes u destroy/befriend . You gain food resources you have to manage food resources , just get a couple minions to start fishing and that takes care of all the food , never even have to click on them again unless you need them to become fighters but other than that . You can `` Tame '' the lesser creatures by taking them back to ur village , they lay eggs and you eat them for food , thats it for the lesser creatures , would be nice if you could ride them for combat or ANYTHING more to them but no , just no . You need intruments to entertain ur would be allies so they become allies , even though you probably have 2 arms on ur creatures they can only carry one item , yeah ONE ITEM ONLY , even though my creature had 4 arms total it only used one to carry one of them . In the end its just the same as the rest as being the best tactic is to just kill them all with a spear that you make and equip them with and attack them all and kill them all , and you know I wonder what happened to the allies i made in the previous stage ? they all seemed to have disappeared did u just decide to ignore the previous allies ???? Fourth stage , Civilization stage . Same camera angle as the 3rd stage . This one you start to really see how bad this game is . The cool part is that You can make Buildings , Houses , Factorys , Entertainment with ur own spin on them HOWEVER nothing u do to the building really adds production or anything , just a dressed up house . Land vehicles , Sea vehicles and eventually air vehicles the land and sea vehicles are better than the rest of the creator aspects as what you do add , like Thrusters for speed ADDS ACTUAL speed to the vehicle and HEALTH and RELIGIOS/MILITARY/ECONOMIC power to for the prespective device you add on . It would be nice to be able to fully customize ur cities by having one with a different style with different types of buildings varying greatly HOWEVER , if you do change any building EVERY SINGLE building will change to become that one in EVERY CITY you own . So you cant do a cool theme here in one city and one there in another city . And again what happened to the tribal allies i made in the previous stage ? they just went and left me all alone on my journey , i thought we were friends man , what happened to us ?? : PFinal Stage , SPACE The FINAL FRONTIER ! A different camer angle you say ? WHAT ? 3rd Person view of ur spaceship ? Man it feels like i kinda got demoted from being the # 1 king of my species to some peon given a ship and pushed out into the universe , `` You havent been that good of a leader so were are getting rid of you , Good Luck out there buddy '' `` thank god i am not that guy HAHAHAHA '' . This one i was looking forward to the MOST in the entire game , on a note when you scale back you see the entire GALAXY waiting to be explored/conqured which is like the coolest thing in the entire game when you FIRST do However late on in the game after you figure out there really isnt much freedom to do what you thought u could do you just see the entire universe not as a playground but as a cubicle to do work . Now this stage is VERY buggy and just makes you see how badly they can go on a space colization sim . You get one spaceship , YES Count all the number of spaceships you can make , ONE !! later on you can gain ability to control more than one spaceship but it wont be from ur people itll have to be an ally since you cant build anymore , I gained in rank to allow another ship to be under me but i couldnt make another one at my homeplanet or one of my other colonies . Not like the real good space colonization games where you can manage 100 + spaceships out in space and micromanage them , which is part of the fun in there . The other civilizations and other races DO NOT HAVE THIS LIMIT on them PERIOD . So you are always at a disadvantage , in being only one ship against all of theirs . HOWEVER there is never any motivation to keep urself from getting killed just like before on all the levels with the 3rd person view -LRB- i never died on the tribal or civilization so i dunno if u do get punished or not on those , ill try it out sometime for fun -RRB- , if u die you go back to ur home planet with a new ship without any penalty what so ever . At one point i got bored and decided to destroy all my colonies on my home planet , After i killed them all a minute passed probably less , `` NEW COLONY FOUNDED on this planet '' and even then i couldnt control anything at that `` NEW '' colony that keeps popping up on my home planet . And what the heck happened to the allies i made in the 2nd stage ? the 3rd stage ? and finally the 4th stage ? Why did i ever bother making allies in the first place if in the grand scheme of things they DONT DO ANYTHING for me down the road ? Well sure they only effect how my species does , if i kill everone im an aggressor type , if i friend everyone im a passive , and then there is the balance class , but seriously thats the ONLY reason , i would like motivation to bother with making allies in the earlier levels instead of killing them so it doesnt look like ALWAYS being an aggressor is always the best solution to the game . Oh and i have to mention that you get hit with plenty of pirate raiders on ur planets , so while ur off doing some mission you get hit with a disstress call from them asking for help so you have to do the lowly task as defender all the time at ur planets , God that GETS REALLY ANNOYING . Why am i the creator of this species stuck with this lowly task that a lower person of my species could do this like a peon or something ?? So in the end you will end up mostly defending ur planets from pirates , going to ur planets for spice since thats how u make money now , you get spice thats mined from ur planets by orbiting them again another peon could do this i dont want to be stuck doing these menial tasks.In the end , if you LOVE creating things and seeing other people 's creations then get this if you love that type of game u will have a lot of fun with that aspect of the game , just dont expect any real gameplay other than that and you will be in heaven.If you dont really like creating things or care about seeing other people 's creations then dont get this game that is pretty much the entire `` Meat '' of the game is at , creation and Sharing . Everything else is just plain bad . On second thought just buy the creature creator you will save urself alot of money than on this hunk of junk .
 You know you ca n't even return games anymore if they suck or are defective . So I just downloaded it to avoid all the DRM issues people are having . Even though it was free for me , it still sucked so I just uninstalled it . The game is pretty boring to a hardcore gamer like myself . Simulation and AI engines are weak . I think EA released this game before it was done to help with their financial issues . I bet this will end up like The Sims , where you need to buy hundreds of dollars in expansions to make the game more fun and playable . Save your money and do n't believe the hype !
 The DRM scheme only allows three installs . I have had to reinstall Sims2 more than 6 times on my computer . This makes the game effectively a rental . With reports of securerom disabling computers dvd drives it is an extremely costly rental at that . This item is a return before installation and will not be repurchased unless EA removes the DRM .
 I 'd love to play this game but I ca n't justify spending the money on what is essentially a crippled product . The level of DRM is unnecessary for a game . Only three installs allowed for the life of the product ? After that you have to call customer support . How long are they going to support this game ?
 I bought this game the other day because it sounded fun and it is fun . But you only get 3 activations of the game over the internet . Right after I installed the game and activated it something happened to my hard drive while instilling some updates for Windows and I ended up having to reinstall Windows . So right off the bat I loose two of my Activations and now I only have one left . Once I run out you know you will have to fight EA games for weeks jumping through all kinds of hoops to get another Activation Credit `` WHAT FUN '' . I would think twice before buying this game because of this .
 Yes , it 's true . Another person whining about the DRM - But for good reason ! WHAT was EA thinking ? I wish I would have known about this before I bought the game otherwise I never would have.If anything , this DRM is encouraging people to pirate - NOT discouraging it . After your 3 activations limit is hit , you 'll be forced to find a pirated copy to even play your own account . I think it 's disgusting how EA is trying to make more money by attempting to get their customers to re-purchase this game . I reformat/reinstall the OS on my computer every 3-4 months . My game would be useless in less than a year . Ridiculous!DRM is a menace to society . It hurts the companies using it because all it does is piss people off enough to want to find ways to circumvent it . -LRB- And believe me , they will -RRB- It punishes thousands of honest people just to try to get at the few dishonest ones.Well the reviews are speaking for themselves ...
 I 'm sad to post this 1 star review because I 've been waiting a long time to play this game . I 've literally had it on Amazon pre-order since November 4th , 2007 . I was n't aware of the DRM situation until now , and unfortunately it 's unacceptable.Spore arrives tomorrow and I will probably just return it for a refund . Yeah , I 'm writing a review without actually playing the game . But in cases like these , what does that matter ? The point of these reviews is to let people know more about the product and how it 's regarded . The DRM is a deal breaker , so it just does n't matter how good the game is.Unfortunately I also found out the Spore Creature Creator I installed several weeks ago installed SecuROM without any warning . I 'm still working to uninstall it . This gives me serious reservations about buying any future EA game.I 'll buy Spore if the DRM situation is fixed , and I 'll change my review if the actual game play delivers . I expect it will , and hope the EA executives make the right call here .
 First , because everyone 's talking about it
 Spore is not for gamers but for non-gamers . Going in with any other kind of pre-conception is going to cause disappointment.Spore gameplay can be boiled down to : Cell stage
 DRM is strangling PC gaming . DRM is punishing the legitimate customers who bought the game.Until the video game industry wakes up and smells the burnt discs , they will never figure out why piracy is on the rise , and regular people are reluctant to buy their games . I refuse to purchase any game that acts like I just rented it . I refuse to buy any game that limits the number of times I can install it . I uninstall and reinstall games quite often to save on hard drive space . I wo n't buy a game that will stop working for me one day just because I installed it too much.It 's too bad to . I was looking forward to Spore , it looks like a fun game . But EA 's draconian methods to control something I 've already bought are a deal breaker for me . I hope this game tanks EA . I hope you learn your lesson .
 I logged on to Amazon.com with the intent of purchasing this game today , as I , like many of you , have been excited about Spore since it was introduced 3 years ago . But after the long wait , I will not be buying this game with the DRM . No more root kits ! We must send a message to these companies that punishing their innocent and loyal customers is NOT the way to fight piracy .
 I came to Amazon to buy it , but clearly the DRM is repulsive and malware in nature . I will not buy it . I would have purchased two copies , one for me and one for a friend . Say good bye to my $ 100 EA !
 I have been waiting for this game for quite a while . Prerelease reviews have been good and it has seemed like it would live up to the hype . Then I found out about the DRM that is included and that killed it . Simply put , I will not purchase or install any game -LRB- or other type of software for that matter -RRB- that assumes I am not to be trusted . There are too many other games out there and my entertainment time is far too short as it is to want to put up with this sort of behavior from a company that wants to sell me a product .
 Can I give you my money for the product and just use it without having to worry about what your installing ? You know , I understand the need for some control , but this is ridiculous and it does n't work . Nice work publisher .
 The DRM does n't affect me at all , but what does is that it 's unplayable . I have an all Nvidia setup in my computer w / 8600GT Vid Card , 2gig RAM , Plenty of space , etc. . . However , upon trying to save a game it crashes and all is lost . I was told eventually to return the game to the store and get a new one . Done , and same issue occured . Until there 's a patch for this it 's a $ 50 paper weight.So much for 2 years of personal anticipation .
 I can hardly praise the game itself enough . It was an extremely creative and risky endeavor for Will Wright , and I think he delivered admirably . And for the most part , it 's just plain fun.Unfortunately , I ca n't judge on the gameplay alone . The security measures that are shackled to this title reach a new level of customer abuse in the name of anti-piracy . I also know for a fact that pirates had already cracked and started distributing the game before it even officially released . The fact that the pirates are more willing and able to provide a good user experience than EA is just plain sad . I highly recommend avoiding this game , if only to send a message to EA .
 DRM stands for digital rights managment . What does that mean for spore ? It means that you NEVER own the game , EA does and you are paying for them to let you install the game no more than 3 times . Period . If your computer crashes 3 times , you do n't get to play this game anymore . You COULD call EA support but given that they have told people that they have to buy a second copy of a game before , because of issues they did n't know how to fix , I would n't bet on them being helpful.Do I know how good the game itself is ? Nope , never will . If you buy this game , you are telling EA that it is OK to essentially RENT the game to you at full price . If you buy this game , you are telling EA that it 's ok to swindle money out of your wallet . If we want to own the games we buy , we can never support this draconian form of trying to prevent piracy . You should also know that a cracked , pirate the game was available 2 days before the retail product , so the imposed 3 install restriction was bypassed before the game was even released . I am not saying to pirate the game , I just think that you should know that if you buy this game , you will be punished for a crime you did not commit , because the company is trying to prevent something that happened before their game hit shelves . Makes you ask , if the system to prevent piracy has already completely failed , why leave it in there to punish paying customers ... ?
 I will not buy this game . I recommend that you do not either based on the copy protection scheme that can possibly ruin your computer .
 Norton detected a virus in this game ! SecuROM . It installs a rootkit in your computer that checks your programs and applications and decides whether it 's going to let you launch it or not . Only way to get rid of it is to REFORMAT your computer.What the hell ? Is this what video games are coming to ? Installing VIRUSES to people 's computers ? I should have just downloaded this game at Pirate Bay , their version does n't come with the VIRUS I wonder why EA would include a VIRUS in their game ... does n't make sense!I mean ... this is a good game , I love the sandbox aspect as well as the 2.0 aspect of user-generated content , but ... this seems more like a trojan to me - sell people a VIRUS in the guise of a good game ; a shame .
 So I 've now tried for hours to get this game working on my system and it has n't worked . The DRM garbage worked and it installed , but it crashes when I actually get into the game . Support told me to un-install and re-install , which did n't work and we installed it on my wife 's laptop , which also did n't work.So now I 've used up all 3 copies of the DRM assigned installs , and I have no working version . Thanks EA .
 What good is a game if you ca n't play it ? After a few mis-installs and a reformat and reinstall of windows , I 'm out of luck and locked out of installing a game I OWN.YES I OWN the game I did not purchase a license to use it for a limited amount of time.EA get real !
 I tried the demo version a month ago , it was pretty cool . But the full version had all sorts of bugs in the installer . I do n't understand why publishers pay so much money to license securom for their games , when it does n't stop piracy at all ! The DRM is frustrating for exactly ONE of the pirates , and for ALL the rest of the legitimate customers . The only people it does n't bother are ALL of the pirates , and the few customers that do n't realize how much simpler and faster the pirated version is.I feel like the people who add DRM to their games are saying `` The beatings will continue until morale improves . '' The game itself was interesting , but hardly earthshattering . But I only had a few minutes to play it before bed , since it took me hours of work to install .
 It 's a shame when a product that has been worked on for years is broken by DRM . Perhaps someone has been listening too closely to the RIAA and the MPAA . Angering your customers is not the best way to sell them more products .
 I 've gotten burned by DRM too many times at this point . I watched a friend try to deal with the DRM on Spore , and decided it just is n't worth spending another fifty bucks to support the morons that keep doing this to their paying customers . The irony is that the people that pirate these games never have these problems . Wake up Electronic Arts ! We want to buy your products when you make something that looks as good as this , but you are driving us away by wrapping them up in DRM that complicates installing and running the game and in too many cases breaks the game for the people who bought it .
 It has already been stated many times that the DRM spoils the game . I too support that position . To limit the installation to 3 and tie the game to EA licensing servers , is simply ridiculus . At some point in time -LRB- years from now -RRB- , EA will shut the server off because it will cost more money to operate than they are making . With no legal requirements to maintain the server , they can do just that . As a result , you are left with no options . This has been tried on many music MP3 websites that have since gone out of business leaving the suckers -LRB- customers -RRB- who bought music with a library that they can no longer use . I find this unacceptable and as such , I reject Spore , Mass Effect , and any other EA game that utilizes this business model .
 The concept of the game is great and the gameplay is fun that most ages can and will enjoy . The official description in the product page does a good job explaining the game 's premise , so I wo n't go into that in this review.Shame may not be a proper word to use . Perhaps `` tragedy '' is more suitable . The game is hammered down by DRM . Securom and tight installation limits make this game scary to buy . Since EA has done no explaining ahead of time , and has tried to blatantly hide these details , the average person is left to theorize for themselves.EXAMPLE : With three install limits , if I get home and install this game on my PC only to find I have a virus and want to reinstall Windows , I 'm down to 2 . Well , I have Windows reinstalled now , and I 'm ready to play ... but you know the graphics are looking pretty bad maybe I need a new video card anyway , it 's been a while . New video card is in , and I may be down to one more install now because I added new hardware to my PC . This is a pretty uncomfortable feeling for a paying customer to have . -LRB- A few months pass -RRB- Hmm ... I want to play some Spore again ... but should I install that new sound card so I can use the speaker system I got for Christmas ... or will that make me lose my last activation and I 'll have to call EA ... and what if they do n't reset my activations ? There goes my access to a game I bought and paid for.This is where the tragedy comes in . Too bad , Spore in every other aspect is a great game . If you 've got a hole in your pocket and money to burn , go ahead and buy this game . You certainly will enjoy it ... but for how long is the question , and at what price ?
 So EA killed just about every game on console machines by dumbing down the `` sequels '' and releasing more sequels because people stopped buying them . Now EA is killing the few good PC games that were new and unique . Pitty , but at least there are other fantastic properties out there to actually own.I was actually going to buy this for many of my friends , as this is the time for birthdays , but i think we 'll all play a different game instead -LRB- It probably wo n't be the new red alert -RRB- . EA may feel like they ca n't win . And the answer is yes , you ca n't win with your current tactics . But at least you 'll own most of the franchises even though they do n't sell . There 's a good win !
 I play games for more than 20 years and go back playing my favorites time and time again - for instance , I installed Icewind Dale on at least 5 different PC 's / Laptops I owned . Now to Spore -LRB- and Mass Effect -RRB-
 A rather lacklustre evolution simulator that unfortunately comes bundled with incredibly restrictive DRM and installs a virus-like rootkit called SecuROM on your PC . The rootkit is authorized to call corporate servers and send specifics about your computer to Electronic Arts . It also disables some programs -LRB- WinDVD -RRB- and interferes with the operation of other programs -LRB- sometimes even anti-virus scanners -RRB- while using up system resources permanently . It can not be removed , even if you uninstall Spore.Consequently , this game will be unusable a few years from now and the SecuROM DRM is considered a hazard to your PC 's health .
 I have looked forward to Spore for years , only to find out it contains the equivalent of a company-sanctioned virus . A friend of mine installed it and can no longer burn -LRB- LEGAL -RRB- music CDs because of it . I ca n't say how disappointing it was to have to return this game before even getting it installed . I will be boycotting EA products until they see fit to fix this game and allow us to buy it instead of renting it . Please do not buy this game until EA sees its mistake and repairs it .
 As someone who purchases half of my games used , I can not support a company that wishes to eliminate the resale market with their DRM . Setting aside the issue of a `` security '' system that makes a game unplayable -- as many reviewers have already discussed -- when I purchase a game , DVD , book , or CD , I have every right to resell that item if I choose.Sorry , EA
 Game is already pirated before launch . So only legitimate , legal purchasers suffer from DRM.Plus - what happens in say 5 years when I decide I want to play that game I loved in 2008 ? -LRB- As I have previously with other old games -RRB- . Will the servers still be around to authenticate - and will EA still be interested if I have passed the 3 install limit ? Will EA even still exist.What happens if I do n't like the game and want to sell it on?Only buy if you are only interested in the game for the short term .
 I was going to buy this game , then I discovered I 'd only be able to install it a max of 3 times ever . I am a hardcore gamer and upgrade my computer regularly , this means after about 2 years I would no longer be able to play this game.Leaves me little choice but to pirate spore if I want to play it after 2 years . And if I going to one day pirate it , might as well start from the begging and save some coin .
 I bought this game without knowing it used SecuROM DRM . I boycotted Bioshock for it 's use of SecuROM . While I think all DRM is bad , some are better then others and some I will even put up with it 's brokenness . To me SecuROM crosses the line and I will not tolerate it . Now I have to figure out how to get it off my system . I 'll probably just reformat my hard drive and re-install Windows . What a pain . : -LRB-
 I wo n't pay money for a product which artificially restricts the ability of the user to use their legitimately purchased software as they wish on their own computer . Too bad , I was quite looking forward to the game and was willing to purchase it for my Mac until I was made aware of the DRM system in place . The people have spoken EA , although you 're probably too stubborn to admit the mistake and put it right .
 $ 50 for a game that you own is reasonable . $ 50 for a game that you can install 3 times ? That 's ridiculous . And good luck playing it in 5 years when the activation servers are taken offline . Stick with consoles if you are going to buy EA products ... their PC offerings are crippled with DRM .
 Like many , I rode the wave of super-hype surrounding this game . After all , it 's Will Wright game , and anyone responsible for Simcity will always get a fair shake from me . Besides , it 's an amazing concept - evolve a species from a single cell into a space-faring civilization . This is the kind of stuff I 'd dream about as a kid while doodling pictures of aliens and spaceships in my school notebooks.Sadly , this game fails to live up to the hype . The gameplay itself tends to be monotonous and boring - scavenging for food , digging up evolutionary ` parts ' for your species , button mashing in combat , - there 's very little variety , and in some places it feels like the controls and the camera are broken . The various evolutionary stages of the game play out little more than fleshed-out mini games -LRB- with the exception of the space stage -RRB- , of which the results of each game have almost no bearing on the next stage . There 's an enormous amount of customization available for species , buildings , vehicles , spaceships , although again , so little of it actually affects the outcome , one has to ask `` What 's the point ? '' What decisions you make that do affect the outcome are often convoluted , and in a couple of playthroughs , I failed to realize how important some things actually were , and this cost me towards the end of the game . And speaking of the end of the game , perhaps the most frustrating part about Spore is that it really does n't have any ultimate goal . As much as I understand that the evolution of life does n't exactly have a plot or an end result , I 'd kinda like to be able to finish a game to some degree of satisfaction -LRB- real-life is often pointless enough , my life in a video game should n't be -RRB- . All that aside , there are some strong points . Once you get to the space stage , it takes on a whole different feel - it 's easily the most challenging part , and the opportunity to explore is at its best . The creature/vehicle creator is also a lot of fun to play with too , although as previously mentioned , has far too little bearing on actual gameplay . I admit , I 've spent an hour or two here or there re-creating science fiction spaceships or creatures , or creating ones that I 've dreamed up over the years . For me , this is the real appeal of the game - too bad the rest of the game could n't follow suit . -LRB- ... -RRB- In summation
 Spore is simply awe-inspiring . Though the quality of the phases is uneven , -LRB- the only stage I truly disliked was the tribal -RRB- the experience as a whole is one that is not to be missed . Creature creation and evolution are engrossing , and the subtle technical wizardry that underlie it is convincing.However , the DRM is truly a shame , and such draconian efforts are surely contributing to the wane of computer gaming . It is a tragedy that a game as striking as Spore must be caught in the crossfire , but so it goes .
 Spore is a game I have eagerly watched the development of for years . I 've watched every presentation that there has ever been of it , either through online videos or , in a couple cases , in person . I was awed by the incredible technology , the web 2.0-inspired user-generated content scheme , and the incredible procedural animation.The game that was originally shown to us was full of incredible depth and promise.And then EA caught wind of the game 's potential , and got their publisher claws in it . The final product is dumbed down beyond belief - EA wanted to cater to a broad audience , and make Spore accessible to anyone , but Maxis went about doing this by removing any and all complexity , anything that could possibly require more then a split-second of thought to comprehend . Aside from the Space stage of course , which is so broken and poorly balanced that even some seasoned `` hardcore '' gamers I know are throwing their hands down in frustration.Despite all this , it 's a fun game , the technology is ground-breaking , and there 's the potential for a patch that will fix the broken Space stage . And then you run into the DRM.The DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -RRB- system that comes with Spore is supposedly an anti-piracy measure . Sadly , the only people it actually hinders are legitimate customers . What it does is connect to the internet to validate that copy of the game and it 's cdkey upon installation . Without that validation , the game does not work . And , after three validations , the game will not install again . Ever . On any computer . Upgrade your computer and need to reinstall windows ? Bam , there goes one of your only three installs . Spore customers are essentially paying $ 50 or $ 60 for a rental.The only possible recourse is to call EA 's lousy customer support , but they are not required to grant a 4th activation , and would only do so after an extensive questioning process to prove that you are a valid customer.And the only people it hurts are the legitimate customers , who are treated like thieves . The pirates still had the game cracked before the actual release , and the hassle of pirating it is nothing compared to the hassle of dealing with EA 's support . Oh , and the phone number is not toll-free ; thus , customers have to pay long-distance fees as they 're forced to wait through being on hold .
 I was coming online to buy a copy of this game , but after reading the reviews about DRM and only 3 installs I decided not to buy it . I know for a fact I will have to reinstall my XP and Vista numerous times -LRB- have had plenty of exp so I know -RRB- which means it wont be long before I am screwed . I am cutting my losses up front this time . Thanks for all those posting about the limitation so quickly . I will not even get the chance to see if the limitations built into the game affect the enjoyment I might have had .
 Can not believe EA . I refuse to buy a game that installs viruses on my computer for the sake of DRM . GET A CLUE EA !
 Here 's a big THANK YOU to EA for punishing yet another paying customer with their invasive DRM . The irony of it is sickening . Video games are one of the few forms of media I actually think are worth the money spent . I 'm a coder myself and I know a lot of work goes into these games , and I 'm happy to support that effort . EA 's inclusion of SecuROM malware in Spore has tainted what could have been a great piece of software , and discouraged me from ever supporting their games again . The crazy thing is had I obtained Spore through pirating I 'd get the same great game CLEAN , without SecuROM infecting my computer . I can not recommend to anyone to buy this game when it includes SecuROM .
 Spore is the Black & White of 2008 ! Just like Black & White , it 's the very definition of `` overhyped '' ! Essentially you 're buying a creature creator and a bunch of mini-games . While amusing , the fun factor wears off quickly . Oh yeah , and thanks to the draconian DRM -LRB- thanks EA ! -RRB- , you 're not really buying it you 're RENTING it !
 I have been looking forward to this game for a long time , and I have seen nothing to dispute the fact that it looks enjoyable and fun.Unfortunately , I can not in good conscience recommend the purchase of this game because of the SecuROM DRM scheme that is in use.In reading the reviews , the vast majority of people are not happy with this DRM scheme . Even the 5-star reviews are recommending actively cracking the game to disable activation and disabling SecuROM protection.There has been a lot of rhetoric regarding the issue , but it all boils down to this : Is this a fun game ? Yes.Would you be happy with it after the initial purchase ? Yes.Would you be just as happy a few months down the line once you start experiencing the sorts of problems attributed to SecuROM ? Probably not.Does this type of draconian DRM do anything at all to deter piracy ? No . The game was cracked and released on torrent sites days , if not hours , after being available.Who are the ones most inconvenienced by the DRM method in use ? You , the consumer.Should you buy this game ? Unfortunately , no .
 I installed this game on my fiance 's computer -LRB- a fancy pants Alienware -RRB- that runs Vista smoothly and has more than the minimum required to play the game . The game itself runs fine , even with all settings on high , but that is not what it destroyed . The SecuROM disabled his firewall , anti-virus and much of the functionality of Vista . He can no longer install any other programs to his computer , or use his task manager because his entire computer freezes up . After many months of being problem free on Vista , he now gets regular visitation from the BSOD - only after this game was installed . He 's a computer engineer and he thought it might be the game . He called Windows tech support , and they came to the same conclusion . Meanwhile I 've been on hold with EA 's technical support for a good half hour so far -LRB- I 've been typing this while waiting with brain numbing techno hold music -RRB- . I figure they owe me another install as it appears that fixing his computer would require a non-refunding uninstall or clean installation of Vista with a disc image restore dated pre-Spore . If your computer is used for anything besides gaming , deeply consider getting a cracked version or do n't bother installing this game at risk of what happened to my fiance 's pc happening to yours . If you have a mac , do n't be smug because it is giving my 1yr old macbook pro freezing problems and causes it to restart itself -LRB- does same thing to fiance 's computer too . -RRB- All in all this game was a disappointing wait . I expected to have a game that would let me be omnipotent with the world my giant sandbox in Fall 06 . Instead , I got a game that samples already made games with your own created avatar ... woo hoo . Even the final stage gets monotonous after repetitive missions.One plus
 I enjoy creating species as much as anyone , but this game was tedious enough the first time around and has zero replay . The only point at which this game was remotely fun was the final space-age stage , at which it resembled a more customizable but far less satisfying version of Space Rangers and Space Rangers 2 .
 Unfortunately , when a product limits your installs to 3 -LRB- god forbid you format your computer or use your laptop -RRB- it makes it impossible to use the product you pay for . Spore has done this . It is impossible to buy .
 I ca n't help but agree with the comments here . Instead of feeling like an owner of an exciting game , I feel like a criminal . And of course you ca n't return the thing since the seal is broken . Grats EA on robbing me . What a fool I am .
 ... so , no thanks . It 's the principle of the thing . I 'm tired of buying products I do n't `` own . ''
 I refuse to purchase the game as long as the current Digital Rights Management system is in place . Currently the game only allows you to install it three times . It does not matter if you un-install the game . Also - it counts as an install every time you change a piece of hardware the game was monitoring - such as your video card.Would you purchase a DVD that only allowed you to watch it on 3 DVD players before it stopped working ? Would you buy a hamburger that required you to prove you bought it every third bite ? Would you buy a car that only allows you to drive it -LRB- forget reselling it -RRB- and requires the dealer to start it every few months ?
 I came to purchase Spore today , but thanks to the DRM warnings I decided to pre-order The Force Unleashed instead . I still have n't purchased Bioshock or Mass Effect for the same reasons . It is a shame as all three of these games look great , but I just do n't want the hassle.I purchased HoMM V a while back which has something similar -LRB- spyware -RRB- and that 's been just a pain . -LRB- p.s. I 've owned & enjoyed all the Maxis games from way back - including RoboSport ! What a darn shame I 'm going to miss this one -RRB- . Rating
 I bought this game for my son for Christmas , and we recently tried to re-install it on one of my computers . We had a problem and had to remove it and then re-install a second time , at which time , unbeknownst to us , we ran up against the three install limit . I paid $ 50 for that game and he only got to play it for a few hours . What a waste ! And I have no proof of purchase so I ca n't even ask EA for more installs . Had I known about the ridiculous DRM EA had included on the disk , I would NEVER have purchased it to begin with . The worst part is , SecuROM has completely disabled my CD drive -LRB- on a new computer , to boot ! -RRB- so it can not be used AT ALL anymore . I have been working fruitlessly for weeks now , trying to remove this stupid program with absolutely no success . I certainly will never , ever purchase another EA PC game , and I encourage everyone reading this not to , either.P.S . From my son
 In retrospect , what probably most motivated me to buy this game was all of the publicity surrounding it . Once I started the game , however , I ran into a bug where I could n't register myself for all of the online content . I tried a variety of things without success and browsed EA 's pages online for help . I was quite dismayed to find no help/support pages on EA/Spore AT ALL -LRB- hopefully that 's been fixed by now -RRB- . I found the game itself interesting for about 2 hours and then it lost my interest - I never did get past the 2nd of 5 levels in the game . Wish I could return it but I bought it from one of those places that insist that returns come packaged in the original packaging ...
 I will not buy this game . I was planning to , but once I heard about the limited activation scheme last year , I decided against it . EA , take note - I will never buy any of your games so long as limited activations are pushed on the customer . I 'd love to spend time telling other customers about how great this game is - however , since the activation issue was created by EA , I ca n't purchase Spore to find out . In my opinion , * thee * single most important thing about this game that buyers NEED to know about this game is that they will only be allowed to install it a few times - so do n't get attached to it.A brief comment about 'S . Lee 's ' post from March 30 , 2009
 This software uses awful DRM . Spore is now going to become one of the most embarrassingly unsuccessful attempts at piracy preventing in the history of gaming . EA should be ashamed of themselves for being so stupid . They lost out on MAD money due to their idiocy.As far as the game is concerned ; it is fun for a short while but gets quite boring in the middle . I have n't gotten to the Space exploration part , and apparently that is the main thrust of the game , so hopefully that will make a difference . The game , unfortunately , will never become the `` next great Will Wright game '' while it still has this DRM BS .
 Since 2005 , I have n't bought a single Sony product . Looks like I 'll have to adopt a similar stance for EA & Maxis . Seriously , guys , how could you do this ? Spore is the most anticipated game in a decade . Every nerd on the planet wanted to buy a copy . When will you learn ?
 I want to love it , but I just ca n't . EA games seems to want to do everything they can to screw over the people who give them money , and that 's just unacceptable . Plus , it 's not even Linux compatible . This highly anticipated game is now nothing more than a joke .
 Three installs before EA tears another $ 50 out of you if you want to play the game again.I 'm already on two and the game has been out less than a week.Lovely.That aside the game is n't quite complete but the two completed parts -LRB- creature and final stage -RRB- are fun . I 'd say wait till it hits bargain bin or steam it when you can .
 Yeah The game is alright , the creature creator feel like its more fun than the game itself after a while . The DRM does suck but its not the end of the world for me.Btw to the people who said 1 star review are people who download it from warez you may want to check cause last i remember the warez place have it a week before we got it and they crack the thing on it already . reported by many site .
 As it has been put , THIS GAME IS FOR RENT ... FOR $ 50 . DRM in the form of the horrendous SECURom absolutely ruined the game and they lost 3 sales to my family.I will not purchase any game with SECURom or any game with an installation limit . 3 ? 5 ? 10 ? It does n't matter . If I legally purchase the game , I can legally install it one million times if I so choose.ALL GAME REVIEWS NEED A NEW SECTION CALLED `` DRM '' . It can go with grapics/gameply/sound / originality . BUT THE THING IS ... A PERFECT 10 IN THE OTHER CATEGORIES AND A 0 IN DRM , MEANS A 0 OVERALL.This game is a dud . A Zero . I hope it is the most pirated game ever and EA loses their arse on it . They deserve nothing less than a fiasco .
 Given all the negative comments about the anti-piracy code that this game includes , I will not be buying it . As the music industry did , now so do game publishers ... and I no longer buy from either . Treat your customers like criminals , and only criminals will be your customers .
 SecuRom ruins this game for legitimate customers . Only 3 installs , and then you have to go through the hassle of customer support ? Sorry , but its annoying enough when you have to deal with any sort of customer support in order to RMA faulty or breaking electronics . And this is a game , a piece of software . You should have the right to install it and re-install it as often as you want to . I find myself formatting my computer typically several times per year , either do to hardware upgrades or a compromise of the windows operating system . Windows really ca n't be installed for a long period of time without breaking , or at least becoming horrendously slow over time . So I have to reinstall all the games I want to play at least periodically , and it is unacceptable that Spore can only be installed three times . Furthermore , it is n't like this is stopping pirates . it honestly only encourages them - Spore was leaked and cracked DAYS before the official release . And I do n't blame them , the pirated version can be installed as many times as you want .
 The draconian DRM put on this game means that if you choose to be a law-abiding citizen and do not pirate , you lose . Spore 's DRM makes it so you have to reactivate every time you change a piece of hardware , when you upgrade your computer , or when EA decides that they want more money from you to keep on playing . And they achieve this by installing a malicious , insecure backdoor , akin to malware , that can not be removed or destroyed . Many people have reported this has caused performance problems , crashes , or even data loss.And DRM does NOT work . Its only use is to make the game that you BOUGHT harder to play by imposing restrictions . Pirates are still copying this game . Spore has already been hacked in less than a few days of its release . Pirates out there are already playing the same game you bought , only that their version is BETTER because it has no stupid restrictions.I do now wish to pirate , nor do I wish to play an inferior version when I cough up $ 50 + .
 Unfortunately , what should have been an amazing game experience for gamers of all ages has been overshadowed by Electronic Arts ' Draconian efforts with Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- . As a consumer , it 's important for you to understand that purchasing this game guarantees you an expiration timer which , when tripped , means you will never be able to play the game again . Essentially what you are doing is renting a game from EA which they can revoke the license to at any time without your consent.It 's important for consumers to stand up to companies like EA and let them know that when we purchase their product we expect to be able to keep it and use it for as long as we like , not as long as they like . If we fail in our vigilance , what slippery slope lies in front of us ? Is the day that companies revoke licenses in a effort to force the customer onto the next product that difficult to imagine ?
 I 'm tired of the software industry treating me like a criminal . Apparently EA has forgotten the term `` the customer is always right '' . Well , I vote we send them a message via the only route they understand ... their pocketbook . I wo n't purchase any game that has such restrictive DRM in it . Perhaps this will also send a message to the developers - choose your distributor wisely .
 Thanks to the reviews here , I was able to cancel my pre-order . I may buy it for $ 5 in the bargain bin . That is all a 3 install game is worth .
 Seriously guys , I 'm intrigued by this game but the DRM -LSB- expletive -RSB- on it makes me very hesitant to buy it , just stop .
 I was really excited for the game when I downloaded a demo for the create creator . I was even still excited while playing the game . That is , until I got past the creature stage . After that the game was boring . I still like to make creatures in it , ignoring the stats and all that , but I do n't play the rest of the content.I wish someone would take this idea and mature it . Better graphics , more parts , abilities of parts based on stats you give your creature and not which part you choose , so on , and so forth . Maybe make different run animations , because not all animals move the same . Maybe even have some way of differentiating genders , even if it 's just different sizes . Take this game and shake it up a little , and it could be a lot better .
 Like many others here , I have been waiting on this game with great anticipation . As a fan of the Sims series , this was a natural progression for me as a gamer who likes many different genres . However good the game is and perhaps its unfair to judge the game by the actions of the publisher , it still is being overshadowed by the inclusion of DRM software that goes well beyond the acceptable limits of rights management.I ordered and installed the game on a `` test '' system that I threw together using some old PC parts that had accumulated through various PC upgrades through the past few years . This way I would n't lose anything of great value in my gaming PC if something went awry with the DRM software . It installs innocently enough and the game launched without a hitch . The game itself is a great addition to the genre of SIMS type life simulators . It 's a fun and quirky game that has some awesome customization options that allow you to play out your species as you see fit . I was engrossed in the game for quite a while before I started thinking about installing this game on my Gaming PC.I ultimately decided against it . Sure , I had a great time while playing the game but there is something to be said for setting a precedent against poor management decisions when it comes to products that we use our own hard-earned money for . The draconian DRM policy that EA has put into place should concern gamers of all types because this is a bad precedent for the future of gaming . Many of us upgrade our PC 's religiously and many more are forced into upgrading or replacement if there is a malfunction or loss in a critical system component . This DRM counteracts that by treating all of us as potential criminals rather than loyal , paying customers . I tested this by simply flashing my BIOS - Spore saw this as me installing the game on an entirely new computer , thus considering that I had installed the game on two different PC 's . It 's not hard to imagine where this could cause some major issues with many gamers.I regret that I gave $ 49.99 to EA once , but I will make sure that they will never again see my money until they A. -RRB- End repressive DRM tactics forced on consumers and B. -RRB- Implement quality assurance and controls to ensure their products are customer friendly and of the highest quality . Far too often do we see sub-par games released from EA and other companies that make us all scratch our head and wonder why one of the biggest and most profitable video game companies are so intent on spending their money on marketing and hype rather than delivering a product that can meet those expectations.My apologies to Will Wright , who by all accounts , is a stand up guy who has a passion for gaming . Perhaps Mr. Wright will think again before releasing a game that he has invested so much time and talent into with EA .
 I 'm a gamer that loves to play old games every other year . I just played XCom
 Its not often we casual gamers feel sad . Normally insults seem to be the way of the extreme , the lack-of this insane feature . However terse my language , SPORE is disappointing on two fronts .1 -RRB- DRM . I am all for buying games and for paying the creator , but to limit the installations to 3 is like telling me when I buy a sound system I am only allowed to play 3 genre 's of music .2 -RRB- Simplistic gameplay with an unrealistic concept of conquering . I am in space phase right now , but the stages before this phase were nothing but a disappointment . Simplistic style of gameplay without many options for strategy made me feel like I was playing those old `` Magic School Bus '' games from my elementary era . Sure I was exploring , but it was more like watching a film than controlling the action.Spore can be saved , but just like Windows , I believe it needs a SP1.-im out
 The fact that this game does n't even belong to me after I paid for it and ca n't transfer it without hassle to my new computer make me warn anyone away from it .
 I rebuild my computer twice a year out of sheer necessity ; its the only way to really remove any malware that creeps in past my Anti-virus software and firewalls . That means I have to re-buy the game in 18 months ? Yeah , not gon na happen . NO DRM , or NO SALE !
 Do n't bother buying this game , unless you 're okay with the fact EA requires you to authenticate with their servers * every single time * you play . Not only that , but if you change your computer 's hardware configuration you risk the chance of losing the entire license to this product . Too bad , the game 's quite fun but the software enforcing its anti-piracy system renders this purchase useless . You 'd be better off burning your money .
 Securom has destroyed many computers that otherwise would be fine so dont let ea destroy your computer also
 First , the game 's concept is awesome.Second , the implementation is crap . For example , you would think that if you wanted to create a warlike creature , you would gain some benefit by placing weapons and spikes all over the creature . However , this is not the case . It does n't matter if you give him a dozen spikes , he will do the same damage as a pacificist blob with no spikes . Where is the role playing experience here ? The only thing your design changes is the way the creature looks , not his stats or abilities ... thus its a dumbed down evolution sim . Imagine Darwin 's surprise when the monster shark that evolved huge jaws and teeth was killed by a pacifist sloth ... Finally , this is an EA title , thus it installs SecuROM , which is a hidden rootkit which you are unable to uninstall and causes random crashes , privacy concerns , etc. . For the life of me I can not figure out why publishers pay SecuROM for this disservice . The game gets cracked and released on the internet anyway , so all it does is piss of paying customers .
 I bought a copy of Spore on release day for my husband 's birthday . We did n't discover until after he installed it about the DRM restrictions . My husband has been playing and greatly enjoying the game since September , often showing me many aspects of his creatures and civilizations . I have on several occasions contemplated buying a copy for myself as I have my own separate computer , but because I frequently make major hardware upgrades to my PC as well as reformatting my HD often , I will never get this game with it 's current DRM restrictions . I 'm very well aware of the fact that the game was already cracked the day it was released , and it makes me very angry that EA 's DRM policy will only be hurting the customers who purchase legitimate copies while not affecting the pirates at all -LRB- who are the people EA says is their reason for having DRM in the first place -RRB- . I used to be a great fan of The Sims and have purchased many of those games and expansions , but I will NEVER buy another EA game as long as they keep this counterproductive and discriminatory DRM policy on their software . I have never posted a review on Amazon.com before , but I decided to post now for the first time because of my intense frustration . I hope EA wakes up soon and realizes that this problem is affecting enormous portions of their customers , not just a `` vocal minority '' as the company has recently suggested .
 Spore is like the movie Groundhog Day . It 's an endless repeat of your prior efforts . The game can be summed up in a single sentence : `` Spore is a endless effort in frustration . `` Yes , the paranoid 3 activation limit and DRM is crap . But even if this game did n't have that , it would still be a 1 out of 5 rated game . You just never accomplish anything during this game and are stuck in an endless cycle of repetitiveness . There 's just no fun to be had with this game and that 's too bad , because it could have been so much more .
 I had been serious interested in this game and wanted to try it out and see how well it would work on Linux under Wine.But knowing how harsh the DRM is , and that I 'd almost certainly not be permitted to return the game if it does n't work , means that I 'll probably never know . I ca n't even try installing a friend 's copy to find out , since it would use up an activation.Great work , EA . You try to treat us like pirates , when you 're the filthy thieves .
 The game may be wonderful , but I am not going to put with multiple authorization procedures ! I go through that at work , to access sensitive information . THIS IS A GAME ! EA , GET OVER YOURSELVES !
 I wo n't be spending my money on Spore for the simple reason the DRM is an affront that assumes I am a thief , AFTER I have bought the product . It makes no sense . All it does is punish consumers , which you have to remember is all the the game companies see us as . So much for a fun experinece .
 There 's no way in hell I 'm trying this game with the bundled software on it . I work in the network security field . I know better .
 I 've been waiting for this game since they announced it so many years ago , singing it 's praises from the hilltop.Now I ca n't even buy it because of the DRM . I 'm having computer problems now and am in the process of buying a new computer , I know I 'm going to go over the 3 installs that are allowed just trying to get my computer to accept it , so now I ca n't even play the game that I 've waited so long for.Thanks DRM.They do n't even need a DRM on this , the game links up to a server and they can just have it check to make sure its got a unique ID code like so many other games do . Total bs .
 I own several Sim games , but what EA is doing is preventing us from playing any more.The reason this game gets one star ? Three letters ... DRM.For this same reason , I no longer purchase music from iTunes -- I even have loaded gift certificates that I 've yet to cash in for two years . I buy all my music through Amazon 's DRM-free MP3 Albums.Maybe EA will get the message . DRM has got to go or their customers will .
 i refuse to buy a game with this kind of drmea also does n't deserve my money with the way they generally treat their talented employees
 I bought Mass Effect for the PC , and I refuse to buy another game with over the top DRM . I really hope EA listens to it 's customers and stops treating them like theives . The DRM does nothing to prevent pirates , the game was released as a torrent the same day EA released it , so why punish legit users ?
 I have intermittent internet access , and when I found out -LRB- unpleasantly -RRB- about the Creature Creator 's `` phone-home '' DRM , I was miffed about the $ 10 that I donated to their cause.I wo n't be buying Spore for the same reason that I did n't buy Bioshock , or any other game that I know to have such a restrictive DRM system .
 Why would you buy a game for 49.99 that you can install on your computer for a total of 3 times ? Then if you reach that limit , you have to call EA and they decide if you will get activation or not . I do n't know about you but I like going back and playing games that I enjoyed from years ago . Would this game still work or do I have to pay for another copy of the game?DRM system was n't created to stop pirating ; it was created for renting games to customers . Remember EA is n't obligated to grant you any extra activations or support activations years down the road , so if you want to play that game down the road , tough luck . DRM is the down fall of PC gaming .
 Like many PCs users I care about having a tidy , smooth running PC , and I find that re-installing the OS and formatting the drive once or twice a year really helps . The three install limit DRM on this software is just not workable for me . But then by many accounts the game does n't really warrant any more than two or three playings anyway.Three installs only ? No thanks .
 A digital rights management that allows a total of three installations ? Well , you can install the game but you ca n't play it until you activate it online , and you can only do this three times . After that , the game is worthless . Even if you change anything in your computer like , say , adding a new video card to improve your system performance , this thing will demand to be activated again . I 'd actually prefer SecuRom over this , or to register on-line every ten days -LRB- that was the original plan -RRB- . I will be returning this game and if I see the EA Games logo on a game from now on , I will NOT be purchasing it . I hope Electronic Arts rots !
 While the game is a bit cheesy and somewhat fun to play the entire use of DRM and crazy way the limit the installs to 3 times is nuts and hurts those of us that paid for the game . Until EA fixes it , I say skip it .
 If you like the Sims you should probably like this game I just refomatted my computer because of problems with Mass Effect and its damn DRM ! for those who do n't know it DRMs are virus like programs that install on your computer without your knowledge in my case it created big problems I refuse to buy software that uses this intrusive type of software ! Shame on you EA
 While the game concept is interesting , the complicated installation and DRM process ruined it for me . I spent 4 hours trying to `` activate '' this game yesterday and completely failed . These people are so worried about you letting your friends copy the game they have made it impossible to use for non computer experts . BEWARE .
 I hardly ever buy games . I do n't pirate them either I simply do n't play games that often . But I have been waiting for a long time to pay for and play Spore.And now I wo n't . The DRM is horrible and does nothing but drive otherwise willing to pay users to pirated versions where they will not be bothered by the junk software and insulting activation scheme .
 I just discovered about the DRM issue with Spore today , 2 days after buying it . While it 's a great game . I think companies have no right to label their product in a way that would muddle the fact that it bears a virus . I own multiple computers -LRB- 4 in this house -RRB- and like to take my games with me when I travel and play them at friends & family members ' homes . How does a game with online capabilities benefit from restrictions that would generate an aversion to ever installing it again?Personally I would like an option to remove the DRM script from my computer . IF EA does n't offer it I 'm sure someone else will .
 Yes , the DRM issue is a big one . It hurts the paying customers and does not prevent piracy . But being forcefed DRM can be more palatable if the game is good . See Mass Effect . But Spore is a mish-mash of games that have admittedly been dumbed down -LRB- Will Wright admitted as much in a recent interview -RRB- to reach a broader audience and get sales rather than create the game it could be . That 's nice for Will and EA , but for you , the gamer , it is a drawback . The first two levels are extremely tedious , the cell game is like Pac-Man only less fun , and the next level is just dancing , posing , biting , singing over and over and over and over - it gets old . The later game is better , but the Civ level , well it certainly is no Civ . It 's like the Extra Light of Civ . In fact , the diplomacy screens are a complete Civ ripoff . Someone call Sid Meier so he can call his lawyers . And the space race , it 's been done and better . Master of Orion for example . Yeah it 's kind of fun to do it with your own races , but really when your entertainment value is more from the tool than with the game , you have failed . For me , it is not worth the money . This is going to be another money grab like with The Sims . It 's interesting for a bit , but there is no real depth so it gets old . Then they hit you with the expansion packs , which cost another 20 bucks , and the cycle goes on and on every few months . This game tries to be all things , and at the lowest level it is , but it fails to be very good or great at any of them . As for EA , and DRM , time to try something that works .
 Once again copy protection has made a paid-for version inferior to the hacked . I just do n't understand the logic here.If I BUY a movie , they force me to watch five minutes of federal warnings I ca n't skip . If I just download the AVI , I can instantly watch the movie . Hacked version superior.If I buy this game , I can only install it three times and it puts invasive software on my machine that I ca n't remove . If I download the hacked version that appeared in the first 24 hours of release ANWAY , then I get no invasive software and can play forever . Hacked version superior.If these companies want to beat piracy they need to smarten up and stop alienating their user bases by treating them like kids who ca n't reach the cookie jar .
 Like many games in the past , the more hype a game has prior to release the more likely the game is to be a dud.DRM is certainly an issue , since it only punishes those paying for the game . EA executives should have been smart enough to realize their online component was content that would have encouraged most consumers to pay.The pirate version , so widely available , would actually have sold more games , assuming Spore was any good , which is is n't . Spore is basically a bunch of mostly unrelated mini games involving extremely basic strategy and tactics . Game play is fairly enjoyable , but certainly nothing ground breaking . Graphics are average . The game tries to be overly cute , but is mostly just annoying.Overall I would rate Spore -LRB- not considering the DRM issues -RRB- as a 3/5 . Average , but certainly not a must buy . Taking the ignorant EA decision of DRM into consideration , Spore drops to 2/5 stars.Maybe in a few years this will develop into a quality game with depth.Wait until Spore is released as a package for $ 29 with the dozen expansions sure to follow , and DRM removed .
 I have been so looking forward to this game , and I was ready to order it as soon as it came out ... Unfortunately though , I WO N'T be buying it , due to the insane DRM system that it uses.I do n't mind some degree of reasonable copy-protection , but I 'm not willing to pay for a game that I can only install 3 times.If they ever decide to release a version without this ridiculous level of DRM , I 'll HAPPILY give them my money . Until then , there 's no way , regardless of how great the game may be otherwise .
 This whole DRM agenda with EA is outrageous - and this is coming from a guy who buys all of his music off of iTunes . The DRM technology is a decent attempt to prevent `` piracy '' - which is really just file sharing , not piracy by any means - and has a medium that needs to be met with the customer . When you destroy a product , such as SPORE , with the a DRM that only allows 3 installs , you are pushing normal , dedicated customers to start file sharing . And once you start , there is no reason to stop . If my machine could run spore , i would be more inclined to acquire it through seedier means than to be submitted to EA 's bad business practices .
 If it looked like the best game in the world I would buy it despite the DRM . Realistically , it looks like kind of a cool game that I would probably buy , but the DRM killed it for me .
 I remember the good old days when a man could buy a game , play it on his computer , and not have to worry about big brother or have to check in with him every once in a while . When you pay for this game , you 're not really purchasing it . You 're just renting it . You 'll be allowed to use it on three different computer and the game will have to `` check in '' and validate your copy when there are any updates made to it . Spore , one of the most versatile games ever made , will tie you with a chain to a big ball with DRM written all over it .
 Well , if EA thinks I 'm going to shell out 50 dollars to basically rent a game for 3 installs , they better think again 'cause they are n't getting anymore of my cash .
 Way to turn people off to an anticipated game by calling them thieves and hurting the comsumers who DID want to buy the game
 The game was a decent bit of fun , but EA needs to be a taught a lesson in its production schemes . DRM does nothing to prevent copyright infringement and does everything to ruin the real consumer 's experience . 3 installs ? Come on .
 EA has gone too far with their digital rights management . Not only does it limit you too how many times you can play it by limiting the number of machines it can be installed on , the DRM software leads to reduced performance and stability issues for all programs on your PC .
 The big grudge with Spore is the tyrannical DRM -- and that 's a valid grudge , since it does n't accomplish anything except annoy legitimate customers -- but underneath the DRM fiasco , the game itself is n't anything close to what it should have been.For all the player created content gushing out of this game , the experience of playing it is surprisingly stingy
 Supposedly , the game itself is mediocre , but it could be amazing and that would n't excuse the crazy DRM . All of the people who are going to steal the game already have and they are playing the unhindered version right now . The rest of us get to choose to not buy it or rent a game from EA . In a given year , I probably upgrade something in my computer once or twice and reformat at least once in addition . That means I 'd have to pay $ 50/year to play this game ... . No thanks . I 'll go buy a good game and pay $ 50 for a lifetime copy .
 The concept and execution of this game guarantees it to be of great interest and excitement to many , myself included . I have followed closely the released videos and demos , and found myself questioning my long held abstinence from computer gaming.Unfortunately the heavy-handed business tactics by the parent company destroy what hope i had , and any desire to purchase it . Suffice to say that no game is worth being treated this way by any company.We all lose , the players and the makers , in this deal .
 Three installations.That 's the only set of three words anyone should need to hear that make them cringe over this game 's release . When the first mainstream DRM system came around that was more than a simple CD check , it at least came with some benefits to the user . Valve 's Steam digital distribution system , which so many people were so loathe to try when it originally came on the scene , at least started out with one major `` give '' to the consumer
 I had high hopes for this game , after reading about it in the news and knowing the pedigree of its creators . Unfortunately , while the concept had tremendous potential , the execution is very bland . There is not enough to do until you get to the last stage of the game . Each of the early stages are very simple and the transitions are done poorly .
 OK ... I 'll start off by saying that I do n't like the DRM thing any more than anybody else here does . However , I kind of have the feeling that if you buy a game with DRM , you do n't really have the right to complain about it , because you knew it ahead of time.That said , Spore is boring as hell . The gameplay does n't really seem very realistic and requires that you have an inhumanly long attention span . It may be interesting to create a giant waddling dog turd -LRB- once -RRB- but it gets old really quick . As for the rest of it , it 's just dull.My recommendation
 The DRM in this product actually hinders paying customers , but does n't hurt pirates . This is not the way to protect software . It 's a shame because it 's such a neat game .
 I am all for protection of IP but burdensome DRM is not the answer . I have been waiting for Spore for ages but now I 'm canceling my order due to the DRM .
 I was really looking forward to the game , and enjoyed the Creature Creator tremendously . I found out about the DRM -LRB- 3 activations ! -RRB- today . For many of us , machine rebuilds are a frequent fact of life for various reasons . I 'm a bit disappointed that I 'll have to install their spyware authenticator every time , not to mention calling to get the activations extended over and over.I received the shipping notification before I found out about the DRM . I 'll definitely be returning the game until I see that the DRM has been removed .
 I was very interested in this game , but seeing all the issues about invasive and unethical DRM procedures has definitely turned me off . Too bad EA .
 Ca n't rate the game itself because we ca n't get it to install ... My son was very excited to install this in our MacBook Pro . According to the information it should work . We installed it , installed a million updates and then tried to run it . It starts , you get the spore window and then it just disappears . Have to do more research , but so far we have n't been able to identify the problem . Old software , newer computer and operating system can be a problem , but if it is n't compatible , they should tell you . If there is more you need to do , they should have that information available on their website.My son is NOT satisfied with this product thus far . I 'll see how much time I have to devote to installation in the next day or two .
 Their DRM copy protection is outrageous . Limiting to 3 installs for a full price PC game is not going to cut it . They are inconveniencing their customers for a game many have anticipated for many years . To prove the folly of gimping their official disc , I think I 'll pass for now . My pirated copy will keep me busy in the interim.NO THANK YOU EA !
 I was actually planning on picking this up today . But I 'm not going to buy it now , at least until they remove the DRM . By then I probably wo n't care any more anyway .
 The reviews complaining about the DRM are missing the mark . Spore is so bad that you wo n't want to play it more than once . The only fun part of the game -LRB- the cell stage -RRB- is a near-clone of the much earlier game flOw . Spore is really a fine example of `` scope creep '' - if they had focused on making it fun instead of demoing its grand ambitions , it could have been a great game .
 I was very excited about getting this game . One copy for me and one for my wife . Due to the DRM , activation limits , and the generally poor reviews of dumbed down gameplay I wo n't be purchasing any.I hope EA learns that DRM harms the legitimate player , not the pirate . Actions like this make people prefer the pirated version . Since `` I do n't pirate , looks like I wo n't play this game at all . Will look for something else to spend my money on .
 My entire family and I have been completely excited about this game for a very long time . SPORE is supposed to be the game to revolutionize gaming . Extremely well hyped and it actually looked like it could back it up.But paying $ 50 to rent a game is ridiculous . No game is worth that , even if it is the next revolution in gaming . Until this game has it 's DRM stripped , and an apology is issued , EA will get none of my family 's money , and I will ask everyone to do the same.I 'm extremely disappointed with EA , Maxis , and Will Wright for ruining this game not even based on gameplay but the ability to use it .
 I like the look of the game , but will avoid now that I know it has aggressive DRM . I do n't like to pay money and then be treated like a potential criminal . There are better ways to spend my time and money .
 I was about to buy this game off Amazon , then I saw the low score . I know about DRM , but I did n't realize how ridiculous it has gotten over the last few years.I understand the need for companies to protect their products from software piracy . I can even understand limiting the number of installs you can make with a game . But to be limited to 3 installs of a title , especially one as hyped as Spore , is infuriating . When I buy a game , I play it for several years , over numerous computer upgrades . I do not want to rely on EA 's good graces to reset the install limit.Until a patch is released that removes the install limit -LRB- or allows one to reset the counter without hassle -RRB- , I will simply play something else .
 The average person does n't read a review to hear about DRM or technology - I know all about it , I hate it , but initially I just want to hear about the ACTUAL game . And the actual game is a brilliant , engaging , atmospheric , and -LRB- in spite of what the so-called `` hardcore gamers '' are saying -RRB- DEEP entertainment experience.It might not be for you if you consider yourself a strategy wizard and you 're used to screens of options and tweaks to micro-manage your civilization to glory . If , however , you 're someone looking for an entertaining experience where the joy comes not from fiddling with a control system and screens full of stats but from engaging in a creative and stimulating joyride with the world 's most advanced toy , then you will find that Spore lives up to the hype.I think the early reviewers have been a tad short-sighted in their reviews . With time , hopefully Spore will rope in the casual players and those hardcore gamers looking for an entertaining experience that does n't take time and effort just to learn the interface . It 'll still take weeks or months out of your life xD but the time you spend goes into your own creative engagement with the atmosphere and spirit of the game ; your focus is taken by the engaging graphics and animations while you tacitly pick up a broader understanding of the greater concepts behind the game itself -LRB- evolution , intelligent design , the impact of social , cultural and economic considerations on history and human development , and other far reaching concepts that sound a lot less pretentious when you 're just taking them in by osmosis xD -RRB- If you want to show your `` hardcore game-ness '' you can always play through the game and work out exactly where and how Will Wright has taken the deeper mechanics from Sim City , Sim Earth and his other classic games and turned them into a more usable , streamlined experience ; one in which their relevance is still understood and enjoyed but their complexity kept from unnecessarily intruding on the atmosphere of fun , creativity and exploration . You might find you appreciate it more.Rock , Paper Shotgun has a better way of looking at Spore which is pretty spot on for clarifying the problem with most of the early reviews from fans and professional reviewers . The early stages of the game may , upon later reflection , appear to be a lot less deep , complex or broad than first impressions -LRB- or expectations -RRB- precisely because the Creature Creator and other aspects of the gameplay are so enjoyable and can take a protracted amount of time . But ultimately , they 're not intended to be all that ` deep ' , per se - they 're there to introduce some of the core concepts gradually and to give you an attachment to your ` race ' and a more overarching and deeper understanding of how they 're built . The real game is in the end game - the Space Stage - at which point you discover that the game is ultimately a god-sim / strategy management game and the stages before have been preparing you for it . This , of course , only makes you want to go back and play it from the start later on , making different choices in the construction and nurturing of your character/creature/race . But if you 're a casual Casual Gamer ;-RRB- none of that matters anyway - you can just enjoy the stage of the game that gives you the most fun.Hopefully I 've been clear to anyone looking for a review of the game
 The mild entertainment value does not overshadow the horrible PITA that is the included DRM . Companies must learn that Digital Rights Management only seems to frustrate legitimate users , the pirates devise ways to crack the DRM . I spent more time installing this game than playing it .
 I was greatly looking forward to this game , but with the DRM - no thank you . EA drop the DRM and I 'm a customer in a New York minute .
 I bought as new in March this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and paid Amazon direct , an HTC Z Desire sim-free phone for 388.90 p. It 's been working fine until last Thursday when I was in London , it suddenly changed front screens without any action by me -LRB- or dropping it -RRB- and told me I was in Paris . On Friday , the screen failed all together . When I got into my car later that day , the blue tooth worked but still no screen on the phone . I have contacted Amazon who forwarded the e-mail to some company called ` DG supplies ' who say that they 're sorry but they only provide 3 months guarantee . Despite subsequent frequent attempts to contact Amazon to express my dissatisfaction at the treatment , I have met with no response . Has anyone any comments on 3 month guarantee being legal ? Has anyone any comments on that being appalling customer service by Amazon or will they wake up and look after a customer after all ?
 So I have several points to make regarding this game.The first is that because I do not use Windows , I am unable to play it . I was able to play the creature editor on a windows PC a while back , and that was a refreshing experience . But unfortunately I am unable to play it.Second is that IIRC the earlier Spores involved running around and eating things ? If that 's the case its positively beastly.Third , is procedural generation , while interesting I suppose , is not particularly revolutionary from a programming point of view.Now the kicker - they put DRM on it ? I 'm better off just doing a : sudo apt-get install 3dchess a7xpg abe abuse abuse-frabs abuse-libabuse-sfx ace-of-penguins acm acm4 adanaxisgpl adonthelladonthell-data airstrike airstrike-common alex4 alien-arenaalien-arena-browser alien-arena-server alienblaster allegro-demoallegro-demo-data amoeba-data amor amphetamine amphetamine-data anangband angband-doc angrydd animals antigravitaattori arkhart arkrpgarmagetron armagetron-common armagetron-server armagetronadarmagetronad-dedicated asc asciijump atanks atanks-data atlantikatlantik-dev atlantikdesigner atom4 atomix atris attalattal-themes-medieval balazar balazarbrothers balder2d barrage bastetbattleball bb beneath-a-steel-sky berusky billard-gl billard-gl-databiloba biloba-data black-box blast blinken bloboats blobwars blockadeblockattack bnetd bombardier bomberclone bomberclone-data bosonboson-data boson-music bouncy brickos-doc briquolo brutalchessbsdgames bsdgames-nonfree btanks btanks-data bugsquish bugsx bumpracebumprace-data burgerspace bygfoot bzflag bzflag-server castle-combatceferino celestia celestia-common celestia-glut celestia-gnomecelestia-kde cgoban childsplay-alphabet-sounds-cachildsplay-alphabet-sounds-de childsplay-alphabet-sounds-eschildsplay-alphabet-sounds-fr childsplay-alphabet-sounds-itchildsplay-alphabet-sounds-nl childsplay-alphabet-sounds-ptchildsplay-alphabet-sounds-ru childsplay-alphabet-sounds-sv chromiumchromium-data circuslinux circuslinux-data cl-cil cl-reversicodebreaker conquest conquest-data conquest-gl conquest-libsconquest-server corewars crack-attack crafty-books-mediumcrafty-books-medtosmall crafty-books-small crawl crimson criticalmasscriticalmass-data crossfire-client-gtk crossfire-client-gtk2crossfire-client-x11 crossfire-server csmash csmash-datacsmash-demosong cultivation cuyo cw cwcp cyphesis-cppcyphesis-cpp-clients cyphesis-cpp-mason dadadodo dangen dds dealdealer defendguin defendguin-data desmume deutex dodgindiamond2donkey-bolonkey doom-wad-shareware dopewars dosbox dossizoladossizola-data dreamchess droidbattles dvorak7min eboardeboard-extras-pack1 education-logic-games efp egoboo egoboo-dataeinstein emacs-chess emacs-chess-pieces empire empire-hub empire-lafeenemylines3 enemylines7 enigma enigma-data enigma-docenigma-level-previews epiphany epiphany-data etw etw-dataextremetuxracer-data extremetuxracer-dbg exult eyesappletfb-music-high fb-music-low fceu fcmp fgfs-base fifteenapplet fillerfillets-ng fillets-ng-data filters fkiss flight-of-the-amazon-queenflightgear floater flobopuyo flying foobillard fortune-mod fortune-zhfortunes fortunes-bg fortunes-bofh-excuses fortunes-br fortunes-csfortunes-de fortunes-debian-hints fortunes-eo fortunes-eo-asciifortunes-eo-iso3 fortunes-es fortunes-es-off fortunes-fr fortunes-gafortunes-it fortunes-it-off fortunes-mario fortunes-min fortunes-offfortunes-pl freeciv-client-gtk freeciv-client-sdl freeciv-client-xaw3dfreeciv-data freeciv-server freedoom freedroid freedroid-datafreedroidrpg freesci freesci-doc freesweep freetennisfreetennis-common fretsonfire fretsonfire-game frotz frozen-bubblefrozen-bubble-data fruit funnyboat gamazons gambit gambit-doc gaminegav gav-themes gbatnav gcompris gcompris-data gcompris-sound-dagcompris-sound-de gcompris-sound-es gcompris-sound-frgcompris-sound-it gcompris-sound-pt gcompris-sound-ru gearheadgeekcode geki2 geki3 gemdropx gfpoken ggz ghextris gl-117 glest glieseglob2 glotski glpuzzle gltron gmult gngb gniall gnoemoe gnomegnome-breakout gnome-chess gnome-games gnome-games-datagnome-games-extra-data gnome-hearts gnome-mastermind gnome-mudgnomekiss gnubg gnubik gnuchess gnuchess-book gnudoq gnugo gnujumpgnurobbo gnurobots gnushogi gnustep-games gomoku.app goplay gpe-gogpe-lights gpe-othello gpe-tetris gplanarity grande gravitywars greedgrhino gridlock.app groundhog gsalliere gsnes9x gsoko gtans gtetrinetgtkatlantic gtkballs gtkboard gtkpool gtypist gunroar gunroar-datagvr-lessons gweled gwp hannah hearse hedgewars heroes-commonheroes-data heroes-ggi heroes-sdl heroes-sound-effectsheroes-sound-tracks hex-a-hop hexxagon hoichess holotz-castleholotz-castle-data holotz-castle-milanb icebreaker infon-serverinfon-viewer inform-docs jester jumpnbump jumpnbump-levelsjunior-arcade junior-games-card junior-games-gl junior-games-netjunior-games-sim junior-games-text junior-puzzle junior-typing jzipkali kamefu kanagram kasteroids katomic kawari8 kbackgammon kballkbattleship kblackbox kbounce kcheckers kdegames kdegames-doc-htmlkenolaba ketm kfouleggs kgoldrunner khangman kjumpingcube klicketyklines kmahjongg kmines knetwalk knights kobodeluxe kodo kolf komikonquest koules kpat kpoker kq kq-data kraptor kreversi ksame kshisenksirtet ksmiletris ksnake ksokoban kspaceduel kstars kstars-dataksudoku ktouch ktron ktuberling ktux kweather kwin4 late lbreakout2lbreakout2-data lgc-pg lgeneral liballegro-doc libalogg-devlibarkrpg-dev libarkrpg0c2a libatlas-cpp-doc libchatbot-eliza-perllibclanlib-dev libdds-dev libfortune-perl libggtl2 libggtl2-devlibkdegames-dev libkdegames1 lightyears lincity lincity-nglincity-ng-data liquidwar liquidwar-data lletters lletters-medialondonlaw lordsawar lskat lsnipes ltris luola luola-data luola-levelsluola-nostalgy luxman madbomber madbomber-data mah-jong mancalamatanza mathwar matrem mazeofgalious mines.app mirrormagic mmucl moaggmonopd monster-masher monsterz moon-buggy moon-buggy-esd moon-landermoon-lander-data mu-cade mu-cade-data nethack-common nethack-consolenethack-el nethack-lisp nethack-qt nethack-spoilers nethack-x11netmaze netpanzer netris nettoe neverball neverputt nexuiznexuiz-music nexuiz-server nighthawk ninvaders njam ogamesim omega-rpgonscripter oolite open-invaders openarena openarena-dataopenarena-server opencity opendict-plugins-lingvosoft openrpg openttdorbital-eunuchs-sniper overgod overgod-data overkill pachi pachi-datapacman pacman4console pangzero papaya parsec47 passage pathogenpathological pcsx pcsx-bin penguin-command pengupop pennmushpennmush-mysql pente petris phalanx pinball pinball-data pinguspingus-data pioneers pioneers-ai pioneers-client pioneers-consolepioneers-help pioneers-meta-server pioneers-server-consolepioneers-server-data pioneers-server-gtk pipenightdreamspipenightdreams-data pipewalker pixfrogger planetpenguin-racerplanetpenguin-racer-data planetpenguin-racer-dbgplanetpenguin-racer-extras planets pokerth pokerth-data pokerth-serverpolyglot pong2 powermanga powermanga-data prboom purity purity-offpvpgn pybridge pybridge-common pybridge-server pychess pydancepydance-music pyracerz pysol pysol-sound-server pysol-sounds pysycachepython-poker-network python-pydds python-pygame pytris qgo qonk quarryrafkill rafkill-data realtimebattle realtimebattle-common renpy ri-lirockdodger rolldice rott rrootage sabre-common salliere sauerbratensauerbraten-data scorched3d scottfree scribble scummvm searchandrescuesearchandrescue-common sgt-puzzles shisen.app sillypoker simutranssimutrans-data simutrans-pak64 singularity sjeng slune smc snake4snes9x-x snowballz snowflake solarwolf sopwith space-orbitspace-orbit-common spacearyarya spellcast-doc spider ssystemstarfighter starfighter-data starplot starvoyager starvoyager-datastax stepbill.app stormbaancoureur stormbaancoureur-data stroq sudokusupertransball2 supertux supertux-data tama teamspeak-clientteamspeak-server tecnoballz tecnoballz-data teg tetrinet-clienttetrinet-server tetrinetx tf tf5 thrust tictactoe tint tintin + + tinymux tipptrainer tipptrainer-data-de tipptrainer-data-en titaniontoga2 tomatoes tome toppler torcs torus-trooper torus-trooper-datatrackballs trackballs-data trackballs-music transcend tremulous-servertrigger trophy trophy-data tumiki-fighters tumiki-fighters-datatuxmath tuxpaint-stamps-default tuxpuck tuxtype tworld typespeed uligoultrastar-ng ultrastar-ng-gstreamer ultrastar-ng-xine unixcw unmassuqm uqm-content val-and-rick vdr-plugin-freecell vdr-plugin-gamesvectoroids vgacardgames viruskiller visualboyadvance vodovod warsowwarsow-server wesnoth wesnoth-data wesnoth-ei wesnoth-htttwesnoth-music wesnoth-server wesnoth-sotbe wesnoth-trow whichwayisupwidelands wing wing-data wmpuzzle wmtictactoe wordplay wormuxwormux-data xaos xarchon xarchon-theme-default xasteroids xball xbatxbattle xbill xbl xblast xblast-tnt xblast-tnt-imagesxblast-tnt-levels xblast-tnt-mini xblast-tnt-models xblast-tnt-musicsxblast-tnt-sounds xboard xboing xbomb xbubble xbubble-data xchainxconq xconq-common xconq-doc xdemineur xdigger xemeraldia xevil xflipxfrisk xgalaga xgammon xinv3d xjewel xjig xjump xletters xlifexmabacus xmahjongg xmille xmoto xmpuzzles xoids xonix xpat2xpilot-extra xpilot-ng-client-sdl xpilot-ng-client-x11xpilot-ng-server xpilot-ng-utils xpuyopuyo xpuzzles xqf xracerxracer-tools xsabre xscavenger xscorch xshisen xshogi xskat xsok xsolxsoldier xtris xtron xtux xtux-client xtux-common xtux-levelsxtux-server xvier xwelltris xzip yics zatacka zblast-data zblast-x11zec zivot
 This is a good game . I give it 4/5 for the content of the game itself.Though not many people many agree with evolution , but being able to create from sketch a civilization is the first of its kind and the idea that this game stands for is a major creativity breakthrough that has been so lacking in game published recently -LRB- most of the most profitable games are sequels ... COD4 , GTA4 , etc -RRB- This game definitely puts the innovations from Will Wright 's simulation series into people 's mind , again.While not mind-blowing , the graphic of the game is itself sufficient to present the structure of the game flawlessly.All the goods , however , does n't make one poor decision of EA . It is obviously that the publisher is having a lot of loses because of piracy . However , EA should understand from a legit buyer 's perspective that the toll of piracy should not be migrated to legit buyers , especially with the adoption of a possibly `` made-legal '' spyware securom .
 Spore is one of the most groundbreaking games in recent history . Although the basic premise behind it is rather simple -LRB- experiencing evolution through several stages of life -RRB- , it gives players an unprecedented level of creative freedom . Unfortunately , there 's one thing that players have absolutely no control over
 The DRM system being used in this game is an utter deal breaker and ruins an otherwise solid title by abusing the good faith relationship between a paying customer and publisher .
 Between my desktop and laptop I would only be able to install Spore onto 1 more configuration before my $ 50 usage fee is used up . I 'm not a fan of renting games , I like to own things I pay good hard earned money for . After doing some more research on the suspicious 3rd party software that `` manages '' my Spore directory -LRB- which is n't even truly installed onto my hard drive -RRB- I decided to purchase Stardock 's DRM free Sins of a Solar Empire instead.I was really looking forward to Spore , but I wo n't be missing anything special .
 The game is so so I found it fun when I played it but after I got used to it and found myself not playing it anymore I wanted to sell it . . I did ... now I am going to get low ratings and or put some poor buyer through uneccissary crap because I have to get a return and they dont get to play the game unless i give my EA account username and password . EA should be ashamed . I sould be able to resell a game i buy from them . I will NEVER buy another game from anyone game company that tries to use DRM or this rediculas registeration stunt ... The game itself is fun but playing it will make me madd now!If I ever play it at all again ...
 This game is flawed and too dumbed-down . EA , Maxis , and Will Wright laid a rotten egg with Spore . The game is so boring and simplified . The first 2 stages were okay . However , the later stages are just moronic and tedious.In addition , this game is DRM infested . There is something called SecuROM which limits you to 3 installs , ever ! That is right ... 3 install EVER ! You are not buying this game , you are only renting with this type of DRM . The customer gets screwed again!Do not support Maxis or EA for screwing gamers over with shallow and uninspiring gameplay and horrible DRM.SPORE is way overhyped !
 I wanted to like this game . It just simply does n't work for me . The initial start of the game was interesting and entertaining as you are a single celled creature attempting to advance and develop . Relatively entertaining arcadish game play in trying to avoid other creatures.Once I ` advanced ' to a land creature the game just ground to a halt as far as entertainment value is concerned . You basically run to other creatures , hit buttons to ` sing ' or ` dance ' or 'em ote ' or ` whatever ' and they do the same thing back to you . And you do this again , and again , and again , and again , and ... well , you get the idea . It got to the point where I 'd rather have a root canal on my molar than keep this up . I gave up , and dropped the game .
 I bought spore , and the game immediately proceeded to kick me repeatedly downstairs . My unborn first born child is also missing.Meanwhile my neighbor pirated the game , and is now enjoying it along with the cheerleading team that came included with the cracked version.Seriously , why does EA punish customers who pay for the game in good faith , while anyone who obtains a pirated version has zero hassle ? This makes no sense ! Say no to this ridiculous DRM .
 I was considering buying this game despite the fact EA had a hand in it ... . I had even vowed to never play another EA game years ago but thought maybe they had seen the error of their ways and began to respect the paying customer ... Looks like I was wrong and am glad I came across these reviews ... . I will continue my boycott on EA .
 I 've been looking forward to this game for years . Shame it 's absolutely crippled by DRM that does nothing to reward people ` buying ' it -LRB- quote marks because 3 installs is not buying software - it 's renting -RRB- . All the DRM does is give people a reason to download the pirated version.EA = chumps .
 If you do n't know by now ... This game was a bomb.The most interesting parts came from creating the creatures.You 'll find yourself bored to tears wandering around and evolving.Its like 5 mini-games bunched up to make one larger game.Try another SIMs title .
 In my free time I have a rotation of games that I will play when I tire of other ones . Currently , I 'll play LOTRO , I 'll get bored of that , then I 'll play Oblivion , or Mass Effect ... I get bored of that and I 'll play Sims 2 or Spore . Sometimes I 'll dust off much older games for older consoles ... but those are the games I play most frequently these days.Spore is a decent game if you 're looking to relax , kill some time and play around with civilizations . It has many different games incorporated into it . Mostly , it is repetative ... it can get tedious , and it wo n't deliver too many thrills . Still , it 's fun to me on occasion . I 've always loved games involved with building civilizations , or God games ... it 's a good way to relax and unwind and still be aware of your REAL surroundings . Spore fits that discription . While it is a mix , for the most part you are building , watching , protecting , and launching attacks . It goes that route from cell stage to space stage . There are plenty of tasks to do from warfare , to relic hunting , to terraforming planets and putting spice-selling colonies on them . It does have its fun , but it is n't for everyone . It 's a slow paced sit-and-drink-coffee sort of game.I enjoy the graphics and flying to any panet I wish .
 DRM is too much of a hinderance . Bittorrent is just easier . I have the money but one install method sucks and the other does n't . Which would you pick ?
 THis game is simply NOT FUN . Nuthin fun about it . Its not even fun in a cute graphic way like playin DS Dogs its just crap .
 Spore ... The game that was developed for a decade and promised to revolutionize the way we think of interacting with user generated worlds.It simply does not deliver this experience . While many of the creature and building creation tools are fun and interesting the game play is very lackluster . Most systems are highly repetitive and there is little reward past the creature stage for any well planned evolution of your creature . You 're hyper carnivore can easily become a tree-hugging hippie in tribal with no consequences , nor do you have any advantage at combat . The same is true for the reverse situation.Very simply , it feel like the stunning revolution we were promised is a world stunningly empty of content . There is no good AI to creatures you share worlds with , no rich ecosystems develop . It feel like a combination of free internet flash games tied together by innovations in procedural animation techniques.This is simply unfortunate .
 It is a great game so far , but it is unnecessary to sell us a handicapped product because you are afraid someone is going to hack it . People are going to hack it either way . Do n't make everyone pay for it .
 I had pre-ordered Spore and I have it un-opened . A few friends got together yesterday and we opened and tried to install the game and see how bad the DRM is . I have a comment on this . My kids and I play AOE and lost of other games that are over 3 years old and have be installed many times . Will you be able to activate spore 3 years from now or even 2 years from now ? Also if you upgrade components or build new systems as I do for the kids mostly and are re-installing how will this affect me?Well the activation failed the first time so we figured no biggy we will try another and that was successful . He has 3 Desktops and a laptop in the family and decided he would like it on his laptop and 2 Desktops so his kids could play it . We had installed in on the Desktop , we then installed it on the second desktop and that worked okay . We again got a crash on launch the first time.Note these are relatively clean Windows XP machines . They have no problems with other gamesWe decided to install on the laptop and that went better , but then the activation failed and told us to call . Now mind you we have it installed on 2 systems and this is the 3rd . The phone call to EA to 2 hours to get through and get the new activation . The time with rep was over 35 minutes for the person to get approval.The conclusion is the 3 of us chipped in for his copy and we are all returning are copies to amazon -LRB- unopened -RRB-
 When I saw all the negative reviews of this game I was n't surprised.Firstly , a black mark to Amazon to only sending out my pre-ordered game on the release day , not sending it out so that I could actually have it on the release day.They need n't have bothered - I ca n't get the game to install.I 've had no end of trouble trying to play it , in fact I ca n't even get an opening screen . In fact , the only sign of the game is an `` EA Downloader '' icon , which brings up a window that does n't do anything , even though I have already given them my e-mail address and a password.I went on the EA help site and I could n't find anything to help . I have been working on personal computers for 20 years and on mainframes for nearly 20 years before that . I have the game manual -LRB- which holds a serial number , presumably genuine -RRB- and the Prima guide , and neither of them are any use.I do n't know what else to do . Maybe I 'll find a solution on the web someday , but in the meantime spending money to run a perfectly legal copy has got me absolutely nothing .
 Great fun game but my last EA purchase because of DDRM ! Dumb DRM ... Spore 's draconian copy protection ... it not only counts installations , but changes to your hardware ! Upgrade a system component -LRB- memory , CPU , vid card -RRB- and you are out an installation . The way the restrictions are enforced would be described as malware if it was n't a big name company behind it . Without any notice , it installs software that checks to see what programs are running -LRB- you can not run a virtual CD program and then Spore , even if you have shut down the virtual CD program -RRB- . This code hides from all the normal ways of listing and shutting down processes , and it 's not automatically uninstalled if you uninstall the game , and if you use the instructions given out to uninstall SecuROM , it only partially uninstalls ... the reinstalls itself on the next reboot . This should be illegal hacking ... maybe it is !!!
 Rediculous DRM makes this game more of a rental than a purchse.I dont pay 50 dollars to rent a game from EA.EA has officially lost a customer for good .
 There is the nasty DRM . But let 's say you are willing to accept that . What kind of game awaits you?The best part about this game can be summed up in three words
 You know , I wanted to buy this game because it sounded interesting . I wanted to support a developer and studio that were doing something different , and pushing the envelope a little . So , I bought a copy.I wish I 'd researched the DRM a little more . I wish I 'd waited to see what the final product was like . It 's an okay game so far . There 's a lot of possibilities to it . But I 'm tremendously unhappy about the copy protection.Only 3 installs - ever . So , if I get a virus that corrupts my OS , and then decide that I want to upgrade my machine - that will be my three installs . If something happens after that , I wo n't be able to reinstall.And what do they mean , only one user account per install ? Why ca n't I and my partner have different accounts ? We have completely different styles of play , and I want my account to have ONLY my creatures in it . But if I want that , I have to pony up another $ 50 for the privilege . I do n't think so.EA , you had a great opportunity here . I understand that you 're trying to maximize your sales . Stop jumping over dollars to pick up nickels . You 've destroyed the majority of the goodwill that had been built up of the 3 + years of development for this game . You 've pissed me off so much that it 's going to make me NOT buy any more of your games.Well done .
 DRM issues aside , this game just was n't that fun . Other reviewers have said it better - I 'll just add that I never finished the game , and ca n't imagine playing it more than once .
 Pro * color graphics * interesting characters * fast shipping from amazon ... Con * Security feature . I do not have internet and if I buy the game I should be able to own it , not rent it . * The game is dumbed down way too much in almost all aspects . It strives to be an RTS but fails , civ builder but fails , etc. etc. . It needs to make up its mind what it wants to be in each stage and expand upon it . Right now its like just a sample flavor of what that genre is but leaves you desiring a whole lot more . * Evolution is pointless . Also you should see the other animals evolve with you but at each stage they do not carry over.I 'd avoid this software like the plague until two things happen :1 -RRB- The re-release the software with a patch that eliminates the DRM feature2 -RRB- The software is discounted to 29.95 $ or less
 What a disappointment that Will Wright , a genius in the computer gaming industry , fell prey to DRM . I will not be buying this product until it is DRM-free , which it will inevitably be after EA realizes the mistake they made . Why should EA tell me what I can do with a product after I 've already bought it ?
 Unstable , keeps crashing my PC . I 'd blame my PC but hundreds of other games play fine . Even when I get to play it a little , it 's boring and uninspired . What a waste of time and money . Plus I 'm hearing things about DRM issues . I 'm going to try to return it .
 I have been looking forward to Spore ever since I heard that it was in development . I have grown up with Will Wright 's games , including SimCity , SimLife , SimCity 2000 , and the Sims franchise . I think Wright is one of the most brilliant game creators , and Spore seemed to be a culmination of all of the best Maxis games.So , like many people , I downloaded the free trial of the creature creator program . Free trial . It was pretty fun for a while . Imagine my disappointment when I learned that the program had DRM software . A * free trial * had copy protection software . I found the SecuROM file in my dll folder , and I tried to follow online instructions to remove it but to no avail . Even after uninstalling the trial , SecuROM remains on my system . I just reinstalled Windows and all of my programs a few months ago , and it seems like I would have to do it all over again if I want to get rid of SecuROM.I have had some issues with my antivirus program since then . Whether or not it is related , I do n't know , but this is the first time in years I have had problems with my antivirus . And apparently , SecuROM causes issues with CD/DVD burners , and can make it impossible to even play the game that it came with!It should be illegal to sneak software like this onto a game.The worst part of this is , it will not stop piracy . People who engage in piracy will find a way around EVERY security program . In addition , the side effects of SecuROM will make paying customers want to download pirated versions just to play their game , and it will make people like me never want to buy an EA game again.The Sims and The Sims 2 were among the bestselling games of all time , even without SecuROM , and even with pirated versions available .
 What 's wrong with Spore ? Terrible game for many reasons mentioned below .1 -RRB- evolution is pretty much pointless , like comments from other user . It does n't matter what path you take - its just cutesy graphics . This game is Pokemon with less strategy .2 -RRB- Blown release . This was due to ship ... years ago . When there are `` production delays '' like this , run away with your money intact . You work too hard for it , do n't you ? 3 -RRB- EA = absolutely terrible company - fires its employees on games not destined to sell anyway -LRB- its not the QA 's fault they put him on Lee Carvalho 's Golf Challenge -RRB- , its employees had to sue EA because it was such a sweatshop ... YES , 80 + hour workweeks endlessly is sweatshop when you 're on a finite salary ... now this . Was n't the EA/MAXIS SPORE team calling the Nintendo Wii junk that would n't sell a couple years ago?My Nintendo stock gave EA the critical beatdown.EA is a really bad company . Oh , and Spore comes with DRM.BOYCOTT EA
 The game is defective by design because it uses Digital Restriction Menagment -LRB- DRM -RRB- scheme called `` SecuROM '' which prevents you from installing legally obtained copy more than three times .
 This was one of the few games I was eagerly anticipating and ready to order at full price . Not with this level of DRM , I wo n't .
 I was originally planning to pre-order Spore but I changed my mind after being informed of its implementation of the SecuROM service . Obviously , this has done nothing on the anti-piracy front , as the game was leaked anyway and is now available in its DRM-free entirety to pirates everywhere . Legitimate customers are left with a game equipped with `` protection '' that has a history of conflicting with system processes , various types of software and even one 's CD/DVD drives -LRB- which in my opinion should be the main concern here but the number of installations allowed being restricted to three is still a big issue -RRB- . As many have stated before , the fact of the matter is that the DRM has actually encouraged piracy of this game!As for the actual game , several aspects have been `` dumbed down '' or have been left out completely . Spore does have its moments but overall , the game does NOT live up to the hype . One can only speculate that expansion packs are on the way , which means more money to be shoveled out . And then of course , the DRM just makes the situation that much worse .
 Spore has offered excellent innovation , design , and creative control over its environments . Although the mid point of the game does bog down at times , overall , from cellular to space age Spore stands to deliver.That being said , the DRM encryption that is bundled with the Spore software limits you to only 3 installs . If you 've already purchased the game , you can call EA from your knees and beg for 1 extra install , but you are still essentially renting the game , not owning it . Under no market price is it acceptable to restrict users in such a disgraceful fashion.For those of you still interested in buying it , please understand : - taking the CD out of the box and installing the game counts as 1 install-installing the game on your laptop and your desktop -LRB- or 2 desktops within your home -RRB- counts as 2 installs-upgrading any of your hardware that requires reinstallation or re-activation also counts as 1 install , even if it is on the same machine as you originally installed it.-if your files become corrupted and you need to repair/reinstall , that also eats away at one of the measly 3 installs you are given with the game.I strongly recommend that you do not waste your money on this insult to the legal , loyal , legitament consumers .
 Spore is an innovative and visually stunning game . The early stages of the game are clearly engineered to make you get attached to your creatures so by the time you get to the later -LRB- and much more interesting -RRB- stages , you have more of an investment in your little interstellar empire . However , none of the the stages in the game are especially complex and wo n't tax a hard-core gamer.Sadly the game is crippled by the ridiculous DRM scheme that limits the number of installs you can make . Many users will legitimately find themselves stuck with an unplayable game after making changes or buying a new computer . The rationale for this awful DRM is hard to understand - it punishes legitimate customers , yet pirates are absolutely unaffected . This is a big reason NOT to buy this game until a patch is available that disables the DRM.On the plus side , Windows and Mac binaries are both on the same disc .
 All the messageboards commenting on the game are discussing the issue - and most everyone realizes that they tend to move games from machine to machine over the years , or at least are forced to reinstall windows enough that a 3 install limit is FAR too limited a deal . Oh , and uninstalling the software anecdotally does NOT appear to give you ` back ' installs of the game so far.I 've worked making software protection schemes on occasion - from encrypted dongles with ` click counters ' to sequentially mutating upgrade codes linked to custom hardware to send customers to extend licenses , all to make sure software was limited in terms of what users could do with it under license . This is one limit that really is too far for honorable customers.The biggest suspicion is that all this was done to minimize the chance and value of the reselling the game . I can see that perspective ... but if it 's at the cost of actually selling the game in the first place , or of pissing off future customers , they 've made a terrible mistake .
 i preordered this game and it is on its way to me from Amazon . I heard many things about the pre-release version , but none of those reviews said it would come with a rootkit that resided on your system and monitored you . i 'm not even breaking the shrinkwrap . in fact , i 'm not even opening the amazon carton - oops , i might have to just to make sure it 's just spore in there . well , anyway . I 'm sending it back , unplayed , uninstalled , unopened . nothing like this is coming anywhere near any system of mine . and as for three reinstalls only - who do these people think they are ? do they not understand that people might get viruses sometimes , or a new computer , or something other than be thieves ? for god sakes . this really makes me sick . frankly , I do n't think a reputable retailer such as Amazon should be associated with this kind of practice .
 I would 've purchased this game via amazon . Heard a lot of good things about it . But i will not be buying it due to the ridiculous DRM EA implemented . I want to purchase my games ... not rent them.No thanks .
 My 2 kids were looking forward to buying this game . After reading the tepid reviews I hesitated but finally caved in . I bought the game yesterday from a store but after learning about DRM , I am returning the un-opened box.While I can understand EA 's concern about controlling piracy , this is completely the wrong way to go about it . Packing the limited installs , the `` Big Brother watching '' , the activation , having `` malware '' software install on my machine , is too much considering that I am paying $ 50 on top for it !! It was hard explaining this to the kids , but they were familiar with viruses , and they agreed that Dad would be crazy to buy a virus software for $ 50 - a `` small '' virus in early stages probably but a virus nonetheless .
 Well , I thought of buying the game , until I saw all the reviews of the DRM being used . Just what I need on my computer - more useless programs that do n't do anything for me . Having had a few bad experience with the `` call to move application to another computer '' type of DRM , I do n't by that type of software anymore .
 Came to this site to do a quick One-Click buy . Was SHOCKED to see all the single star reviews !!! After dealing with some of Blizzard 's high-handed antics in WOW I swore off any game/game company that has BS limitations . I pay my money , the game is mine to do as I will . I wo n't copy it for friends or sell it or do anything to cost the company a dime , but the software is MINE to do with as I please.Our house has 2 laptops , 2 XP screamer PCs I handbuilt and a Mac.If I own the game I should be able to install it on anything I want.No way in HELL am I shelling out $ 50 - let alone $ 80 -LRB- I like collector editions -RRB- to effectively rent software . As for calling the company and throwing myself on their tender mercies - fuggitaboutdit . My experience with that sort of thing has always been a purgatorian wait on the 1-800 number followed by arguing with a young moron who 's obviusly annoyed at me interupting their day of texting friends with my insipid requests for customer service.If they pop the top on the installs and get shed of the Malware installs , I 'll buy this puppy . Short of that , when the urge strikes to create a space-faring civilization I 'll dust off my copies of MOO and MOO 2 . I KNOW they 'll always work !
 The most important thing you need to know about Spore -LRB- tm -RRB- is that EA has decided you can only install it 3 times , ever , without calling to personally ask their permission . If you ever upgrade your computer , change operating systems , switch to a larger hard drive , have some of your hardware fail , or whatever else may happen , you have just lost one of those installs . If installation hangs midway through , you 've lost one of those installs too , so you could be begging on the phone with EA the very day you get the game.If you buy online with EA Download manager , then as an added bonus all reinstallations must be done within 6 months of the original purchase , unless you enjoy paying for your game again . So in that case you can really forget about upgrading your computer entirely.In short , EA wants to rent you their games , but charge full retail price .
 my brother and I were really looking forward to this game but We 're not buying the Rights Management BS . Read carefully before you buy and do your research . SecuROM and 3 max activation is unacceptable .
 I do n't have to go in to great detail why I 'm giving a 1 star , since it has been done so 1800 times !
 Be aware ! This purchase is a rental ! EA needs to stop treating it 's customers as criminals!My EA boycott starts NOW!Not 1 Cent !
 Spore is one of my biggest regrets ever , complete waste of money . When I finally got past the DRM to register it I found that the game is completely boring , not at all addictive and more like a toy for a toddler than anything else . Hopefully I can unregister the game to offload it onto an auction site before it hits the 5 dollar bargain bin .
 I was ready to buy spore this morning after waiting what seems like years for its release , that was until I saw it was crippled by DRM.I 'm staying well clear!Why do you PUNISH people who buy the game - when you know a cracked DRM free version will be on pirate websites in a matter of weeks !
 Unacceptable DRM . I will not purchase this game , or any other game with such draconian requirements just to be able to play it .
 I 've been looking forward to spore for years now . I was all set to spend my hard-earned money . After reading about the anti-consumer practices enacted by EA , I have determined to take my money elsewhere . DRM has one result . The punishing of legitimate users . People of `` quetionable '' morals have no problem circumventing these security measures , and it 's only those who want to abide by the law that suffer.Thanks , but no thanks EA , I 'm off to play Transport Tycoon -LRB- you see , I can still play it even years later -RRB-
 I WAS so excited about the release of this game . I WAS going to buy it . I even recommend the game to all my friends and raved about it . Now that I learned that it is DRM riddled , forget it !!! EA you have just lost another customer with your DRM silliness . I get to keep $ 50.00 or spend it on something else that I get to keep and not just rent . I will also tell people that they are not buying a game , they are just renting a game for the full price of a game . Satisfied customers will tell one person , angry customers tell ten . Keep that in mind EA .
 I may have bought this game if it were n't for EA 's absurd DRM schemes . Now I have vowed never to buy Spore or any EA game until this travesty is resolved . This is the cancer killing PC games and there is no arguing this fact .
 apple had to format my computer -LRB- windows -RRB- after spore -LRB- SecuROM -RRB- made it not boot any more ... $ 50 game + $ 200 repare bill ... no star pos
 I have yet to understand why a publisher would use such cumbersome and horrid DRM when the customer plainly stated they did not want it before the game was even released . I will not be recommending this game to anyone due to the horrific DRM issues . Thanks EA for ruining what would have been an awesome game .
 I came here to buy Spore and was really surprised to see the 1-star ratings . But I 'm glad I did . I 've had it with DRM , and because of that I wo n't be buying Spore .
 I have been waiting for this game since I saw the youtube demo a year or so ago . But it sounds like this DRM thing is just terrible .
 I most likely would have purchased this game . Goodness knows I 've dropped $ 50 a couple dozen times over the past year . But always when I drop $ 50 I am dropping $ 50 to PURCHASE a game . In no case would I have dropped $ 50 to RENT a game . This case is no different . And with the triple bonus of ongoing Internet activation and a rootkit to boot ? Not a chance . Thanks a lot , EA - I had been looking forward to this game .
 Mediocre game you rent on a continuous basis . SecuROM + * call-home * features make this a perfect blunder .
 I would n't even mind the internet requirement for authentication , if EA paid for my internet . As it is now though , $ 50 for this is a giant ripoff . I 'd pay maybe $ 3 -LRB- three -RRB- for this . Limiting to three installs is pointless anyway , and it does n't even stop pirates.As for the game itself , it 's just more Sims style customizing and managing of brain dead drones that ca n't go to the bathroom in less than a half hour unless you focus all of your brain power on them every nanosecond of the time . There is more gameplay in the phone tag you 'd have to play with EA to get this game installed , and legitimately at that .
 Bought this game for my 9 year old son and installed it on his Mac Mini . The game played fine for days then all of a sudden got a license server error . I researched the problem and it was related to the parental controls . After I got the game running again all of his Spore creations were completely gone ! Other than that the game play is cool and fun for a young player . I played on his computer for a little while and could not get into it . He loves it and that is all that counts since I bought it for him in the first place .
 The DRM in this game is thievery on the part of EA . After three installs you have the privilege of calling EA to fight for the right to play a game you 've already purchased for $ 50 . Steal this on Bittorrent , send them a message .
 When I first discovered that spore was coming out I was so excited . Even the videos I saw on youtube etc demonstrating it looked good . But once I got it , I was at the space phase in a matter of hours ! The game is such a great idea but goes way too fast , it appears they cut out a lot of good stuff I saw in the preview videos . You should be able to build the whole planet like sim city . but the cities you create on this game are so dumb you can do nothing with it . Not to mention any building you create is going to look really dumb . And once you get to the space phase it 's like a never ending snooze fest . I even bought the creature creator thing before it was released i was so excited . Once I got the game , total disappointment . Do n't buy it ! Maybe wait until spore 2 !!
 The game isnt what i thought it would be . I didnt even make it to space mode . Wish i could have my 40 bucks back .
 DRM was a bad choice for EA.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.You might as well now download it for free and play it without the DRM
 The game
 I , too , have eagerly awaited this game since I first heard about it more than a year ago.However , I will not spend money to purchase any software that tries to device what I may do with my own computer . This game automatically installs SecuROM on your box , and SecuROM wo n't allow you to install the software more than three times . Beyond that , you need to call EA and ask them to continue to allow you to use the software you 've already payed for.Treating paying customers like thieves ensures that this game wo n't be one of your paying customers . Screw SecuROM , screw DRM , screw EA , and ultimately , screw Spore . Sorry , Will Wright , I 'll stick with buying software from companies that do n't treat me like a thief .
 Spore is a game I 've been looking forward to a while . I 've been a fan of the Sim-series games from EA , but the activation scheme required by this game is absolutely draconian , and I will have no part in supporting it . I 'll go without , thank you very much .
 Draconian DRM . 3 installs and you 're done . How many times have you installed SimCity on your PC in all the years you 've owned it ? I 've lost count but it 's certainly more than 3 . Do not ` rent ' this over hyped game that falls short of any expectations you may have for it.Buy Sword of the Stars instead , it has the space stage that 's the real meat of Spore 's strategy gameplay and has no DRM .
 3 or 4 stars , maybe . 5 , no way , except in possibly a few rare exceptions . I am writing this review for 3 reasons ; I am an Amazon customer , I played the full version of this game and someone from EA will be paid to read these and report to a board or officer or similar at EA . Pure gameplay , 4.5 stars . Replayability , 2 stars . Graphics , physics & sound , 5 + + stars -LRB- amazing representation of stuff YOU build ! -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Like many reviewers here I came to Amazon tonight to purchase Spore ; after reading about the DRM and `` dumbing down '' of the game I 've decided not to . Maybe EA and the games industry will take some notice of the number of reviewers who would have purchased the game and have changed their minds - we are a very small percentage of the actual number of lost customers .
 It 's a shame EA has ruined this game with their horrible DRM software that will only allow the game to be installed 3 times before you must contact EA to be able to install the game you rightfully purchased again .
 Game was so boring that I only made it to the tribal stage before giving up . This was hyped as the most grand and ambitious game ever made , yet the actual gameplay is really simplistic , not fun , and not intuitive to comprehend . I actually had to read a walkthrough to understand what the heck I am suppose to do to get the silly gestures right in order to advance . Yet despite the boring simplistic gameplay , the overall design feels a lot more annoyingly complicated than it should . No wonder the price for this game has already plummeted . The game just is n't that good .
 I received this game as a gift . I was excited by all the hype , of course , as I am an avid fan of The Sims , SimCity , and Civilization . Yet , when playing this game , it fails so badly that I feel like my gifter was ripped off ! -LRB- I do n't have the heart to tell her , though . -RRB- Basically , the game touches on a fantastic concept
 After seeing much of the hype I was prepared to purchase this title . I waited because I was in the middle of another game . I am very glad I waited . Amazon is a great site to be able to see the reviews and after reading many of them here I will not buy the game . I am really do n't like the DRM protection and have never been a big fan of EA . With that in mind I will not purchase this game .
 I had high hopes for this game when I read about it a year or so ago . It could have been the next generation of game . Unfortunately the publisher , Electronic Arts , decided to implement a draconian digital rights management scheme . In short you can only rent the game.Perhaps if the consumer speaks loudly enough others will learn that DRM costs more sales than it protects . Do not treat your paying customers as criminals .
 I 've been excited about this game for years . I will reconsider when EA reconsiders forcing people to rent uses . Sigh . .
 I have a PC and a laptop , and my pc gets reformatted without exception every 6 months , so even though I have this game , I 'm only allowed to play it for 6 months before I run out of licenses . No thanks .
 Spore is protected by the DRM system . This means that the game will ONLY run if it is activated online . You only get three activations.At first , this may not seem like an issue to most . Yet , it is important to be aware that if you reformat your computer more then three times , you will not be able to install this game . Also , try to think into the future . If you pull this game out of your attic four or five years down the road and decide that you want to play it again , you had better hope that EA 's activation system is still in operation or you will not be able to install the game.Will EA 's online activation system be in operation in five years ? Maybe it will , but are you sure of it?The point is that you are renting this game . Your rental period is three installations , then your rental period is over . If this does not bother you then by all means `` buy '' this game.I however will not pay $ 50 for a game that I will not in actuality own.I would imagine that if you are the type of person that tires of games quickly then this game would be good for you . Yet , if you are like me and enjoy replaying games years after the initial purchase , then you may want to think twice about purchasing this game .
 Brand new game and it just gives errors about `` not working with vista '' . Returned game . Ill buy something that works .
 The DRM sounds draconian . The game is not worth looking at until the DRM is gone .
 I was utterly excited about this game until I found out about the DRM requirements . EA treating me like a criminal?No thank you.I 'll wo n't even consider purchasing this title until EA wises up and removes the DRM . I upgrade and reinstall way too often to even think about purchasing a game that restricts me to such a paltry number of installations/activations .
 Pretty much uninstallable for me . It seems to have a viral DRM scheme that does n't play nice with my anti-virus regime . Too bad the game sounds fun but destroying my computer for one game is just not worth it . Give this one a miss .
 I have never been so excited over a game release as I was over this one . And I have never been so disappointed at the final product . The absurd digital rights management imposed on this game is insulting . I will not be purchasing this product .
 The games I buy have long shelf lives . I still play games like The Incredible Machine , Loom , Sim City 2000 , Civilization II , and Final Fantasy VII -LRB- from back when Eidos was distributing it for PC . Remember that !? -RRB- on a regular basis . I think Spore has the potential to be that sort of long-lasting game.But I 've lost count of the times I 've upgraded or replaced my computer since I started playing those older games . What would have happened to them if I had only been able to install them three times !? With a three-install limit , Spore would n't last me much more than a year or two much less the decade these other great games have . Sorry , I 'm not signing on to a game with a built-in expiration date .
 It 's hard to see how a game with DRM like EA has infested on Spore could ever be worth more than one star .
 The game itself is fun . The same sort of fun playing with a retarded kitten is
 Spore , although an alright game , has horrific DRM and this ruins the game . End of story .
 This is n't a game , it 's an abortion . Amazon recommends writing what I would have liked to know before buying the game . How about DRM that cripples my system and makes me feel like a Japanese schoolgirl in an adult anime , or the american people after Dubya got through with us ? Or the limit to the number of times I can reformat my hard-drive and re-install the game . I bought the stupid game ! Why does that make me a bad person ?
 I refuse to purchase this game , I was looking forward to it , but after reading about the absolute b.s. of the install and the downright MALWARE they install ... absolutely no way.Congrats EA on ruining what would have been a great sale . I really hope others do n't pay for this .
 I saw this game coming and I thought this will be cool because I have loved Rome Total War , Age of Empires , and a few other games like that so I thought wow going from microbe to Space would be cool but the first issue was the DRM . I had issues with the game play too as it feels to much like a little kids game.Do not buy this game as you are not buying it as much as you are renting it from EA . Could be fun game if cost was $ 30 or $ 40 and the DRM was gone or at least paired back a lot . EA has killed the game and Wil Wright you should be mad at EA for doing this to a game that could have done so well.I also bought Spore for the iPhone and I have to say it is an ok game but needs a lot of work . Way to much crashing . After 1 hour of playing the game on the iPhone it crashed like 4 times back to the home screen .
 I will not buy this game . The DRM requirement is an insult . I buy about a dozen games as year , but I will not add this game to that list . EA you have lost a customer . I refuse to purchase any product sporting this draconian `` anti piracy '' measure.I ask all consumer out there to boycott EA until they stop treating their customer like potential criminals.Shame on you EA !!!
 When I finally installed this game , and my hard-drive crashed . Now I have used up two installs , and I have already received a message saying that I did not have the correct disc in the drive -LRB- a reboot fixed this -RRB- . Very disappointing ; DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 Having been burned by DRM in the past -LRB- I 've had to use cracks on games I PURCHASED because of DRM compatibility issues -RRB- I support and will take part in this boycott . DRM does NOT prevent or punish piracy , but it does punish those who buy the game ! The game was already available in the pirate channels before the release , so the DRM has failed and is now pointless . I 'm thrilled to see this backlash against EA and DRM because if customers do n't speak up they will continue this bad behavior and not connect the dots as to why sales are not as high as they expected .
 I hate to pile on , but I wanted to make sure that no one else goes through the hassle that I did with the download version of Spore . I ponied up my money and waited forever for a download link to arrive -- it never did.The combo of the absurd DRM and the 3-day wait for a software download purchased over the net make this perhaps the worst game release I have ever witnessed . The publisher 's predatory attitude toward consumer rights is unacceptable and I would encourage anyone who reads this to avoid all EA products until such time as they stop installing malware on customers ' computers .
 I 'm sick of the intrusive DRM that EA in particular continues to inflict on those of us who just want to buy and play a game.I bought Sims 2 recently and did n't install it after I realized that the version I bought was all SecuROM-ed up.Likewise , I would n't buy and install Spore unless I had a spare computer just for it and other hosed up SecuROM games . And although I have lots of computers lying around , usually only one of them at a time is state of the art . I use my machine for too many other things that are actually important.If I could install Spore with a minimally intrusive DRM like what Direct2Drive uses , I 'd already be playing it . But , EA , thanks but no thanks . And Will Wright , sorry , I do n't know why you are joined at the hip with EA , but maybe you should become un-joined someday .
 I have no idea why gaming publishers think they can get away with charging full price for a product that self-destructs after 3 installs . A good rule of thumb should be $ 1 per install . On that basis , this game is overpriced by about forty-seven dollars .
 Does not matter how fun the game is , the DRM removes any enjoyement . the DRM software and hidden OS changes make the game unplayable do to damage to your O/S . I have uninstalled and thrown out other games , X2 & X3 , do the O/S damaging DRM app the applications tryed to install to my PC .
 I have been dealing with EA support for the last few weeks because I bought battlefield and due to the DRM it does not work . They keep sending me cookie-cutter type solutions that do n't work and do n't address the issue . It has been such a ridiculous experience there is absolutely no way i will buy anything from EA again , no matter how great the game is . I really want to support game developers by paying for games , they definitely deserve it , but if they keep publishing through EA I will have to resort to piracy . Not a threat , just a sad fact .
 DRM is an obscenity and I ca n't buy the game in good conscience because of it .
 I have been very excited for this release . It has been my most anticipated game the past few years . However , since finding out about the DRM requirements , I have decided not to buy . Thanks to all the other comments bringing this issue to light .
 SoI herd sum thingsI herd you like DRMudkipzMost people have said it better . SecuROM and the DRM are pointless.They already had a great way to protect the game by making it only 1 customer account linked per CD key . Since the biggest part of Spore is the online content that should be enough to get people to buy it.Having to add in DRMudkipz as well just hurts the consumer . I 'm going to go play with non retarded kipz now kthx bai .
 I refuse to purchase this game with it 's ridiculous DRM restrictions . I would rather pirate it , which I am easily able to do , and enjoy the game without all the spyware / BS that comes with it . I want to own the game , not rent it . EA ruined a great game !
 I was really looking forward to playing this game . Heck I was gon na go buy it on day one . So what 's the reason why my title says `` Dead Recent Memory '' . Simple , my memory 's of this game will fade like the trust EA has with it 's consumers . If they ca n't trust me , why should I trust them ?
 Please re introduce this game without the DRM . I came to purchase but have read the many reviews describing what this game will do to my computer .
 Do n't buy this game , when you install it , it installs spyware on your computer without your consent .
 You are basically paying $ 50 for a rental since it has such terrible digital rights management -LRB- DRM -RRB- . You have to activate the game over the Internet , and you 're only allowed to do this 3 times . If you reach the limit then you have to call and beg Electronic Arts to let you install the game again . And what happens in the future when EA stops supporting the game or if they do n't believe that you 're reinstalling it ? Well , then your installation set is useless . It 's sad when you get more value out of a pirated product than the official release.The game itself is n't bad , but it 's definitely not worth the headaches or being treated like a criminal .
 I have had some recent incidents with EA , with some other software.One just has to wonder what goes on between the ears of the Executive Management idiots , who look at their customers as thieves as well as look to make a few extra dollars in the hope that the media will get damaged.It takes a thief to think everyone else is a thief.SPORE has been destroyed by EA executive management , with their draconian DRM system . It showed so much , great promise early on , then was destroyed when released.Don ' t purchase any software with those idiotic , DRM viruses that get inserted into software and let the vendor , -LRB- EA -RRB- , know about it.Jon
 I really ca n't believe how bad they messed this up . Enough people say it well enough on here , so that I do n't have to repeat it more then to say
 I bought the game but had problems with the crippling DRM , so I tried to return the product . The store I bought it from -LRB- it shall remain nameless -RRB- would n't take it back because they had been told by `` corporate '' not to accept returns on used games , because of problems with limited activations . Great , though at least they acknowledge the problem , still does n't help me any .
 This game requires an internet connection to play . Unfortunately , my computer does n't have one . Another $ 50 coaster.When I start the game , a window pops up and it says , ` The game can not start . The game needs access to the internet to verify ownership of this game . Please ensure that your computer is online and try again . '
 The game starts off very fun
 A friend got this game . He 's a gamer . He can get hooked on pretty much anything . However , he is frustrated with this game , as am I.My experience : I think the most fun I had was the tide pool . After I got on land , everything became too complicated or too boring . Got ta figure out which of the 3 hands that all look the same would go best on your pet . Got ta spam the same dance and chirp buttons to make people friendlies . I 'm also confused as to whether or not I should talk to alphas or kill alphas or just look for corpses for extra spare parts . What if I make a mistake ? I wo n't see the end result of a possible mistake in this time sink of a game until 3 weeks down the road . I kind of lost interest after the first migratory move.My friend 's experience : My friend is a gamer . Get him a new game , and he 'll play it for days . However , after one week , he is frustrated with the game . Yeah , he started off in that tidal pool and poked around on land for a while up to about the beginning of civilization -LRB- building courthouses and the like -RRB- . At some point , he finally reached the space travel step . Now , he 's tired of it . The game expects your one little ship to save you and your allies from impending doom from other races . Or you can pay the attackers off with money you do n't have . From what it sounds like , the end game space travel experience is left up to chance . Some players have problems . Some do not.The DRM stuff : Amazon.com 's rules are that if you did n't buy the game , you do n't need to be posting here . I actually would like to read posts about people who bought the game and had trouble playing the game or with the DRM stuff . What type of trouble did they have ? Did they solve it ? We 'll never know because everyone is just posting based on what they heard through the grapevine . I wish Amazon.com would clean up this area . You think they would since it is probably hurting sales .
 I have a computer that haad to be reinstalled a couple of times this week , because of some family members that are to curious . Hence , I can not play this game anymore after installing it 3 times . Had I know , I wouldnt bought it . .
 This game has so much DRM it should be labeled a rental and not a purchase . Only three activations in a life time ? I reinstall windows that often a year .
 I will not buy this product due to the ridiculous DRM .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- And the game itself ? It 's okay . Not great .
 I have lost faith in EA . This may be a great game , but it 's crippled for fair use . The digital rights management of this software is not in the consumers ' corner ; not even close . Avoid this game and other EA products until they change their business practice .
 This game contains DRM that controls what you can do with it even after you buy it . This restriction is mentioned no where on the box and once opened it ca n't be returned . This is a monumental scam . Moreover , the DRM software runs * forever * in the background of your computer slowing down your system . Beyond that , if EA ever decided to shut down the activation servers you would never be able to access the game again.Don ' t buy this game !!
 I was super excited about this game for over a year before it came out . I could not wait . I rushed out to buy it right after leading worship service the Sunday it was released.But then I found out about the DRM . It broke my heart to hear that I could only install this game on ' 3 ' computers . I am the kind of guy who is constantly upgrading my computer which triggers another install credit . I know I will be left with no more installs in only a couple of years.I feel like I have rented this game , not purchased it . I now know to check for this kind of DRM before I buy an EA product . I WILL NOT spend my money on games with a built in expiration date . I encourage you to do the same .
 The concept is great and all , but the delivery sucks.First of all , this is n't even a real Mac title . Sadly for Mac users , all of the games that EA releases for the Mac are `` emulated '' by Cider , a hyped up port of Wine to Darwin/OS X . This translates into EXTREMELY POOR performance on even decent Macs . I own a Macbook Pro 2.16 Dual Core with 2GB of RAM and the Radeon X1600 - and I simply could not play the tribal stage because of the terrible frame rate . Mac users are better off installing Windows on Boot Camp and then playing the game.Secondly , and more importantly , no more than 3 installations ! DRM is proven to be harmful to both software and users - so why the hell would they make such a move ? Congratulations Spore , you just won the title of the most pirated game ever - kind of contrary to what DRM is supposed to stop , is n't it ? Well , you deserve it.Don ' t waste your time with this , there 's plenty of other great stuff on Amazon worth your $ 50 .
 This review is for the Mac version.The game itself is pretty good . I 'm a little confused about the whole `` end game '' part -LRB- or the lack of one -RRB- . It 's fun and silly in parts . Some of it seems confusing , like why is the creatures level supposed to be fun -LRB- ooh ... it 's simon-says ... wee -RRB- . The games takes forever to start up . About 2-3 minutes . I usually start it and then go read mail or something till it 's ready . I 've heard this attributed to the DRM built in , since people who pirated it say that the startup time is very quick . The creature creator seemed to have a rather large startup time for something that small , as well.The DRM does n't seem to be as big a deal for Mac users as Window users since it does n't install anything to the Mac system itself . Spore on the Mac uses Cider -LRB- from Transgaming -RRB- which emulates the windows environment . This means that I can run a debugger -LRB- I 'm a developer -RRB- and not worry about Securom being upset about it.However , there is still the one-registration-equals-one-account issue . I have n't tested the only-3-activations-without-jumping-through-hoops . I doubt the sensitivity to new hardware is as high as on the windows platform since it 's partially emulating the API to talk to the hardware via Cider.So , the DRM still makes your life difficult.Recommendations : People who want to use more than one account -LRB- families , significant other , etc. . -RRB-
 Life is tough for Will Wright . After coming out with The Sims he seems to have painted himself into a corner with his new release , `` Spore '' . The game is novel at first and most of the fun to be had is found in the editor portions of the game . However , beyond that the game is too simplified and I feel that it does n't have enough replay value . The final space stage is tedious . You never get more than 1 ship and there are constant disasters at your home world . Combat is really hard as well . The real problem with Spore is they had to put 5 scaled-down games in there , so no one part of the game really shines . I 've been a fan of Maxis since the original Sim City , so I wanted to like this game . Sadly , I ca n't give a good recommendation . The whole DRM situation and vice-like grip that EA now has on the title is another downside . I would say , stay away from this one . Sim City 4 is much better . It 's years after release and I 'm still playing it .
 The game itself is quite charming , and it 's alot of fun to create creatures and watch them interact with creatures that others have designed . You really do have alot of freedom with the design of your creatures , and I do n't even mind so much that they do n't impact the game terribly much . In fact , I wish they 'd impact them less . I hate to feel like my creature design is being so carefully dictated by its functionality.The gameplay is pretty bad . It feels very underdeveloped and poorly thought out . I do n't know why they bothered with it . It 's a fun game to watch , but it seems like it would have been simpler to just make a game where you create creatures and let them loose in a world where they are free to interact and grow on their own rather than making me do all of their chores for them.Admittedly , I have n't made it to Space Age yet , but my Dad has . It 's the first time I have seen him walk away from a game in frustration . He kept complaining about the UI and different annoyances that were ruining the experience for him . He may have been doing it wrong , but from watching him , it seemed like the game would get old rather quickly . All I know is by the time I hit tribal , I get bored of the experience and go back to the beginning to create another creature.I got this game for my sister for her birthday when we were visiting the parents . We installed it on my Dad 's powerhouse gaming rig and something got screwed up with the installation because EA 's half-wit -LRB- required -RRB- `` download manager '' -LRB- DRM software -RRB- is pretty much an empty box with none of the buttons that it should have and the game can only be launched from the directory it installed in . We 'd reinstall it , but that would eat up two of the three installations she has been generously alotted for the rest of her life -LRB- pertaining to this copy -RRB- . Since none of us seemed to really enjoy the game enough to play it over and over again , it did n't seem worth it . She 'll probably install it at home and play with it a bit , then shelf the extra installation in case she wants to go back to it later on.Software never stays on a gamer 's machine very long . We 're always losing and reinstalling crap . That 's why CD keys have always frustrated me . I have a hard time keeping track of my CDs , much less their associated secret codes . Now EA does this ? I have Dreamweaver and Photoshop running on Vista , meaning I 've spent hours on the phone with Adobe reactivating their software just in the last year.Electronic Arts will now have to pay for call centers to handle the impending volume of gamers who want to install their game for years to come , all the while turning even more people off to PC games thereby losing sales to both increased piracy and decreased demand for this kind of hassle . It brings to mind Russel Crowe 's line in 3:10 to Yuma : `` Hell , it would have been cheaper if you let me rob the damn thing . `` Whatever . Best of luck to you , EA . On the flipside , way to go Blizzard for helping me keep track of my game AND cd key online . That way , if I ever lose either one , I can retrieve it on your website . I think I am going to go re-purchase all of my lost Blizzard games in support of that system . Also , boycotting does n't work against big companies creating games with mass appeal . The majority of their market does n't care . If you hate DRM , show your support for the old ways by purchasing games from Stardock or other small developers .
 I reinstalled windows a few times while having trouble with some hardware issues . After everything was working , I tried installing this game and was told that I have already installed it on too many computers and would never be able to install it again ! This game has the worst and most strict copyright protection I have ever seen and I have already returned it to the store - after arguing with the manager for over 3 hours who normally does n't take returns on opened software but saw my point .
 I 'm writing to inform anyone who is legitimately interested in purchasing this product of my experiences with having purchased the product and dealt with the DRM myself.First , I want to point out that after having completed the game , I was generally dissatisfied with the gameplay . When you first pop in the disc and begin your life as an amoeba , this game is fun . Even when you 're at the creature stage , it 's still enjoyable as a game . However , when you get to the Tribal stage , it just feels unpolished and generally a bad simulation of tribal interaction . However , they make it up for that bad stage with a generally well-received Civilization stage . Sadly , this is where the fun ends . Once you make it to the Space stage , you become the pilot of the - only - space ship your civilization manages to build . That 's right , the fate of space exploration rests entirely on your shoulders , and if you were a military race prior to this , good luck , because you 're now a one-man army . What 's even worse , is that I tried various routes through the progression of the game , at varying difficulties , and each time through the game simply propels you as quickly as possible to the end of the game , the Space stage , which is by far the worst aspect of the game -LRB- in terms of play -RRB- . After having said that , however , I 'm now going to let you in on what my experiences with the DRM and company have been . After deciding I no longer wanted to have anything to do with this game , I believed that I could sell it , like any other product I 've purchased in the past . Sadly , I was sorely mistaken . I sold the product on Amazon.com and have been going back and forth with the customer who bought it because he ca n't register his EA account with it . That 's fine , I 'll just contact EA and have the association with my account removed , since I 'll never play this game again . Wrong , they refused to remove it , and furthermore wanted to inform me that to provide a second CD-Key so that he could associate his account with it , it would cost $ 13USD extra . What ?! I bought the darn game , and now I 'm stuck with it ? You kidding me ? So after all that time going back and forth with both the customer and EA , I 've found out that they do n't care that I hated their game and want to sell it , they just want more money out of me . Well guess what , I 'm taking it back to where I got it once I receive it back from the customer and informing EA that I demand a refund because of their denial of service . The DRM on this game is a joke , and I refuse to buy in to this kind of ridiculous customer service . I warn anyone interested in buying this game , do n't . Do n't buy it , do n't pirate , do n't even touch it . EA has created a deformed beast that they demand you to want , but stay away . Maybe they 'll get the message . -LRB- Pirating the game will not help them get the message , they 'll simply state the game was a success , their sales were simply hampered by pirates . -RRB- - Zach
 Limiting this game to 3 installs is the most stupid move a company could make . Of course , EA has shown how they value their customers . If you build your own systems , or ever plan on upgrading to a new machine , AVOID games by EA.It is too bad Maxis could not have partnered with a decent distributor , instead of EA ... I will be returning my copy of Spore that I pre-ordered ages ago . I had no idea it would come with such a ridiculous restrictive license !
 DRM in general and this draconian DRM in particular only serves to punish legitimate buyers.I was very much looking forward to purchasing and playing Spore . I absolutely will not be purchasing this product until it is released without DRM . I purposely avoided Mass Effect PC for DRM reasons too.EA / Maxis -LRB- and any other game/media companies out there -RRB- -- you 're driving real customers away . Stop punishing legitimate customers ! Especially since there are already methods out there to pirate Spore before it was even released!I just ca n't stand this blindness on the part of publishers !
 I was excited for this game , but I will not buy it due to the DRM that only lets you install the game so many times . Same reason I did not buy Bioshock , even though I was excited for that game because I loved the System Shock games.Why do they even need DRM when you connect to them to download items in the universe for your game . Seems like a CD key would have been plenty protection enough.I stopped buying music CDs because of DRM that made it so you could n't play the CD in all devices . I guess I 'm not going to be buying any EA games until they change this practice as well . THIS ONLY HURTS THE PEOPLE WHO PAY FOR THE GAME ! It will still get pirated and then the people who steal the game will have no DRM . Just as what happened with music . It 's pointless and stupid , and only helps to destroy the PC gaming market !!!!!
 Spore was supposed to bring something new to the table , however it just fell into the crowd . The gameplay gets old pretty quickly and the monsters are okay at best . 3 installs ??? That is ridiculous , I would n't recommend this game to anyone .
 This game looks like it would have been fun . But I ca n't support such a poorly implemented DRM scheme . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME until EA addresses the DRM issues .
 As someone who occationally likes to install older games and play them again , I seriously doubt I 'd be able to do that with the Digital Rights Management . I 'd love to know the information that money side of EA has that points to making a DRM like this . I mean , even though people hate it and stop buying games because of it , it must make sense to them . Obviously if it did n't make the profit graph go up , they would stop . So for people saying it is n't working , i highly doubt that . Sad thing is we the honest gamers , suffer .
 Almost 3 years . Thats how long I have waited for this game . Cash in hand , I was totally prepared to fork out 50 bucks to drag this title into my library . After reading about the DRM , I will not be purchasing this title . I have been disappointed in the past , but this rim job takes the cake . Bit Torrent here I come .
 I 've been very exited to purchase this game and once i saved enough i head ed to amazon to place my order . Unfortunately , I heard about this DRM and the more I read the more i did not like it . Yes , I wanted to insert the creatures i created in an online world to explore . Yes , i wanted to play god and watch my toons run around . But no , i wont install this game at the cost of having malware installed on my PC . I 'm sorry , but i want to purchase a product , not installed some dangerous dvd-burner-disabling spyware wrapped under a game rental . Also , i have a problem with the 3 install rule . Are they serious ? from what planet are they from ? I can not dedicate 6 GB of my memory forever to spore , much less take into account crashes , new laptop purchases and general memory corruption . If they want me to consider buying it again they best remove some of the nasty aspects of the DMR -LRB- internet connection at all times , dvd-burner disable , spyware , no uninstall , root installation , etc -RRB- that harm my expensive PC and treat me like a criminal rather than a loyal , eager customer .
 Before finding out about the DRM problem , my decision was whether to get the regular or special edition of the game . I am so sad to find out what EA did with this game . Not only will I not buy this game , but I will do my best to avoid all EA games.I find that I am hanging on to early editions of software that work fine and do n't require online service or verifications . When will these companies get wise ?
 Three activations ? I go through more computers than that in a year . Okay , I 'm exaggerating , I still refuse to purchase a game that tells me that I ca n't install it on more than one of my family 's computers .
 Please see posts above and below.How many times do we have to tell you people -LRB- manufacturers -RRB- . Stop punishing LEGIT customers .
 EA seems to love this archaic DRM system , and if they ca n't toss a DRM on it then they tend to ship a unfinished game and finish it a month later -LRB- if you 're lucky -RRB- with a patch . EA has lost all credibility .
 I will not be buying Spore until the DRM is removed from the game as well . The three install limit and other considerations , such as how long customer support will continue to offer install overrides and for how many times , not to mention the likely hoops to jump through to get an override , has made up my mind for me . Keep in mind folks , this is an anti-pirating device that was cracked before the game even came out ; DRM 's only hurt people who wish to purchase a legal license and do the `` right '' thing . They do absolutely nothing against people who pirate games as they could care less about DRM 's , as they are n't affected.Send a strong message to EA -LRB- and Amazon as well ! -RRB- that consumers do n't want PC games that do n't allow them the full license use that they are paying for , by not purchasing Spore until the DRM limitations are removed from the game . People who will happily compensate the developers for their time and effort deserve to be treated with respect in their purchases .
 The DRM was a silly move , since pirating it is the only reasonable choice for long term use of the game , purchasing it is a completely pointless move . Thanks for saving me $ 50
 EA , Why do you hate me ? After BattleField , I stopped playing but looking forward for this game . But why did you push me away ? All my 2000 + music files are DRM free and never did share it and I paid for it.I loved the portability because I have it on my server , laptop and 3 music players .
 While the concept is novel , the DRM software that is installed with the game -LRB- SecuROM -RRB- is just far too invasive to warrant a purchase if you are an informed customer . I have had to reinstall windows in the past due to SecuROM , and this is not something I have any intention of risking again .
 The concept of this game is fantastic ! The publisher of this game has a screw loose!EA 's insistence on punishing a paying customer to play their game is unnecessary and arrogant . While the hype for Spore has been incredible , and hence the percent of pirated copies that statistically will occur will result in large numbers and losses , a DRM the likes of SecureROM discourages paying customers more that it deters pirates . No matter how secure the DRM , there will be ways around it . The fact that EA thinks slapping this terrible DRM onto a popular game will go unnoticed is arrogant and stupid.Case and Point = Galactic Civilizations 2 ... . no copy protection whatsoever ... record sales for it 's genre ...
 I was so hyped about this game , and all the demo 's looked so good . I refuse to buy a game with DRM . I 'm not a thief and should n't be treated like one simply because I want to actually buy EA 's product . I 'll wait until a patch removes the DRM . I hope EA does n't wreck Warhammer as well .
 I purchased Spore , and after installing on two separate Windows partitions then being forced to wipe them due to a virus , I unfortunately found that the horrible DRM restrictions on the disc would not allow me to install the game again . Money out the window because EA does n't understand that people prefer to purchase a product , not a draconian version of a contract that allows you to use it temporarily .
 I will never , never , never allow DRM on my equipment . I wo n't even install it . I want my money back .
 Bought it . Installed it . The game told me only afterwards that my video card was n't up to snuff , sorry , ca n't play . Among the many indignities they subjected their customers to when they decided to go with this three-install-limit security scheme , they could n't take a few hours to have the game test system specs during installation?So now I have a choice
 You have GOT to be kidding ??? I get to rent this game through 2 upgrades to my system ? I just returned it back to the store . Forget that ... If they want my money , sell me something with unlimited installations , like in the good old days . I regularly upgrade and trash my pc . Save your money and buy something else .
 I feel cheated by the onerous DRM restrictions placed on my copy of Spore . Any gamer knows that 3 installs is nothing , and we all like to own a game when we buy it - as has always been the case . This new business model is going to kill EA unless they wake up to our needs and expectations and respect the users . There are plenty of users that buy the game , despite piracy . Who in their right mind is going to buy a game that has been panned by 90 % of the users here on Amazon ? I hope EA is learning from their obvious huge mistake . I like EA 's past contributions , but this is ridiculous .
 I was heavily anticipating this game until I heard about the DRM . I said to my girlfriend , hey should I go out and get spore . She was so excited to play , but disapointed that I did n't buy . She understands the reason and supports me and everyone else that is rating this game as a 1 star to protest against EA and their Renting of Spore vs. purchasing.By the way , EA stole `` Play , Create , Share '' from PS3 & Media Molecule 's Little Big Planet
 I had planned to install my copy on both my Mac and PC and play with my kids . Thats 2/3s of my allowable installs as soon as I open the package . No thanks , I 'll pass altogether .
 If you want to have lots of `` fun '' with DRM - go ahead and buy it.If you rather preffer to play and do n't worry about it - download it .
 ... my wife pre-ordered this for me because she knew how excited I was about the game . Just now heard about the SecuROM DRM infection though - which invalidates this as a legitimate purchase.DRM does not stop piracy . Does n't slow them down . It does however destroy the rights of honest consumers , like me , who now no longer wants a game that was salivated over for years because the DRM infection will make the game disk worthless to me probably in a matter of months.Because of this , piracy is the better option for all . If you want to stop the DRM infection , but do n't want to be a pirate , refuse to purchase this game and let it be known that the DRM is why you are n't buying it .
 I was looking forward to playing the latest product by Will Wright . Yet , I am not going to buy a game with draconian DRM . It 's too bad .
 i saw this on digg so i figured i would just add my number to the ballot = P
 I want to start getting back into pc gaming but creating a defective -LRB- by design -RRB- product that will likely not be playable on my same hardware in seven to ten years since I 've had to reinstall Windows twice and now the company no longer supports it is not the way to bring me back to the gaming scene !
 The game itself is a trite , watered down version of superior games . The different ways you can progress through the 2nd and 3rd stages are horribly balanced on the side of making a carnivorous creature , and the civilization stage is identical regardless if you 're peaceful or aggresive - your tanks either shoot conventional bullets or they shoot `` religion '' at your enemies - the gameplay and end result is identical.The final stage -LRB- that you can get to in about two hours , FYI -RRB- is a bit more interesting , but could have been so much more.The game looks very nice . It 's animated well and has a lot of charm . So do Pixar movies - and they are only slightly less interactive and cost less.And on top of it all , the game installs copious amounts of nearly uninstallable malware onto your PC , infecting it at the kernel level and using up valuable processor cycles and allows EA to spy on you . This malware does n't even go away if you remove Spore from your hard drive -LRB- and you most likely will -RRB- . You are also limited in the amount of times you can install it , making it so you are effectively paying EA $ 60 to rent this game . I very much recommend you do not purchase this title to send a message to EA and other greedy companies that we refuse to allow these kinds of unethical and greedy business practices to occur.Naturally , these draconian DRM and anti-piracy methods are only a problem for honest people who purchased the game legally . If you pirate it , you are blessed with a copy free of these problems . Pirating it wo n't make the game less uninspired and boring , though !
 yup , your basically renting the game ... despite the pathetic length of the game , they shot themselves in the foot with the DRM , amd EA has plenty of money to throw to keep this up a couple more rounds before getting the message.I was kind of hoping they would n't mention that ` pirates win this round ' because im sick of hearing it .
 I just got screwed by EA . I had a failing Laptop I eventurally replaced . Now I ca n't play the Spore Galactic Edition I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for . Please do n't buy this game or any other that uses this type of DRM.From GiantBomb : `` Currently , Spore is slated to use the SecuRom DRM method of copy protection . The game will authenticate online when you install and launch it the first time and will re-authenticate when you use online features or download new content or patches . You will only be allowed to install the game 3 times -LRB- using the included 3 activations available -RRB- and there are NO credits given back when you completely uninstall it . If you try to play on the 4th install , you will receive a message like this
 This is a great game . My kids , 6 and 9 , love playing it . -LRB- ... -RRB- Get SPORE for the game play . But be prepared to only play it offline .
 I give this game a single star for fun , because it is going to be tears for your kids when they are locked out of the game and they lose their creations.I 've worked in the games business and know the issues - let me see if I can explain why this is.Games have a long history of copy protection . It never works - it 's actually known in the engineering community that it is futile . Every game ever made is copied . Usually this is done in hours by a teenager and then they upload it to the net . Meanwhile , most of us do n't care , but as legitimate users of the game we get stuck with problems - side effects of copy protection.Luckily for game makers , copy protection is also unnecessary . Despite its 100 % failure rate , we almost all still buy games and producers still make many billions of dollars.Unfortunately Spore 's publisher -LRB- in this case Electronic Arts -RRB- has departed from their strategy on earlier games -LRB- including most earlier Sims games , etc -RRB- and decided to try to `` fix '' this `` problem '' by doing `` more of a bad thing . '' They have broken Spore by trying to use a really awful , cumbersome and dangerous copy protection -LRB- aka DRM - or Digital Restrictions Management -RRB- . Their particular mistake was to set it up so that if you buy this game , you will eventually lose it , and be out your $ 50 . This is really unfair , and will lead to major hassles and heartache for your kids and loved ones . With some very plausible bad luck , you can end up on the phone begging EA to let you install what you already paid for , and then eventually in a few years -LRB- no one can say how long -RRB- they wo n't even take your call about this.What 's ironic is that EA has hurt themselves terribly with this mistake.The game has already been cracked and posted to the internet , so the DRM accomplished nothing -LRB- again , as it always does -RRB- . Meanwhile huge numbers of people are not buying this game , because of the terrible , weird DRM they put on it.It 's so bad that I think EA will figure out their mistake and fix it - probably relatively soon . This has happened before . So , if you really love Spore , your best bet is to wait , like I am waiting . Wait for them to fix this problem by removing the DRM , and then buy it .
 Had a ton of problems when sony tried this stuff . Sorry power hungry suits , you lost another sale . I was going to pick this up today but was scared off from the reviews .
 Came to Amazon to purchase Spore read the reviews that it contained DRM and decided to ditch this game . If I want someone dictating to me how to use my computer and software I 'll cruise websites in Bangkok and have it hijacked by malware there instead .
 ... until I found out from everyone that it has DRM . Why !? What if I want to share this game with my wife and have it installed on more than one of my computers . Not to mention the fact that I plan on upgrading computers soon and one or more of my DRM usages would have already been previously used . I will NOT purchase this game until DRM is removed . I do n't see how this prevents piracy . This just makes me want to pirate it more when I was already planning on buying it legally .
 I was really looking forward to this , as one of the few major games to have parallel release for the Mac.Unfortunately , DRM has a tendency to break subsequent versions of the system services -LRB- sometimes on minor releases , often on major releases -RRB- on the Mac . Since I like to play games like this for years , there 's no way I 'm going to buy into something that is likely to screw around with my OS.Sorry , I 'll be happy to buy and review this game and not the DRM once I can get the game and not the DRM.DRM makes software too difficult to deal with , I 'm not buying DRMed software , even games , any more - I can choose other products that do n't interfere with the functioning of my own computer .
 I purchased this game and like many parts of it . However , it 's DRM is atrocious and therein I give the game only 1 star . Sorry EA but , come on , lighten up .
 While I appreciate the creater 's rights to protect their product , Spore 's DRM is way too much . If you would like an EA sponsored virus running on your machine in the background , without the ability to uninstall without formatting -- well then Spore is the game for you . Shame on EA .
 Widest expanse of a game -LRB- good ! -RRB- with each part being as shallow as a bathtub -LRB- bad -RRB- . Evolving from a cell to a space faring civilization sounds like a lot of fun , and it is for about 3 days or so -LRB- played casually -RRB- until you get to a certain quest during the Space Age . Also during all stages of development -LRB- cell , animal , tribal , industrial , space -RRB- you can do about a total of 3 different things in each stage -LRB- except cell -RRB- . This makes the game really shallow.Perhaps the worst part of it is most of the game is just in the space age . The cell stage will give you about 10 min of fun , followed by about 30 min in the animal , etc. . I thought the industrial stage was the most fun in the game , but that lasted 30 min before I conquered the planet and began the space age , never to go back to the industrial age again unless you start a new species.This game was ambitious and could have been revolutionary , but it 's a failure . Oh , and the DRM hassles are not worth the fun you get out of the game .2 stars for the game1 star because of DRM hassles
 This a review of Spore , keep reading.Will Write has quit EA ! < -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'd like to congratulated him . I 'm sure he turned down lots of money and the security of having a job at the evil megacorporation . Sadly , he must leave Maxis behind , the company he co-founded . He has a new company , that he founded before leaving EA , The Stupid Fun Club . He joins Ron Carmel & Kyle Gabler as brave individuals who refuse to submit to the beast . I 'm sure his decision has a lot to do with the egest that EA pumped into his creation , Spore . But , he 's being cautious and has announced his intention to keep a working relationship with EA . Visit his new site < -LSB- ... -RSB- / > and show your support . Personally , I will be supporting him by buying anything he does without EA 's involvement.So to summarize my perfect review : Spore is infected with DRM , it 's creator quit his job .
 wow my wife finally found a game she liked . That is unitl we updated our mozilla browser . Spore immeadiatly crashed with goffy error messages . We e-mailed EA support no help there real vague answers even with the eror mesages and log sent to them `` It 's a generic failure on vista 's part not our games fault ... '' . Oh really if it is why do all my other programs work but yours crashed with Mozzila 's update ? `` It 's a non specified system error message ... `` Adn so on never a straight answer , never a suggestion outside of reinstalling the game which we did ! In short STAY AWAY FROM EA PRODUCTS!They are horrible in the customer tech support area !
 Spore is a very boring game . The game holds your hand way to much . The gameplay is very shallow and there is no depth at all . But what is worse is securom . STAY AWAY FROm THIS GAME !!!
 I was so happy to see that they had finally finished the game -LRB- I had been waiting since 2006 for this game -RRB- and could not wait to get my hands on it ... however , when I found out about the useless and utterly draconian DRM I refused to buy it . I refuse to even play it in any way . I wo n't pirate it , and I wo n't pay for it . I will just boycott it completely.I have sent an email to EA 's CEO -LRB- although I doubt that he will read it -RRB- but I hope that I make a point and it causes some thought.I would advise anyone who is considering buying this game to wait until all of this backlash causes someone at EA to do something and they have the DRM removed . I know that I will refuse to play it completely until the DRM has been taken out .
 This game is promising , but it is not available in a consumer-friendly format.The illogical enforcement of restrictions only on paying customers shows shocking disdain by publishers for the true source of financial support
 I 've been a long time consumer of PC games . Generally purchasing 3-6 games a year from the simulation to the FPS and now the MMO . Games like Spore are truly innovative in its design and it 's amazing to me that the copyright protection design is not . I have to say I 've been greatly anticipating the release of Spore and after reading a few reviews here and from Digg and 1up I have to say that I 'm reconsidering purchasing this product and further EA game products if this protection design is what 's in store for future games . It 's not that I have a problem with copyright protection but in this scenario there 's entirely too much that can go wrong with 3 or 5 installs of a game . Assuming that the game does n't have any issues itself and just dealing with PC issues 3-5 installs of a game can go relatively quick -LRB- hardware changes and OS reinstalls -RRB- . The potential of dealing with the EA support team attempting to prove I actually purchased the game does n't bode well with me as a consumer . Now I 'm reading about this random communication session back to EA ... so if the session ca n't communicate with EA -LRB- as in playing offline -RRB- then I 'm assuming the game wo n't launch ? I realize that EA is attempting to secure their intellectual property but why does this seem like a beta test of this protection mechanism . The fact that EA is bumping their reinstall number to 5 on Red Alert 3 shows that they realize there 's a problem but they are only throwing a band-aid at it . In closing I 'm further reconsidering all purchases of EA games in this current security model . I do n't understand why securing software needs to be a hassle for the consumer , is n't this part of what the releasing company charges as part of the game price ?
 The Data rights management system is totally broken . You can only install three times , so if you are on a windows machine that needs to be reformatted periodically , your S.O.L. , and if you want to upgrade your hardware , it will think you are using a different system and deny your install . Dont buy this till EA revises their Data Rights Management software ! Buyer beware !
 Sure the the DRM is annoying but Spore to me was just plain boring.The first four tutorial stages felt shallow and unnatural but the final space stage was just tedious.Please do n't believe the hype .
 I have to quote the all knowing , all mighty , and eternal Wicket , `` Star Cruiser Crash Crash . '' Every time I leave the homeworld on my spaceship , I Crash Crash ! Apparently thousands of others are having the same problem as proven by the evidence littered throughout boards and blogs on the web . Terrible job programming an already thinned out and marginalized game . Mass Effect 2 is the last chance EA ever has to get my money . If they manage to mess that one up , they are done forever in my book .
 If you were planning on buying SPORE , DO N'T ! This game is only mildly entertaining . The most horrible stages of all are the creature stage where you run around repeating monotonous actions over and over again . The tribal stage sucks even more , I found it confusing and the actions of my tribesman sluggish . The worst part of this game is its Digital Rights Management . You can only install it 3 times before asking for another `` license '' . Apparently this license does n't matter because I know thousands of people have already downloaded it illegally , leaving all the legit people who actually bought it -LRB- AKA me -RRB- feeling stupid . Do n't buy this game or you will be disappointed after 4 hours .
 I was looking forward to this game , but I 'm not going to pay $ 50 to rent a game .
 I went out and bought this game the day it came out . I later discovered the horrendous DRM . I am very disappointed and I will not be purchasing other EA products in the future .
 As a college student , $ 50 dollars is n't the easiest to come across , but boy did the media hype this game up . So I go an buy it , and wow I was awfully disappointed . After going through the awful , most terrible experiences one has ever had to go through with DRM . Next is the hyped up game quality . Now , I have no time to rant , so I 'll be as quick as the game 's playability is . Easy , Pointless , Annoying , and oh God the DRM !!!
 After going through this SecuROM nightmare once already , there is no way I will purchase another product that uses this DRM . SecuROM does way more than `` protect '' just this game -- it also prevents users from burning various DVDs and CDs , logging attempts and sending this to some other computer on the internet . There 's more , but that should be enough ! If you want to limit the abilities of your PC , make it slower , open it up to rootkit exploits , and remove your privacy , then go ahead and buy this game.The SecuROM removal procedure takes a long time and is a real pain , and sort of leaves one wondering if it was actually removed . You ca n't even play these games if you remove SecuROM , or it will reinstall it .
 After dealing with the current trend of DRM ridden trash to get BioShock running after losing the manual while moving . I wo n't buy a title that has these kind of draconian DRM measures to prevent customers from using a product they purchased.I 've convinced a few friends of mine who were interested in the game to STEER CLEAR OF IT . And not to waste their money . This not even getting into the thought of , 10 years from now I 'd like to replay the game that I CA N'T . While great old games like Fallout , Planescape
 Spore has got to be the biggest let down in gaming history . It had terrific potential , but in the end all we got was an incredibly repetitive game that requires no strategy or thought . When I saw the age rating was for 10 + , I thought it was because there is n't bad language , etc. , but now I know that the 10 + rating is based on the intellect it takes to play.I rarely provide feedback for games ... but since I 'm deeply disappointed in Spore I wanted to save everyone their $ 50 .
 I really want this game , but I mess with my machine 's installation too much to worry about useless DRM . Like others mentioned , relying on a publisher to ALLOW the use of a game I PURCHASED is more like renting than what I believe in . Put barriers in place for the people that copy it -LRB- and they will never stop the determined ones -RRB- but it is an insult to punish the people that want to support the developer of the game!I am not an avid gamer , not enough time in the day for that , but I really have liked this developer ever since the Maxis days with Sim City . I would love to support them with my purchase.Hopefully EA Games rethinks their position and release a less draconian version . Until that happens I will be staying far away from this game . Been burned way to many times with DRM to even try it .
 My son bought this on release day and played it to death.The game covers a lot of ground , and is quite entertaining , at least once . Each game stage is very simplistic . I ca n't see playing it for long like most sandbox games . This is more like a tried it , done that , well let 's play with creatures game . It is as if Creature Creator was the apex.Rating it down for draconian copy protection -LRB- DRM -RRB- by EA . You have to be connected to the internet to install and play the first time.I would suggest waiting until it hits the bargain bin or the DRM is removed .
 The only cool feature in this game is the creature creator , which you can get separately for $ 5 . The actual game involves 5 rather boring single player games , first two action games and then three strategy games , as your species progresses from single-celled organism to a sentient species capable of space travel . None of the games stands out , and some are downright dull . The others have been done before , much better . This game completely fails to live up to the hype surrounding it.It 's also one of the first games to use EA 's new call-home activation , which lets end-users activate the program on at most 3 computers . Changing hardware can make one computer count more than once . You have to contact EA to install again . Even if the game were good -LRB- Which it is n't -RRB- , I would advise against buying it to try and discourage use of this horrible DRM scheme . I have nothing against corporations protecting their copyrighted material , but DRM should never cause serious issues for legitimate users .
 For one reason or another , EA has n't learned from its mistakes in the past . I fully intended to buy this game but was disappointed to learn that it was laden with restrictive DRM . Where 's my motivation to buy the game when it is in fact simpler to download the game -LRB- sans DRM -RRB- `` illegally '' ? Why are the real customers the ones being treated like criminals ?
 Play this game for more than 3-4 hours , and you crash . If you ' r lucky , you remembered to save 2 hours before the crash , so there 's only 2 hours lost . ADD AUTOSAVE PLEASE BECAUSE IT CRASHES ALL THE TIME.DRM is a joke EA ! You only hurt yourself doing this !!!!!!! WE WO N'T RENT GAMES EA!WE WO N'T RENT GAMES EA!WE WO N'T RENT GAMES EA !
 After seeing what Microsoft did with TruePlay as well as the other DRM company that left the users high and dry , no way am I going to buy this game . I can see the production planning now
 What a lot of people said . The gameplay looks fun , and the graphics are spectacular . . but I 'm not a fan of being treated like a criminal just to play their silly game . Imagine if you bought a house and the bank installed a rent-a-cop to follow you around to make sure you paid the mortgage.Just icky feeling all around . . I 'd avoid this game at all costs until Electronic Arts removes the draconian DRM . The pirates do n't use it , why should I pay for it and be saddled with their spyware/DRM ?
 Like many other reviews on this site , my thoughts are pretty much constricted by EA 's simply idiotic decisions regarding DRM . Even many of the music studios got over their objections to MP3s and relented from their obsession with DRM - why ca n't EA?All it does is hurt legitimate customers . The pirates already found a way around before the game even hit the shelves . By making legit customers into criminals by default , EA makes their product unacceptable . Get over it and you 'll get customers again , EA .
 Spore 's great , once you are actually able to use it.Since it is DRM enabled , what happens when it becomes your favoritegame and the company is no longer able to afford to keep theirDRM servers running ? You are SOL . I can play games created 10 years agoby other companies , but just forget about spore . It is around only as long as EA is willing to support it . 2 years ? 3 years ? maybeI refuse to be locked into a game where my ability to play it is completely in the hands of someone else .
 I loved the Civ series right from Civilization , Sid does an excellent job designing games but when EA is allowed to load the DRM known as SecuROM v7 onto the game it 's just not worth it any longer . Being locked into 3 installs max verified by some online server that who knows how long will be running -LRB- I still play Civ 1 -RRB- ruins the game for me . Several people have mentioned that this seems similar to Sony 's rootkit fiasco and I defiantly agree . Keep in mind that if this game quits functioning or your anti-virus wo n't let it install -LRB- DRM is often essentially a virus -RRB- you CAN `` T return the game , your stuck with it!Don ' t let this DRM take over your computer !
 Problem # 1
 This game needed more development time . For example several times the game has crashed . -LRB- Do a search and you will see others have this problem as well . -RRB- You are supposed to be able to click on food to eat it , well several times it would do nothing . I had to go to the menu and back into the game to get it to respond again.The camera system is horrible . You can place your camera at any angle to view your creature/cit , etc. . But as you move around the camera will change position or wo n't handle hills and valleys right . I am always readjusting the camera . After a while it is a big hassle.Oh and speaking of the camera , in the first part of the game the right mouse button will control the camera view , and left mouse button controls the creature . Later the mouse buttons switch so that left button controls the camera and right controls the creatures . This is confusing after playing so much in the first levels . And good luck playing different saves.Speaking of saved games , there is another problem . You get several planets and each planet can have one saved game . So that does n't sound so bad , except when you have played one planet for a long time and find you want to go back to a point before you made some mistake . Well if you saved after you made the mistake then there is nothing you can do except start the game all over again . I found this out after putting 15 hours into the game and getting stuck in a bad save point at the civilization phase . Oh and if you do n't save and the game crashes , then you of course lose all that progress . So you will be punished either way.Oh , and the crashes . My system has been stable for a long time . I have played many games , even Crysis , without a single crash . I play this and it crashes randomly after a couple hours of play.The DRM , well something you may not know , the game takes a extra minute to load as the DRM is making sure that everything it safe for it . For that minute the game will not even tell you it is loading . First two times I had to check task manager to see if it was even running . Then I found yet still another problem . The DRM -LRB- securerom -RRB- has a known bug with the task manager I use form Microsoft , called Process Explorer . The bug is that Securom will think you are doing something bad and wo n't let the game run if at any time you had run Process Explorer . Oh , and Securerom does n't even tell you why it wo n't start.Not to mention what happens years form now when I ca n't find the receipt and I am out of activations and I wanted to play this game ? Although in its current state I ca n't imagine me wanting to torture myself.Music ? You are supposed to be able to create your own city anthem . The first two times I tried there was no sound at all , no music . The third time I tried I got music . I tried the play icon , so it was n't anything I was doing or not doing . Just another bug . And how do you download other peoples music from the Sporepedia like we were told we would be able to?Game play ? The game is very shallow and monotonous . The creature creator and city editors are fun , the rest of the game is fun for a bit but then gets to be the same thing over and over . Download the Creator Creator and you get the fun part of the game for free.This game needed another six months of development time . Not ready for prime time !
 If I buy this for $ 50 my son ca n't play if I create an account . Stupid.Please do not buy this , send a message to EA by hitting them in the wallet.Let 's hope a class action lawsuit is in order due for those who did to what was promised before release and even printed in the instruction manual .
 I installed this game on Vista and it did n't install a single shortcut to start the game up . I have to hunt through the program files for a . exe to make it start up - even the autoplay wo n't work ! it does feel like a lot of mini-games loosely connected , where dying does n't seem to have any effect - where 's the challenge?The DRM is simply ridiculous , hence the one star rating . I should n't have to grovel to a company to reinstall it in the future when I 've already paid good money for it . EA need to seriously listen to their customer base , because if people feel ripped off they will turn to piracy - let the collapsing music industry be a cautionary tale to them !
 SecuRom has again failed to do it 's job , which is to stop people from pirating the game . Instead , it has now become the most illegally downloaded game ever.One day game companies will learn not to treat their customers like criminals .
 I have not sorted through all of the reviews here to check but I wanted to mention something about the Spore Release . Due to a computer glitch Spore was released almost a full week early in Australia legitimately . Only a couple of days after these mistakes a fully pirated and cracked version of Spore began circulating the Torrents and Newsgroup by Reloaded.This should be more then enough proof that DRM does nothing to slow down hackers . Being a hacker -LRB- in other areas of computing -RRB- I can assure you that the typical hacker mindset is only encouraged by stuff like this . Hackers like to destroy security measures that `` challenge '' their abilities.All the DRM is doing is hurting the users . The pirates not only have easy access to the game but they had it before the game was even officially released globally . DRM did n't even stop an early leak from showing up pirated on the internet , do you really think it has any effect at all ?
 I 've been a big maxis/Wil Wright fan since the beginning . I love games like Sim City , the Sims , and I was really looking forward to that sort of game being combined with genetics and a space-faring game like Master Of Orion . The trouble is ... Spore is just not that game.First off , Spore is really not an open-ended `` sandbox '' like game like its predecessors . In fact , the first couple stages of the game offer the player relatively few choices , and the end result feels canned and pre-determined . As if that was n't bad enough , the game feels like a game for little kids . Cutsie-poo graphics , simplistic `` arcade-like '' controls and gameplay , make for a game I would n't touch with a 100 ' pole . Well , they tried something different , I give them credit for that . But this game certainly is n't for me.Now about the copy protection thing that has caused a big uproar here on Amazon ... I 'm not sure people understand the tradeoff here . I do n't like copy protection any better than the next guy . The companies that trust me -LRB- like Galactic Civilizations -RRB- , I make it a point to give my loyalty to . But honestly , I do n't really think Spore 's copy protection scheme is all that bad . Take games like Sim City and the Sims for example . For those games you need to always carry the CD/DVD around , and plug it into the machine every time you want to play . Have a half dozen games you like to play from time to time ? Then you 'll be lugging around a half dozen dvds with you too . Spore , once registered , requires * no * dvd/cd to play ! To me , that is a major advantage , and makes it no different to all kinds of other computer programs -LRB- microsoft office , microsoft windows , adobe photoshop , etc. -RRB- . So I do n't understand the uproar . I can only assume that people do n't really understand it .
 Because of the DRM , the game is essentially a rental . And to get more activations , you 'd have to contact EA support to get them to reset it.So basically , you ca n't even resell the game to anyone . And if you ever wanted to go back and play it a few years later , you might not be able to , because you ran out of activations or EA shutdown their reset `` service . `` Let 's not forget all the system instability and security issues that SecuROM brings . It has a long record of screwing up systems and security holes . It has no place in a computer.I do n't see how the DRM helps to limit piracy or do anything except piss off legitimate customers . You 're better off pirating the game than you are buying it thanks to the useless draconian DRM scheme EA decided to implement.Show EA what you think of their ridiculous DRM scheme and spend your money elsewhere .
 I recently purchased Spore from my local Wal-Mart , because I have been looking forward to playing this game for a long time . I installed the game , and then had computer troubles that have forced me to reformat my hard drive 4 times in the last week , and now the game has LOCKED ME OUT !!! I was really looking forward to enjoying this game , and from what i did get to play , it was an alright game . However , the DRM crippleware has severely impacted my customer experience , and I doubt that I will ever purchase a title from EA again . $ 50 for a week worth of gameplay ! what a way to spend money ! They should indicate , ON THE BOX , that there is a 3 installation limit on the game , burying the line listing that particular nuance of the contents of the disc in section 6 , paragraph 4 , line 5 of the EULA that the majority of consumers do not read is not the way to say we told you about the DRM . Thumbs down EA , Thumbs way down .
 Just as we as consumers are trying to assert our rights to privacy and to legitimate ownership or licensing , you have to admit that this short sighted activation will never hold in the future . I somtimes pull out my cd of Simcity 2000 and install the 1 minute install to play for 3 hours . That 's what Maxis was and is all about . EA is ruining all that they tried to be with these moves . I 'm returning my copy since I doubt that in 3 years , I 'll be able to reactivate my `` quite legit '' copy of the software.So EA . . congrats on stifling Maxis and their creative possibilities . . Your greed to stop some pirates did nothing more than turn off thousands of actual purchases here and will turn away thousands of others as word of this gets out.I bet Maxis is happy that you 're at the helm and they can look forward to the same sales stopping efforts in the near future.Oh and where is my Madden 09 ? . . I have a Rumblepad and wanted to play . . That about piracy too ? ~ J
 Widely hyped and highly anticipated , Spore turned out to be a fairly large letdown for me . While the premise of guiding a civilization from the cellular stage all the way to space faring is excellent , the gameplay is largely simplistic , repetitive , and boring.Casual gamers may very well enjoy it , but it 's not likely to hold the more hardcore contingent 's interest .
 I paid 55 dollars to download off EA 's website and never saw any warnings that I was only renting the game . I could n't register the game so I was forced to reinstall , which I tried twice . So now I can not play the game . DRM may be responsible for my issue , I have lost all respect for EA , Maxis and Will Wright and will never buy a game from them -LRB- except EA because they own everything -RRB- . Thankfully the pirated version works great but no online content or game patches . The gameplay is pretty fun , except civilization phase . The Galactic phase eventually becomes unbeatable or annoying due to being attacked and biological disasters . Also there is no real freedom or pacifism in Galactic phase .
 Since my first negative review was removed , I ma - ... Wait just a moment . Let me say that again.My first negative review was removed.Odd , that . It was one of the top five reviews.Anyway , since my first was removed , I figured I may as well make a second.Yada yada , Draconian DRM , yada yada evil , and general wish that I could purchase this game , but inability to actually purchase the game as it 's rentware , etc.Censored . Huh . Wonder when the rest of us will get silenced ?
 I do n't know anything about DRM . When my son installed this , he did n't activate the on-line features and just wanted to get the anticipated game play , so he did n't set up a Spore account or register a copy of the game , thinking we 'd do it later after trying out the game . I was n't here when he installed it , so do n't know what firewall problems he encountered , if any . So , for me , it was just sitting down to play a greatly anticipated strategy game . I 'm a HUGE fan of CIV and other strategy games and was hopeful this game would be interesting , engaging and addictive.Even after watching some video previews of the game , I guess I was n't entirely sure what to expect . I suppose I was expecting something along the lines of SIMS meets CIVILIZATION . I expected something where you play a creature that you 've created and evolved in a world that changes and grows and is impacted by choices you make . This is not the case at all . Game play is OVERLY simple , WAY TOO QUICK and very repetitive . With some games , you can actually play on the surface for a quick game experience , but if you want something more meaningful and deep , you can delve into more complex game concepts or hidden levels . NOT with this game . There are no hidden depths , nothing extra to explore if you want to take the time , nothing . You zip through stages exceptionally quick . On his very first game , my son zipped through both the Tribal level and the Civilization Levels in less than 20 minutes combined -LRB- 10 minutes each . -RRB- It took me slightly longer ... to get through both levels , but it was still disappointingly quick and superficial . After beating the Creature and Civilization levels , I delayed `` evolving '' to explore each level some more ... to see if there was somthing I was missing or to find anything more . And , there was NOTHING.Here is another problem , just as you start to `` get into '' a level , or hope there is something `` TO '' the level , it 's over . And you basically start another `` MINI '' Game at the next level . Everything you worked so hard to add to your creature no longer matters in the next level . In Creature mode , I worked hard to build up skills that did n't translate into anything in the next level ... those skills virtually become obsolete without being exchanged for new skills that might be useful in the next level ... you just lose everything and start over . Any evolution points you earn , are erased . Thus , this game does not have that `` addictive '' aspect ... there is no motivation to keep playing to do better , earn more , or evolve into something more complex . You can easily max out all your skills VERY quickly and there is nothing more to do . There is nothing to explore , nothing to grow , nothing that you can do that will impact or enhance the next level of game play . Each level is different than the proceeding one ... so it is like playing five different overly simply , overly quick , mini-games . Cell is the quickest of the levels ... lasting just minutes . Creature , Tribe and Civ can all be finished in less than one evening of play.The bottom line is that I became BORED before finishing my first game , started a second game and played through a couple hours of Space mode before becoming even more BORED , spent time learning there is no depth , no hidden levels , nothing left to learn , grow or explore , and abandoned the game after only a week . I 'm left to ponder who EA 's target audience was ? 10 year olds , perhaps ? Certainly not intelligent adults who are craving some complex and involved game play.EXCEPTIONALLY DISAPPOINTING !!!!!!
 It pains me to say this , but Spore was horrible . I 've been looking forward to this game for what seems like forever , but it was a massive disappointment . Game play is shallow and the design feature , while extremely well done , got really boring . By the time you 've finished the civilization stage , not only have you redesigned your character countless times , but you 've designed 9 vehicles and 4 buildings . The first building was alright . Same with the first vehicle . But when you 're going on 7 vehicles and you find out you have to design another one , you start to wonder whether this is a game or a CAD program.I got to the Space Age within about 4 hours of play , and once there , it 's hugely mundane . This game could have been amazing . Instead , it was short , disappointing and , on the whole , definitely not worth any more than $ 5 , let alone $ 50 . This is definitely a game to listen to Yahtzee about - pass it up .
 I could rattle on endlessly about how quickly I lost interest in Spore , its limited overall strategies -LRB- aggressive , or passive -RRB- , the tendency of past decisions to pigeonhole you into a single strategy , the lack of depth of any kind except for what your units look like , or any degree of gameplay complexity that might require forethought or skill , etc , etc , etc , but that would all just make it a mediocre game , not a terrible one . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The game is great , i 've bought the gallactic ed . months before the release , the expectation was very high , and then ... DRM : / EA massive drm on new games are jeopardizing the whole gamming scene , I do n't like to have a program that I 'm unaware of it 's purpose watching my pc and I do n't like either to have only three chances of install , I Bought it , so it 's mine now .
 Screw this , if I play this game I 'll just download it off a torrent . So you know I 've never downloaded a game off a torrent . I 've always believed in buying , but this has gone to far . I 'll probably just not get the game at all . I am really disappointed .
 I am pretty sure you could get a better -LRB- drm free -RRB- version of this game online before the release . Why pay 50 bucks for a version that is totally painful to install . I reinstall windows about every 6 months to keep things fresh - that means I am renting this game for a year and a half then I ca n't use it any more at the hefty price of 50 bucks . Not to mention the game play is only bit that great .
 Just got a new computer and itching for some new games . Why did you have to go and screw this one up EA ?
 I was so looking forward to this game . I 've been waiting for almost 3 years for the game to become available.Then I started to read about this DRM EA included in the game and was appalled . Talk about shooting one 's self in the foot ... a really , really dumb move , EA . DRM = product returned , unopened.Aside from the DRM kerfuffle , I started to read reviews about the game itself . While reviewers were fawning over the technology of Spore , actual owners said it was too easy , boring , repetitive and lacked true depth.I 'd say that Spore has been overly hyped , and by inserting DRM into it , EA is just asking for trouble . I hope they get sued for FTC violations , i.e. lack of full product disclosure to the consumer.Amazon , you 're no better ... it 's called `` aiding and abetting '' . Your product vetting process -LRB- if you even have one -RRB- has been corrupted by sheer greed and kowtowing to manufacturers who treat their customers like criminals . You ought to be ashamed , but I guess greed has taken care of that.I am retuning my purchase , including the game guide , unopened . I hope others will wake up and do the same .
 I had no idea this game was crippled by `` three-activation DRM '' when I bought it at Target today . What a horrific thing to do to such a promising product . EA , you deserve to be hit with a class action lawsuit and boycotts because of this customer abuse.I 'm beginning to really hate EA , and I spend thousands of dollars a year on games .
 So I get three installs.That 's not so bad.Until you consider that I upgrade my computer every year , so I 'll have used all three of my installs in just 2-3 years time !!! Bah . Humbug ! I 'll just wait for the PS3 or Wii version , which wo n't have that ridiculous limitation . And if it 's never released on console ? Oh well.I 'm not throwing away three hours of wages on a ticking game with a built-in expiration.PASS .
 I have been watching this game for several months and was very excited to play it , so much so that I preordered it and made the grand mistake of installing the creature creator that was infested with securom on both of my PCs . Unfortunately that secret file -LRB- virus -RRB- that EA slipped into my computer without my permission is now permanently imbedded without nothing I can do to remove it . How will it and when will it affect my computer , I dont know , but I dont like the idea of waiting for it to conflict like if im waiting on Doomsday . I never gave you permission EA , and I will never grant you such permission to implement securom or any virus into my computers which means I will not buy spore or any of your games that have such secret files until you start treating your customers with respect . The bottom line is , you treat us all as thieves , invade our computers , and disregard the sentiments of your loyal customers . Dont you realize you 're shooting yourself in the foot?Minus one more gamer who is not purchasing your game and funny thing is I was going to buy two copies one for each of my computers so my family can play it at the same time .
 Let 's see if you feel the same way when , in five years , you upgrade to a new system again and you ca n't install the game anymore because EA has retired the activation server for it . Suddenly , the game you supposedly OWN is worthless . Would you still give it five stars then ?
 This is an awesome game , I had the pleasure of playing it @ a friend 's house . Sadly its a game I will probably not buy . I just ca n't see myself dropping $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a game thats going to limit me how many times I will be able to install on my PC . I occasionally do OS reinstalls on my PC , and the fact that after a while my game will not work , I just ca n't take that risk . Oh well , maybe they 'll wise up and take off the DRM , or maybe I can buy it years from now when the price drops to like $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks or less .
 As you can see from the many reviews , DRM completely ruins the experiance . If you have to install more than 3 times then good luck to ya . Proving you own the game to get another 3 installs is just about as painful as getting a passport.The game is good but is aimed at the more casual players . Hardcore stratagists need not apply here . It is comprised of of several different stages but it feels more like mini games but lasts longer than the traditional ones . This game had the potential to be great but the dumbed down feel and the DRM is its down fall . It 's a shame that you are penilized for buying the product because of the DRM.The suits behind the game are missing the picture here . DRM does not stop pirating of their software . Just as fast as they release a new form of DRM , there is a hack for it 15 min . later . The only thing DRM does is hurt those that buy the product . The only way they will get the message is if we the customers make a stand and either boycott the product or make our plea heard . Although , after years now of putting up with DRM it is clear that our pleas are falling on deaf ears . And they wonder why sales of pc games are falling ... Listen up Suits ... You want to know why ... because we the customer are getting fed up with DRM that does n't allow us to use the game that we purchased .
 This might not be a bad game but I will not buy something I can only install 3 times . Would you buy a CD you can only put in your CD player 3 times ?
 The DRM totally ruined this game . Do not attempt to charge customers money for something that they are not allowed to own . The future of merchandise does not have room for companies that restrict the freedom of their customers .
 I will never buy a game that uses securom . I will not buy a game that is going to limit the amount of times I can install to 3 . That is simply ridiculous.I was very very excited about this game but because of EA 's decision to use a horribly invasive DRM system they will not get my money for this game .
 Really poor PR move . Ai n't buying it , after I saw the DRM stuff mentioned . Why buy it ? Not interested , any more .
 That 's like if I invited you into my house and you put locks on all my bedroom doors . Way to be paranoid and overreact , EA .
 Jumping on the 1 star bandwagon to show my dislike of the DRM on this game . Lets be honest , the gameplay is nothing special either . My overall review is somewhere between `` meh '' and `` eh '' .
 I 've been anticipating this game from its inception 6 years ago . I 've been following the blog , watching videos , and listening to speeches the head creator has given waiting for this `` evolutionary '' game.After getting it from Best Buy the day it came out , I was totally taken back at this game 's DRM . There was no mention of it anywhere on the net prior to release , or if there was , I was unaware . It 's sad that EA has gone to such great lengths to impose restrictions on the game , instead of focusing their powers on increasing the user experience , or promoting it . What everyone has said regarding the DRM is true . Even if they offer a removal software device in the future , because it has caused such a miserable backlash , it is still us an undue burden that lies with the consumer . EA really botched this one .
 If you would like to pay full retail price for a product only to find out its actually a rental at a ridiculous price limited to 3 installs only before your penalised and unable to play the game whilst pirates of the game dont have to worry about this then this game is for you.It is a good game overall however a lot of the stuff we were told was in the game has been removed and added on top of that the 3 limit install really lets it down big style
 I 'm not buying any more games with `` Digital Rights Management '' or DRM . I 've had nothing but problems with securom . We need to stop buying things that have copy protection . Then the companies will stop using it . Simple .
 The gameplay has really gone down , and theres nothing really new in this game , compared to older editions .
 I really wanted to like this game but after reading about the DRM I think not . . I hope these things sit on the shelf and become nothing but wasted coasters for EA . . Shame on them for treating customers like thieves .
 Like so many others , I refuse to rent a video game . To all you other reviewers , right on ! It 's good to know that the world wo n't sit quietly in the corner and let big EA take its lunch money.EA , remove the DRM on your game and I will purchase it to support your decision , if nothing else .
 I was eagerly awaiting this game and was ready and willing to buy it * until * I discovered the built in DRM . What can I say - EA may have spent a large amount of time and money investing in DRM for this game , however , the payback is -LRB- as far as I 'm concerned -RRB- one less customer . As more and more people understand DRM and its implications -LRB- the Internet generation is growing up -RRB- expect more of this not less .
 The game was really cool up until you start traveling space . After that it was pretty much Age Of Empires with crappy graphics . Once you get into space the game gets really boring .
 I have been waiting for this for a while , it looks really interesting but the reviews about DRM has scared me off .
 My son said he loves the game , but the software is awful . It took us hours to get around the install problems and then we found out the key code had already been used ! Based on the reviews and forum comments , I 'm not even bothering with EA to try and resolve this issue . Our best guess is that someone has figured out their key algorithm and the codes are being activated illegally . So , even though we bought a brand new game , the verification key is useless and my son can only play a limited portion of the game.Overall , it 's a great game for a 9 year old kid . Some people think the game is shallow and have all sorts of critiques , but my son thinks it is fun and I think the concept of the game is cute . I do n't really care about DRM issues in general because I had only planned for my son to use it on his computer ; however , with EA 's history of customer service and the suspected hacking of their key codes , it does become a problem.Here are some tips for installing and starting the game that , after an unsuccessful install attempt , took me a while to find through searching multiple forums
 My wife and son bought this against my recommendation . Game play aside , I knew from the reviews that it would be a challenge just to make this thing run . And I will be having my `` I-Told-You-So '' moments , shortly.I 've spent hours trying to make thing thing work for my disappointed kid . I got past the first hurdle when I discovered that there was a conflict with the way the game phoned home , and the way K-9 allowed access to the internet for minors . After disabling K-9 just to get the game activated , it seemed to run pretty well . For a day.The next day , it Blue Screened every time we launched it . I tried updating the video driver , playing with compatibility modes , and launching as an administrator . We tried installing the 1.05 patch -LRB- which , humorously , wanted you to be running first to download it -RRB- . Nothing worked.This is not some exotic system we 're using . Windows 7 with an Intel chip and an nVidia graphics card . If it ca n't run on this , I ca n't imagine what it was designed for.I 'm sure there is some collection of drivers and patches that 'll make this work . If not , there would n't be some many reviews about the unimaginative game-play . But I 've gone past the amount of effort I 'm going to put into a game . And the rest of my family has learned a lot about buying DRM riddled garbage from EA .
 After reading all the reviews , it sounds like SPORE would have been a fun a game as the description really attracts me but I also hear you need to have an Internet Connection to play the game to register its DRM system . Here is something some people probably do n't think about ... we buy a game to have for a long time , what happens when the registration servers shutdown years from now ? Answer
 I 'm sure that this game is very fun . I 'm sure it would be well worth the money . However , I would n't know , as the game wo n't run . You can see why this would be an issue . I installed the game , and after four or five patches which took about two hours , I clicked on the games icon . It began to run , then , at the peak of my utter anticipation , quit . Confused , I clicked on the icon again . It quit . It did that the next time . As well as the ten times after that . I restarted the computer , ad it still would n't run.Now , this would n't be an issue if a solid support system was offered by EA . Due to the nature of this review , you should be able to guess how I found the support . After being endlessly redirected on EA 's website to links that listed various trivial issues , but offered no help as to what to do if the game would n't friggin ' start , I decided to call the phone number given in the instruction booklet . After going through a tedious computer-voiced hot-line , it gave me a web address to go to for help.At this point , I 'm not so much pissed as I am stunned . Why go to the trouble of setting up a help hotline if its only purpose is to give me a web address ? Why not cut the phone number out of the equation and just give me the damn address ? Baffled , I typed in the web address , which had many links for buying the game and its various expansions , offered no help for starting the game . I attempted to log into a help forum , but unfortunately I needed to enter the account information I set up after starting the game . Oh , wait , you were never able to start the game up ? Ah , well tough luck there buddy . No help for you.I had been eagerly awaiting this game and am now throughly disappointing . Unless you trust EA with your life , I urge you not to risk purchasing this game . Not only for this reason , but for the thousand utter technical issues that have been listed , which I have been fortunately been spared . It has a two and half star rating for a reason .
 I bought the original Spore CD for my son , assuming that it would start on a MacOS 10.5.8 , as the packaging seems to imply . At this point , one week later , after installing all 5 updates or patches for the Mac , I have not been able to actually start the game . Calling customer support was useless because I simply do n't have the time to be kept on hold for hours on end . At the advice of a friend who used to work at a computer help desk , I uninstalled the entire game and reinstalled it without the patches . This time , the game actually opened and I was at least allowed to enter the registration code , but then , when I tried to register , I received the error message
 I was excited by this game until I actually played it . I got this as a download as a Christmas gift and was surprised that I was limited to only a few months of being able to download it -LRB- or I could pay an additional fee for a longer download window -RRB- . Luckily I did n't waste money on that additional time . The first stage is like pacman , the second stage really is n't much better , the third stage is a boring RTS game with no strategy , and , finally , the fourth stage has some neat ideas but its essentially like playing a very dumbed down version of Civilization.There 's no real creature interactions and most disappointingly of all there is nothing even remotely resembling evolutionary mechanisms . Overall really boring , really disappointing , and really over-hyped .
 Hi , Based on having the Spore game simply stop working a few months after installation and then trying to fix it , this MIT graduate can give you a few hints :1 . This installation leaves behind a rootkit that can not be easily removed . To remove it you have to go into Windows `` RegEdit '' function . If you make an error while using regedit , you could end up having to re-install your operating system .2 . EA 's online help info in this area is pretty useless .3 . Kids do like the game , but it is simply not worth your time or the risk to your PC . There are reasonably credible reports on the web indicating damage to the operating system in some machines from the rootkit .4 . My family will no longer purchase ANY PC games from EA , or any other vendor , with this form of Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- . We suggest you do the same and let EA and the others know about your decision .
 As mentioned in some posts , Spore was supposed to be revolutionary in a lot of ways . This was a game of life ! You were going to grow , evolve and attempt to become a dominant species in many different aspects . My best advice for gamers who still have not gotten their hands on it is to try not to get your hopes up too much . You will be done with this title faster than a soft-serve ice cream cone.Again , Spore is supposed to be a game about life and evolving yourself as a creature . You will encounter 5 different stages in this game
 This product was BOOOORRRRIIING I beat it in less than a day And my comp ran like hammered dog food after I installed it : P
 I 'm not buying this game until the DRM copy protection is removed . I have played it on a freinds computer and would like to buy it . I do not pirate games , I have never downloaded one online . I can not understand though how EA punishes people like me who actually PAY for their games by making it inconvenient to enjoy the game for years with this scheme.I will buy the Sims3 when it comes out -LRB- supposedly wo n't have this copy protection -RRB- . I WOULD buy Spore and Red Alert 3 , but only if they remove this overly aggressive copy protection .
 Many of the people reviewing this game are mad about the DRM . And many are disappointed that the game was changed considerably from the trailers the designer showed during the years the game was being developed . That 's why they rated the game as one of the worse ever.However if you just look at the game itself , forgetting about the DRM and the hopes some people had for the game , what you find is a game that 's just not good.The game gives you very few options during each stage . Or at least very few options that are meaningful . You can change the way you look but the way you look has little to no effect on game play . Much of the game play is forced and gets old quickly . The computer controlled creatures never do anything interesting or surprising , but that 's mostly because they never do anything.As other reviewers have said you can find better games for free on the web .
 So in 2005 we got a 35 minute video of Will Write playing a game called SPORE , which began with a cell which you create and followed that cell through generations of evolution up to the point where the species developed space travel . The game included a revolutionary creature creator which would allow you to create anything you want and it would function based on how you built it ; the computer would figure out how it would move and act based on how you built it which was one of its high points in why it was so amazing . The game created its own ecosystem entirely for you to explore.in 2008 we got a game called SPORE , yet it was n't the one Will Write played , it was a dumbed down , `` cute '' version -LRB- courtesy of Chris Hecker -RRB- which completely ignored the original idea of the game . The creature you create is no longer functioning based on how you built it , but based on how many +5 speed and +2 attack `` parts '' you added to it . Along with the reduction of an entire phase -LRB- underwater -RRB- Chris Hecker of the `` cute '' team during the development of SPORE also convinced Maxis to create a game which you can only find fun for a maximum of 1 month ; the rest of the fun will be found merely in the process of creating your creature , not even in watching it being used in-game . Along with the wonderful idea of adding the horrendous DRM protection , which in reality , did n't protect the game at all , making it the most pirated game of 2008 . Good job EA , that idea really soared , and it shows in the Amazon ratings . This game is NOT one you should consider , because if you want what it was meant to be you 're going to have to wait a few years for Maxis to push out all the expansions -LRB- which is the long run , will cost you more than $ 50 , so basically the $ 50 you pay here will be for HALF of spore -RRB-
 As a kid game this is a great game in the early stages even for younger than 10 kids . Space is more difficult.I enjoy the game from the fun of designing own stuff.Parts do mean something to gameplay , adding insane numbers of those parts do not . So , evolution is a minor part of this - more legs < > faster . But that would be true in real life potentially.You can invade planets by taking over the cities in space stage.There is a lot of economic trading etc. . It is not a huge challenge and I would not say play this if you are looking for a Civilization or any RTS . It has some FPS aspects but would not excite any of that groups adherents either.There are many annoying features , like everyone is always screaming for your help - like a bunch of incompetent xxxx - in space stage.The DRM is invasive , can cause issues -LRB- Blue Screen of Death ! -RRB- . But updates to drivers , BIOS , etc. has helped on older machine -LRB- over one year old -RRB- This game is fun , distracting and can eat an hour quickly . It is a good Sim type game . And on higher levels of play even somewhat challenging . Too bad it is saddled with some of the worst DRM in the last five years or so . I can 's say enough about how fun the creature designer is to play with.I would give it a three or four if not for the DRM . Yes , the game play is ok and entertaining - mostly . The DRM makes this a much more questionable product as I tend to play games for years if they are any good .
 Spore not only has a piece of software that runs in the background , but it only allows 3 installations EVER . The people out there that pirate games will find this a barely noticable speedbump on their way to pirating the game ANYWAY . The legit user that reloads PCs often is screwed .
 Got it as a Christmas Present , but the disk is n't even recognized by my WinXP PC much less load and run ! Ran out and got another copy at a local store , and it has the same malfunction . My drive is new and all other games loaded well . DONT BUY SPORE till this gets fixed !
 People who buy this game should at least be warned that they get only 3 installs . EA seems to be doing a good job of encouraging paying customers to turn to piracy .
 The game itself , when it use to work , was average . Nothing too spectacular once you get over the creature creator . In short , the meat of the game is the creativity offered in the create a creature mode . Other than that the games that your creature occupies is a very simplistic . Most everyting is cosmetic in terms of how you equip your creature and how the gameplay differs.WARNING
 I bought this game at EA 's online store . I 've actually played through it a few times , but never past the creature stage.It 's not fun , and it 's completely underwhelming given that it 's coming from my favorite game designer of all time . Any potential depth that this game could have had has been removed from it during development . I would have been fine with that had the creature editor been fun to play with . It is n't . The few creatures I have created have turned out to be ugly , graceless blobs and I am utterly flabbergasted at the minimal texture options here . The game is way too graphically intensive and has crashed my computer a few times . And WHERE is the AutoSave ?! It 's practically a required feature on all games these days.I 'm making these comments independently of my feelings on the horrible DRM . But I do feel that Spore is not going to be a celebrated achievement , but one of the biggest overall fiascos in gaming.I want my $ 50 back .
 This was the first and will be the LAST SecuROM product I 'll ever buy.The game starts off good enough , but eventually just becomes tedious and pointless.Giving it to the local thrift shop while there 's still an activation or two left . I 'll include a note that the DRM stuff will soon make it worthless . Might be worth paying a buck for .
 OK . I got this game and downloaded it straight away and started to play.Even though I Had the Min requirements It was really slow and freezed up a lot but amazingly all I had to do was hit control alt delete and it would work again . But that was n't the problem . The problem was that when I did the migrating thing in the game it CRASHED my computer . Then I went to the store and return it but this time it would n't even start . I traded it in again and the same migrating thing as before so I returned it back for my money.It was fun for the time I got to play but It was so problematic that Will Wright has gone right down the toilet in credibility .
 Since there are only 3 installations allowed , you are basically renting the game.Being grilled on why you have more then 3 installations from CUSTOMER SERVICE is not the way to go.This only hurts the customer . It 's sad that the suits do n't understand that the DRM can hurt the enjoyment of their games .
 I 've looked forward to this game for months , but there 's no way I 'm buying it with the absurdly disruptive DRM as a mandatory tack on . The ironic thing is that the people who download DRM-free versions are going to be the only users who are n't treated like criminals.A little common sense , EA . Please .
 how can someone actually use DRM after it was proven futile in the 80s and 90s ? I find this ridiculous and will not buy from EA any more .
 I came here yesterday to purchase this game , as I often do when a brand new game I 'm excited about is available . I started to read the reviews , surprised at all the 1 stars ... then I stepped back . For those complaining that the DRM should n't be reviewed with the game , it IS part of it and does affect the game in and of itself . For myself , I asked a friend who had bought it to let me try it out at their house ... definitely a disappointment with very little link between the various evolution stages . It 's very much a kids game ... even though I think my kids are too intelligent to find it fun . As for the DRM ... with all the trouble my friend has had with their game , their 3 installs will be gone shortly . Best of all , SecuRom is sending information from his computer to EAgames ... You have to ask yourself if $ 50 was a good price to let EA spy on your computer and give you a fancy coaster ... or if they should be paying you for that information .
 This game is fun , especially if you are into designing things . If you are n't really into creating things and are looking for a hardcore gamer experience , this is n't for you . I am a pretty hardcore gamer , but I think this game is fun , but again I mostly have fun with creating elements , the actual `` game '' itself is n't particularly deep.However the DRM is absolutely ridiculous . I payed for this game , so why am I being treated like a software pirate ? Technically I am just `` renting '' the game I own , for use only when I have an internet connection , and only as long as I have n't installed it more than 3 times ...
 this game will lend itself to death by drm . the only people who will be able to enjoy this game is the pirates .
 I mean really , why spend fifty bucks to be treated like a criminal , when you can easily net a copy that 's had the DRM hacked out of it , and be treated like a legal purchaser , free?I ca n't believe EA would sink this low . Why would you offer solid titles with this kind of gimping ? Blizzard will keep getting my 15 bucks a month for WoW until this little issue gets resolved .
 I usually buy used games to save money , but was going to buy Spore right away . I downloaded the Creature Creator and loved it , but there 's no way I 'm buying this game with DRM that treats me like a criminal , and installs a root kit on my computer . EA , you can keep your game , and I 'll keep my money .
 This is a show stopper for me . I tend to build my computers incrementally , including changing out parts that will cause the Spore DRM to stop my game from functioning fairly quickly . In addition having the DRM running on my system when I do n't want it to is unacceptable.I hope the remove the DRM in a future release so I can buy the game .
 I did n't buy mine here on Amazon , bought mine at a brick-and-mortar store , and now I 'm glad I did , since I had to take it back and get my money back . As I was installing it I found out about the rediculous locks they have on the game for copy protection ; I can install it three times . That 's it . EVER . Even on the SAME COMPUTER . More than that and you have to call them to get THEIR permission to install YOUR game that YOU bought . I 'm the kind of guy who reinstalls Windows every 2 years just to clean out all the cruft , and what if I need to reinstall for another reason ? And what about when I get a new computer this year or next ? PC game companies are just stupid with this kind of draconian copy protection , it does NOTHING to stop piracy -LRB- I bet I could find a cracked version to download if I looked , I hear it was pirated before it even hit store shelves -RRB- , all it does is frustrate legitimate users like me who WANT to pay for the game . I wish I could just donate $ 50 to the company and then go download the pirated version that does n't have the ludicrous restricitons .
 I 'm a computer engineer and constantly format/reinstall my computer , restricting number of installs is stupid -LRB- mostly because this only affects people who actually buys the game -RRB- and we must show them so . I was going to buy this product before I found this out , now I 'll hopefully wait and hope they will come to their senses . .
 No matter how much fun the game might be , a three installation limit is a big no-go for me . I could possibly live with the activation , assuming it was reliable , but I will never purchase a game that can only be installed three times . And calling some EA outsourced flunky to convince them to let me install it beyond the 3-install limit does n't cut it either.All these 1 star reviews ca n't be wrong , and they are not . Most DRM is livable ; EA has exceeded the threshold and the shareholders deserve to suffer for it .
 I do n't own Spore , I did n't pirate it , I have n't played it , but looking at what is required of the consumer to prove that they 've earned the OPPORTUNITY , not the RIGHT to play EA 's newest game from Maxis , I have no intention of doing any of those things.Shame on you EA , and shame on anyone else who thinks this system works .
 Take a page from Stardock 's playbook - NO DRM - treat your customers as they deserve .
 I 've been anxiously awaiting Spore for well over a year now since I first heard of the game . I 've enjoyed several of Will Wright 's previous titles -LRB- Sim City , The Sims , etc. -RRB- and expected a top-notch game with loads of creative gameplay.While the game itself has provided a significant level of enjoyable and addicting -LRB- perhaps too addicting -RRB- gameplay , I am significantly dismayed by the choices EA has -LRB- once again -RRB- chosen to make regarding this game 's DRM.I 'm no fan of EA , and have on more than one occasion boycotted their games for bad business practices . I only wish I had learned about the DRM issues BEFORE purchasing the game . It has done nothing to stop the rampant piracy , and - quite honestly - if I had known about the DRM prior to buying the game , I would have downloaded a pirated copy instead . Ironic , that doing my part to support good quality software by PAYING for it actually results in punishment by the company.I feel like I have to give pause to installing it on my laptop now , for fear of using up one of my `` 3 installs '' . The fact EA has made me feel this way is appalling - and on top of that , no where was I alerted to this fact about limited installs PRIOR to installing or purchasing the game!I 'm going to attempt to return the game , although I know my chances of getting my money back from EA is pretty much zero , I 'll give it a shot anyways.The game is fun , which is a shame , because for all the hard work the developers and artists put into this software , it has been completely ruined by EA 's lack of concern for a good customer experience . These types of practices need to be stopped - it 's bad for business , bad for the user , and simply bad all around.I ca n't support any game or company that continues to make use of them . Shame on you EA . You 've lost another customer - one who should have learned from years past , but who decided to give you another shot - shame on me for doing so . I should have known you would never change.You 'll not earn another cent from me again .
 Sure , it 's a perfectly lovely game . The `` security '' system that only hurts its customers ? Awful , and it only encourages people to pirate it . 1 star , my friend , and you 're just lucky it would n't let me do none .
 SecuROM DRM is a deal breaker for me . If I purchase this game , why should I be subject to proving that I own it every 5-10 days?What happens in 5 years when the key verification server is shut down because of some merger ?
 Well , I knew , the issues with the Securerom drm already when I bought . But I went the trouble of running on standalone clean pc , that I imaged before to be clean out of the box install . Still it did cause hick ups.EA , this more than a no go , since zou can not remove the DRM when you remove the game . It stays for good and that is illegal.The game itself is a lot of . It is so much fun to play and I am enjoying . Lovely graphics , great story and idea , including on my iphone : - -RRB- It is a hard decision if one should buy it or not . If you only have one pc do n't ! Now , I remember why this is the first PC game I bought in 5 years .
 Well here I am on a day when Spore is finally , finally available for purchase . I have been waiting with intense excitement for well over a year for this game to come out . From the moment I first heard about it I knew it would be amazing and that I would have to have it . And then SecuROM came along.EA , you had me at hello with this game . My $ 50 was already in your pocket . But letting SecuROM gunk up my PC is far too high a price to pay for a game that may or may not be useless tomorrow . My money can still be yours , but I wo n't be paying a cent until this awful DRM is gone . Do n't you see what 's happening here ? No one wins . We all lose .
 After waiting for countless months for this game I was shocked to see that it has the most extreme form of DRM I 've ever heard of . It 's too bad that such a seller concept was ruined by unnecessary DRM .
 The DRM for this game will prevent you from playing it . You can only activate the game three times , which a legitimate user could easily exhaust in a month -LRB- especially if they get or own multiple computers -RRB- . Take a stand and fight oppressive DRM . Do n't buy this game .
 This game has so much potential it really makes me want to cry . Great Premise , but the execution is a little flawed , I think once a expansion or two -LRB- or games to follow in it 's footsteps -RRB- will make it great and I am looking forward to them.The DRM on this game is horrendous though , as a rather nostalgic person I often enjoy going back to older games , installing them and enjoying them for a 2nd round . With Spore I will not be able to do that due to the 3 install limit EA has set on us , why am I restricted to installs on a product I paid for ? Pretty sad that I 'm treated like a criminal even though I 'm their customer , I was stupid and preordered before I heard about the DRM ... stupid me.One thing is for sure I will not be purchasing any of those expansion packs unless they do n't include DRM and remove the DRM from the original game with a patch .
 Do NOT buy this game -- SEND EA a message -- it uses DRM == YOU DO NOT OWN THE GAME == IT IS EQAUL TO RENTING IT !! -LRB- for $ 50!@#! -RRB- AVOID AVOID
 This game has been at the top of my list for two years . I fully expected to buy a copy as soon as I got paid on the 15th . That is now gone and done with , and this is the first time I will really feel awful refusing to buy a game over DRM . My policy has always been the same
 Legitimate purchasers of PC games keep getting punished worse and worse each year as DRM techniques keep getting more draconian . SecuROM , as used in Spore , is one of the most restrictive . What happens in five years when you want to replay the game but you 've changed computers or installations of Windows more than three times since then ? And you need proof of purchase to re-activate after your first three shots , who keeps a game receipt for five years ? Even assuming the activation servers are still up then ! Once again , actual customers are the losers .
 While I think this is a fun game , the DRM means you only have a limited amount of time to play it before your disk does n't work anymore.Thus , all these 1 star ratings are well justified . Hopefully EA will wake up to this eventually .
 In the past 3 months , my computer has had a new operating system installed 5 times . Occasionally due to hardware upgrades , occasionally due to hardware failures , and occasionally because I wanted to try something different.I have been waiting for Spore with baited breath for years now , and greatly enjoyed watching it develop . However , if current trends continue -LRB- which they probably will -RRB- , I will be calling and pleading for EA to let me reinstall the game I purchased . If this game has the staying power I expect it to , I could very well be calling EA again in 5 years time . If I can find the number , and if it still exists.The complications of DRM do nothing to deter piracy , and merely complicate the lives of those legally purchasing the game .
 The DRM for this game is utter nonsense , especially since you have to take the game online to really get the most out of it . I am playing a game that phones home every time I turn it on to get content -LRB- this I am ok with -RRB- but I can only install it three times ever ? Baloney.The game itself is fun . The DRM is going to do more to encourage piracy than to prevent it .
 I had the Spore release date marked on my calendar long ago . When the day arrived , I excitedly came to Amazon , eager to get my hands on this highly anticipated game.And then I saw the reviews . I will not be acquiring Spore until/unless EA stops treating its customers like criminals who need invasive Big Brotherware installed on their machines . I have n't bought a single Sony product since the rootkit debacle . Now I get to add my favorite game maker to the list of companies I will not patronize unless they radically change their manner of doing business.Thank you to all the reviewers who prevented me from making the mistake of buying Spore .
 The game is cute , but definitely not renting it for $ 50 . Played the demo and would probably purchase the game without the DRM . I tend to upgrade hardware regularly , so if I played this game for any length of time the DRM would de-activate the game for me.Send EA a message ! Stop the SecuROM !
 Well I 've been looking forward to this game for a while now having played basically every Sim game from back in the day . But reading these reviews and seeing the problems people are having I do n't think that I will be purchasing it for now , at least until they fix these DRM issues . Sad because I really like to support genuinely good games . Nobody is going to buy this if there are cracked versions already online .
 I 'm not interested in buying any product that cripples my computer , installs spyware or viruses , and will fail to work for me in a few years when I 've switched computers a couple of times . No thank you .
 Until DRM is removed ... I will not buy or even consider . I will wait till EA quits being greedy .
 This game fundamentally replicates the earlier game of Creatures from nearly a decade ago . Given the 10-year advantage of Spore , I expected the graphics to be much better . Spore also ships with the Sony rootkit SecuROM , which as an anti-copy program that will bork your PC and requires basically a disk wipe to eradicate it . Other recent games that have used SecuROM are Armed Assault , S.T.A.L.K.E.R -LRB- European -RRB- , Neverwinter Nights 2 , Command & Conquer 3
 The DRM component is simply outdated and draconian , and after the hassle of activation the gameplay simply was n't worth it.Avoid .
 Do n't treat paying customers like pirates . I can not in good conscience buy this game now , EA has tainted it with this unholy drm . I would rather pirate it and hand the creator 50 bucks , or 10 cents , however much he gets per copy sold .
 Honestly , I was pretty excited about Spore . I got my copy , installed it , then went to go register for online play , only to have EA tell me that my never-been-used key is `` invalid . '' So now I ca n't even use all of the product that I paid for . I 'd return the damn thing if I could , but I 've obviously broken the seal on the box.Do yourself a favor and just pirate the thing and save yourself $ 50 .
 if you want to be totally ripped off then buy this game . The disgusting DRM issues should be enough to put you off from buying this game , not to mention the many many release bugs in the game . You can see this game was rushed towards the release date with functions being cut from final release which Im sure will be given as future expansions so even more money to shell out , for what you should have had in first release .
 When a game comes with anti-piracy software that 's detected as malware by many security programs - the experience with SecuROM of gamers who bought BioShock and who are buying Spore - customers have to ask if they 're only renting from SecuROM 's maker , Sony DADC , not purchasing from Electronic Arts . Bluntly , when Digital Restrictions Management systems fail - and they always will - they screw over paying customers . Meanwhile , no DRM system is crack proof , so the hacking community will simply rise to the challenge once again . All SecuROM does is provide the corporate game publishers with a security blanket against the piracy bogeyman at the expense of their paying customers.I 'd love to buy , install , and play Spore on my computer , but the real price is a rootkit .
 I will wait until this game is in the 9.99 bin because no one wants to deal with the DRM . What a joke at $ 50.00 ! Pray that you do n't have one too many computer crashes or you will have $ 50.00 worth of garbage .
 I simply will not buy a DRMed game for my computer . I 'd rather wait for a console version .
 hmmm ... One of the most highly anticipated games of 2008 is being released it 's time to see when it 's going to pop up on Steam ... Wait , it 's not on Steam?OMG EA ? Really EA?Please do n't buy this game until the DRM is removed , or else your just validating the existence of useless , archaic DRM .
 The DRM included by the publisher , Electronic Arts , insults the user by accusing them of a crime before a crime has been committed . For this reason alone , I can not purchase this game .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The game is entertaining for about 2 or 3 days , but it gets boring really fast . If you are a carnivore you will go around killing animals -LRB- which sounds more found than it really is -RRB- , and if you are a herbivore you have to go around dancing and tapping making friends ?!? I wonder if a creature does get smarter by dancing and singing ??? Evolution is completely irrelevant in the game , you may have a creature with 6 feet and at any moment decide to have only one foot then you can go ahead . In reality evolution is a gradual process and prior mistakes may severely affect your future -LRB- you can become an evolutionary dead end like the Neanderthals -RRB- . So in conclusion , do not buy it . It 's boring and in my opinion extremely overpriced , maybe for 10 or 15 bucks sure I would give it 2 or 3 starts , but for 50 $ I expect something better .
 Spore is boring ... period . Im sure you know all about the many many unfortunate changes made since conception and the stupid DRM policy . Suffice it to say that if you still buy Spore after all these very true reviews and you are unhappy than all I can say is `` we told you so ! '' ;-RRB- Spore is a bore with no substance and so cartoony your kids will be sick of it . EA/Spore has given us the proverbial slap in the face we all talk about so much . Pass on Spore , save your money for a game and company that will respect your dollar -LRB- s -RRB- a little more.Graphics are cute and colorful but graphics only keep me interested for so long . Sounds are fine , pretty mediocre . Gameplay is OK , it changes with each stage , alot of point and click stuff . No storyline or actual objectives . First 2/3 of the game is pretty basic and short while the space stage is more like `` Adventures in babysitting '' . Meaning you have to babysit your planets/colonies . Overall the game had three years in dev and ended up being put out seemingly unfinished and shallow.Pass on Spore and wait for an actual `` new '' `` innovative '' game to come out . Spore is not it .
 To professional reviewers -LRB- PC Gamer etc. . . -RRB- Will Wright is Moses coming down from Mt. Sinai . What Will Wright says is great gaming must be great gaming , because he 's so darn successful :-RRB- How dare mortals suggest that five years of his focused effort could produce an utter flop?After reading the gushing reviews of Spore , and having played it for close to twenty hours , I 'd like to point out some damning flaws in this game :1 -RRB- . What you create in the editors makes no difference to the game whatsoever . For example , if you build a tank with 10 guns jutting from all sides , this will be just as powerful as a tank with only 1 gun . Therefore , these is no incentive to build anything other than spheres for buildings etc. . .2 -RRB- . You do n't play this game . It plays you . Try leaving your planet in the space stage for longer than 10 minutes . Just try . And the journey to the center of the galaxy ? A repetitive and head-bangingly frustrating excercise in futility .3 -RRB- . The online spore `` Community '' is a total joke . Good look finding friends when you have to search by email ... and why does Spore import the ugliest creatures into my universe ? Why not import the most popular downloads ? For that matter ... 4 -RRB- . Why am I completely limited to anthropomorphic creatures ? I tried making a spider , for example , with eyes in every direction . The game still animates it as if its walking `` forward '' .5 -RRB- . No flying creatures -LRB- long hops do n't count -RRB- and no swimming/aquatic civs/creatures .6 -RRB- . DRM7 -RRB- . Civ Phase
 I waited half a decade for this ? Go back and watch the 2005 spore videos to see what the game could have and should have been . Its been reduced to a collection of mini games , and frankly the tribal mini game stage is terrible . Furthermore creature creation has been nerfed to where its stylistic as opposed to utilitarian.Oh and the DRM was the final straw . Lost Two stars for that one .
 This is ridiculous . I was given Spore Galactic for my birthday and like other Spore customers , I had major problems installing it . There were CRC failures while installing one of the audio package files . The installer says that it 's bad media.So I copied the game from DVD to my hard drive and installed from there . Same CRC bad media errors while installing one of the audio package files.Here 's what finally worked for me after ** 3 ** hours : Run the install.If you get errors click , `` ignore `` Install the EA Downloader Updater spyware.Uninstall Spore . Do not uninstall the EA spyware downloader updater software.Now run the install again!Presto ! It 's that easy ! Now one person in your home can have an account from which you can play Spore . That 's right , EA/Maxis have taken back their original promise -LRB- and page 52 of the manual -RRB- of multiple users per install . Now it 's just one account and , last I heard , EA/Maxis called the manual a `` misprint . `` I hate that the Spore website has had NOTHING about overcoming installation problems when I 'm seeing people complain and come up with a variety of solutions such as lowering your resolution , disabling dual monitors , redownloading from EA , etc.If these installation issues are related to DRM I will never buy another EA product again . I have games I install that are extremely old -LRB- Quake 3
 I have been looking forward to the release of Spore for years now . Since I discovered EA has implemented DRM on this game , I refuse to buy it . I hope that EA will realize the mistake they made and rethink their actions for future releases . I can not buy DRM software because I regularly format my HDD because of work and school.Please do n't fall for EA 's greed . If we pay for a game , we should be use it however we want to and reinstall it as many times as we would like .
 The creature creator is a lot of fun . The sludge/creature stages are interesting , though the creature combat gets tiresome and the control scheme is terrible.At the tribal stage the game basically takes an enjoyment nosedive.Given that it takes ~ a few hours max to get to this point the game is pretty bad value for money . You can create more creatures but it 's basically the same slog.You could do better for $ 49.99 , no doubt about it .
 I installed the game and decided to play on the Hard setting to get the most time and hopefully challenge for the money I spent . Off the get go the game was interesting and engaging . The game starts being awful when it lasts less than one hour on each stage and on the hardest difficulty offers less of a challenge than taking a nap for even the most casual gamer . The game lacks depth . Perhaps if they stuck to the original game concept with a more prehistoric and less googley eyed squeaky baby theme , they would have put out a decent product . What 's with only allowing you to install 3 times ? I do NOT recommend this product . I 'm currently trying to pawn it off to an unsuspecting friend for half price . OVERALL
 In his many interviews discussing the features of spore , Will Wright never once mentioned the aggressive DRM . Wonder why?I really feel bad for Wright . He had a pretty good vision for what could have been a really good game but corporate EA has totally ruined it for him . I just hope someone sends the link to all of these reviews to someone high up at EA , maybe things will change . I will actively avoid EA products from this point on .
 The DRM included in this game pretty much makes it unattainable for me . I would be a paying customer , but since I do n't like getting kicked in the face by the companies I would be supporting , I 'll skip out on this one yet again . I 'll probably buy some used copy for $ 5 . oo a few years down the road when there are some decent DRM removal utilities for the game , or if the publisher decides to remove this garbage.Stop treating your customers as criminals , thank you .
 It 's sad to see a great game suffering because the distributor includes DRM which punishes the people who buy the game .
 What had all the makings of an evolutionary , if not revolutionary , game was pooched for the following reasons : - Limited interaction between visible traits and numbers -LRB- determinations made by numerical analysis , not taking benefit of user created physical traits into consideration -RRB- - DRM
 I was looking forward to this game for years but choose to not purchase it as a means of supporting the protesters . DRM is an invasion of privacy and a violation of consumer rights . If the DRM is removed or if SPORE is released for consoles , then I may purchase it .
 I guess I did not read the DRM fine print ; I would have never purchased it if I knew I was renting it . I was very excited for this game to come out . After about 2 hours of playing it I found it to be very boring . The creation part is pretty cool but the actual game play is lacking . I got my spore up to ` civilization ' and probably wo n't go any further .
 I have literally been waiting for years for this game . As a Sim fanboy , I spent countless hours in front of a computer playing SimCity , SimFarm , SimTower and all of the other Maxis games.Unfortunately I 'm bring told to rent this game instead of given the opportunity to actually purchase it . This decision does n't affect the people planning on pirating this game , as I 'm sure it will end up cracked in a few weeks . This decision affects only those people who actually want to support this game , a group which is rapidly shrinking I 'm sure.Enough is enough , I will not support a project that is defect by design .
 ... and try to think like Blizzard or Valve
 Terrible DRM scheme , and $ 5 extra for their download service for ONE YEAR ? EA must be joking . You 're paying $ 55 to be able to install the game three times . Most gamers replace or upgrade their PCs frequently . Why buy a game which you ca n't play after two upgrades ?
 This `` game '' loads a program that keeps track of what you do with your own computer . It has nothing to do with gaming and the pirates will still have their nice clean copies . No way , do n't do it . Do n't support this treatment of good , honest gamers . I used to love PC gaming and this just makes me sick because I would have normally bought this games . Sad . Very sad .
 This game is awful , for the simple fact that EA treats their `` customers '' like criminals .
 I was looking forward to this game for over a year and got more and more excited as the game got closer to release . However , with the news of the awful DRM in the game there is no way I 'm paying for it . I already waited one year I can wait one more till when this game drops down to $ 5 . That 's about all its worth if I can only install it 3 times .
 I am pleased that the local game store was too wrapped up in pre-orders for me to get a copy of Spore this morning . I am also pleased that I came on amazon to see the ammount of 1 star ratings that have been posted since the games release . I want to own a copy of the games a purchase and the DMR essentially prevents that . Thanks for the poor reviews .
 The DRM present in this product is one of the more aggressive DRM campaigns by a major publisher . Unfortunately , this has made it impossible for me to purchase and enjoy a game I have wanted for quite some time . I understand the need for publishers to protect their content and ensure that they make a profit , but are n't there less restrictive ways to accomplish this ? If DRM really was so vital to profit for publishers , we would have seen these types of steps much sooner . I do not believe that the DRM on this product will drive sales of the game up . In fact , I am fairly confident that the game will see a much lower sales rate than was expected because of the excessive DRM that comes with the game.We have already been forced to suffer changes to modern games such as the infusion of ads into games by a variety of publishers - some of them even dynamic ad content . However , with these new profit-driving `` features '' , gamers have not seen any relief in the prices of games . If DRM really does provide for greater profits for publishers , would n't it make sense that we should see the price of these games drop in price from the standard new game price of $ 50 ? In short , I do n't believe that the inclusion of this level of DRM into Spore leads to a great experience for the people that purchase this game . I , for one , ca n't allow myself to buy the game in the state it is currently in . I urge any potential purchasers of this product to carefully consider the statement they are making about DRM when they buy it , and I recommend that they join the growing number of gamers that are sending a message to this game 's publisher by refusing to purchase the game until the DRM in the product is redone in a fashion that is usable to a large number of gamers .
 I was going to buy this game until reading the reviews here , and I absolutely must echo what has been said thus far.EA has the right to protect their product , but consumers have the right to use their systems . If I have a game that I can only install three times , that limits what I can do with my computer . If I want to reinstall my OS , or install a new OS -LRB- eg `` upgrade '' XP to Vista -RRB- , I now have to consider that I will be burning up one of my Spore installations.What gives EA the right to penalize me $ 50 for what I choose to do with MY computer ?
 I 'm done buying games that treat consumers like thieves and ruin my gaming experience because of the paranoia of greedy companies.When playing the pirate version is a better experience than playing the original game , something is very , very wrong.Wait for a DRM-free version or get the pirate one . EA must be sent a clear message that enough is enough .
 I love Will Wrights games , but this ... this is an insult to me as a person who enjoys games and as a paying customer . You can tell the budget went straight into the development of DRM , it punishes you because you dared to pay for the game you dirty honest customer , you should be ashamed . And the gameplay , lets just say that the only fun to be had is the creature and vehicle editor , everything else feels incomplete and clunky.Screw EA and their abusive practices . All of you honest , paying consumers should look into Stardock 's service called Impulse . They wo n't punish you for buying a game .
 I just had a awful experience with DRM on CS3 too and let me tell you that I WILL NOT PAY A DIME for another software that has DRM , let 's put it simple : there is a 3 times limit on installing the game , so -LRB- i do n't know you -RRB- i have to -LRB- normally -RRB- format my harddrive at least 6 times a year because of the nasty viruses that i get over the internet and all the stuff that gets in it ; so for me the game will work only for a while , because i know for sure that since there is no obligation for EA to give you a new activation , they will see suspicious that you have to install the game several times a year and they wont give me a new installation activation ; so i will have to spend another 50 dollars to buy a game that will -LRB- again -RRB- work for a few months . NO WAY I 'M GETTING INTO DMR TRAP AGAIN ! .
 `` Forget this one . I tried to install this on my laptop and it came up with errors . Uninstalled and tried again to install and had the same problems . Gave it one more try and still got errors trying to play . Maybe my laptop would not handle it . Then I tried to install it on my desktop this time I could not activate it , It has some kind of protection on it . So here I am with a $ 50.00 game and cant play it . What gives . This copy protection makes me think I cant do what I want with my $ 50.00 program . -LRB- I guess they have locked my copy -RRB- . NOW WHAT ? This was a lot of money for a piece of junk !
 Read carefully what all the other reviewers are saying about the DRM of this title ! The only way to stop publishers from forcing this DRM on the consumer is to not buy the products . Do not buy this game until the DRM is removed .
 After installing Spore i needed to remove the trojaner that were inserted into my PC , it unfortunately resulted in crashing my computer and a full days work at reinstalling everything was needed . I am now wery sceptically to EA and will not install anything that is newer than 1,5 year from them ...
 This game was a big let down . I read about it years ago and have waited for it , Well . . fun concept , but it gets boring , even my kids think it felt like it was missing something . I do n't recommend this game . I ca n't install it on more than 3 computers unless I call EA , I think this a joke.Why do you keep digging yourself in a hole EA ? You did it on this one .
 No company or individual has the right to install a rootkit on your computer without your permission and communicate with their servers without your knowledge . It 'd be alright if they came out and told people what they were doing , but they did n't . You install the game and you 've installed a corporate virus . It 's just wrong , and if the Sony situation is any indication , EA can look forward to some bad publicity and legal trouble .
 Spore had so much potential . Even in the simplified version that was released , there was so much potential to introduce new players to the strategy gaming I love.Instead , I come to find out that EA has decided to play around with the market on such an anticipated title . 2 reasons for saying this about Digital Rights Management
 I 'll make this quick , many people have already shared my exact sentiments.I have cancelled my two preorders -LRB- one Galactic Edition and another reg edition -RRB- for this game based on my ACTUAL experience with this draconian DRM scheme . For those who do n't know , google around for SecuROM and read the horror stories ... they are NOT hyperbole . I have a legitimate reason to have CD/DVD authoring software on my computer -LRB- I do editing and such , and AM NOT A PIRATE , thanks EA -RRB- and I have had NUMEROUS times where my software will flatout REFUSE to work if I have recently played one of these DRM 'd games -LRB- BioShock , Spore Creature Creator -RRB- . My recording drives will spit out error , after error , after error . Why in the name of all that 's holy is some third party SCANNING -LRB- because it scans your private windows registry -RRB- my computer , DECIDING since I have this software I MUST be a pirate , and then preventing me form using MY software that I need to do my JOB ? This is utter nonsense . How did I fix my problem ? Hard drive wipe and a nice fun windows re-install . Yay!I am so enthusiastically happy to see all the people giving future potential users fair warning about this outlandish DRM scheme . EA has known about the publics dislike for this DRM and have done absolutely nothing to ameliorate the problem ... well then I guess it was time for us to fight with tools . EA knew of the backlash that would result from this and thought nothing would come of it.Oops.Not only did I cancel my two orders but persuaded at last count , 9 other people to do the same , I know for sure THEY will tell their family/friends to follow suit . At my local unnamed gamestore there is LOTS of talk of people cancelling their preorder.Instead I 'm supporting forward thinking companies like STARDOCK . They have made one of the best games in a LONG time , Sins of a Solar Empire . This game is put out by a company who 's president -LRB- owner/CEO not sure -RRB- rightfully believes his customers to be loyal customers and not a bunch of eye-patch wearing , peg-legged hooligans . What a novel idea , thanks Brad ! His DRM `` scheme '' if you can call it that ? A simple serial number that is registered with Stardock that not not only entitles you to updates/patches etc. but also brand new additional content . Which if you pirated the game you will NOT get at all.Hehe , I wanted to make this short ... but this really gets me going.Will Wright , I would LOVE to play your game , you sir are a genius . Unfortunately , your publisher has decided that it would rather treat customers as PIRATES and enforce a dispicable `` solution '' on honest people . As such , I nor COUNTLESS others will be enjoying the game you lovingly crafted for us . This is bigger than your game . This is about corporations trampling over their honest , paying , customer base , thinking they can do whatever they want , and we will simply roll over and accept it . No , EA , it 's not going to happen anymore , enjoy the loss of sales.And to KJ Jarnot -LRB- corporate schill ? -RRB- Nobody wants to play or buy the game BECAUSE OF THE DRM ... it 's that bad . 1 Star reviews send a very strong message to EA , who has been warned about this for MONTHS now .
 Buyer beware . If you uninstall/reinstall this game more than 3 times , it will no longer work . If the servers required to authenticate the game go away , because the company goes out of business or because the company no longer supports the product , then the game will no longer work . You will be forced to resort to piracy in order to play a game that you paid for.Bad business , in my opinion .
 I was shocked when I read the news about the stupid DRM restrictions for this game . This kinda makes it the George Bush of computer games . It has no place on my hard drive !
 I DO NOT KNOW HOW THIS GAME PLAY 'S . I INSTALLED IT BUT IT WILL NOT LOAD ON MY HOME SYSTEM . THE OTHER SYSTEM I HAVE IS NOT CONECTED TO THE INTERNET SO EA WILL NOT LET ME PLAY A GAME THAT I PURCHASED WITH OUT EA 'S PERMISSION , -LRB- WHY -RRB- . THIS IS THE LAST TIME I WASTE MY MONER ON A EA GAME . EVERY TIME I HAVE PURCHASED A GAME FROM EA OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS MY COMPUTER WAS NOT UP TO THEIR STANDARDS . I AM TIRED OF BEING TOLD THAT MY VIDEO CARD OR THE AMMOUNT OF MEMORY WAS NOT UP TO EA 'S STANDARDS AND THAT I WILL HAVE TO UP GRADE TO PLAY OUR GAMES . GOOD BYE EA . MY MONEY WILL SPEND JUST AS GOOD FOR SOMEONE ELSE 'S GAMES .
 Overall , I liked the game . However , the parts I liked were over pretty quickly , leaving me in an utterly boring and tedious gamers hell.In the first stage , running around eating things -LRB- that about sums it up - not that I mind , it 's cool from an ecological perspective -RRB- , you had fewer options if you went plant-eater . Why ? Because you generally had to kill things to get the upgrades . My first time through I got only one upgrade , the one you get when they introduce the concept . The other three times through I 've gone meat-eater with a veg-eating extra mouth -LRB- it takes two mouths to be omnivorous ??? -RRB- . The second stage I quite enjoyed - fighting and dancing , it was all good . However , after the third time through it was pretty boring . Always the same . First time I was a plant-eating peace-nik , next time carnivorous aggressor , third time somewhere in between ... by then I made sure I got all the `` upgrades '' before I finished and it was fun , though the upgrades meant nothing in the next stage ... so why bother ? Next time it was just same-old , same-old . Third stage ... tribalism . I think the physical modifications should have mattered more here . All the effort from the previous stage was meaningless . I don a different hat and I go from peaceful gatherer to aggressive warmonger . I 've played through it three or four times , I wo n't play through it again.Fourth stage ... civilisation . Probably the most varied part of the game . Then again , I like Civilisation -LRB- the game -RRB- , so perhaps that 's part of it . Build units , run around negotiating and trading and making war , different units , lots of fun . I 've played a couple of games through this stage alone , in addition to the ones I 've progressed to/through this stage.Final stage - space age . Yay . Worst 4X game I 've ever played . This is where the game goes from 3 stars to 2 . Utterly boring and seems like an afterthought . First , you have one unit . You . You can try to explore the galaxy , but you 'll be called back to defend your home planet against SOMETHING so regularly you ca n't really venture far from the fold . Yes , you get allies who donate max one ship each -LRB- nice ! -RRB- , but if you die because some aggressive race has demanded more money than you have -LRB- by far , usually -RRB- and declared war on you , you lose them all and have to run around visiting your allies to beg for another ship to join you - again , one each.If you enjoy painting planets and making the game your own , forget it - you can do all that , but you have to engage in trade and exploration to do it -LRB- the tools are randomly found -RRB- , and you have to keep running off to defend your planet -LRB- s -RRB- from repetitive ills.If you enjoy combat , forget it - you get a couple of -LRB- admittedly pretty tough -RRB- friends to help you fend off enemies -LRB- who for some reason get to attack with large fleets even early in the epoch , though when you attack you get ... you . And your couple of friends -RRB- . Waging war on an enemy before you are maxed out in weapons is crazy , and even then you have your very few ships against many defenders.If you want to trade and explore , not so great either . You get three trade routes . Max . Then they ask for a tonne of money to buy their system , which really is n't worth it -LRB- and seems about the only point of a trade route -RRB- - they used to buy spice X from you for a lot of money when you visited , now they 're your own colony and do n't want it . Oh , and now they 'll also have random problems you need to come and solve . You can make a fair bit of money by constantly returning to your various colonies and picking up spice for trading ... however , that really limits your exploring because YOU are responsible for making money from your empire ... personally . By carrying out trade , sometimes between your own colonies -LRB- blue spice in one system was selling for 10x as much in my own colony next door , but I had to bring it there -RRB- . Finally , at this point all your evolutionary advantages are reduced to a couple of generic buffs based on your overall behaviour . If my wings got me some kind of blitz ground attack , that would be cool ... but those physical differences are meaningless beyond the second or third stage -LRB- I noticed my guys flew to other villages , but it did n't seem to help much -RRB- . Overall
 Does EA seriously think that it is okay to limit the number of computers that my copy of the game can be installed . I have two computers , I installed it on both to see which one runs better and now I only have one more move left before I have to `` plead my case '' . I wish I knew this before hand.Otherwise , the game is interesting and I like the various stages of life . However , I feel like the game play still resembles the other `` progress through history '' games.I still cant get past the `` anti-piracy '' thing and think the EA folks should have been more creative in achieving their goal . In my opinion that pushes this game down to a onestar rating .
 I 'd have to call Spore the biggest disappointment since Black and White , and a failure for similar reasons . For a game that 's marketed on the modifyability of its content , Spore has a surprising lack of it . Interactions are absurdly limited and flat . Every creature/vehicle/civilization / planet , no matter how it looks , behaves the same . There is no feel that you are controlling something unique.Games of similar genres with discrete species/factions are FAR more unique than the `` diverse '' ones presented in Spore . The tribe phase of Spore contains less diversity and content than `` Dune II
 I 'm just putting in my vote as well . I am currently on my third install due to some unrelated computer trouble , and I am fully expecting that I may have to deal with the same issue again . Which means , coaster disc , and $ 50 gone.I have always hated EA for their business practices , and the way they can take any good game , game idea , or game company , and turn it to suck , but this is just too much . Take a look at Valve , and Steam , and you get how DRM should be handled . If you lose your game , your machine , whatever , your license for the game is right there , you can redownload , reinstall , however many times you need . And no disc needed , so EA 's excuses for this problem are asinine.I actually just read a ZDnet review by Adrian Kingsley-Hughes today entitled `` Spore DRM could kill PC gaming , '' and he 's absolutely right . You handle the rights and license issues with PC gaming the way EA has , and you 're likely to send even honest gamers to the internet to acquire games without paying for them.I will say , I had the same issue with Bioshock when I bought it , but thankfully , 2K games fixed that issue not too long after , and now I can install -LRB- and more importantly , reinstall -RRB- that game on any of the computers I own , and without having to worry about DRM.EA should either see where other developers have succeeded , or at the very least , listen to the fans to find out where they 've failed . Either way , this needs to be fixed before it plagues another decent game .
 Thanks for the posts . Almost bought this to play with my kids . Limited users and BS DRM . Bogus .
 The title says it all ... I 've bought it on the first day it came out . But I 'll have to wait for it to show on Pirate Bay . Then I will al last be able to play that game without problems.Keep the good work EA . You are finally succeeding in converting a 55 years old customer who always had bought his games legit into a `` pirate '' . Thanks to your customer service too and its complete lack of response.Amazing how a publishing company can convert a great game into a pile of unusable junk with an evil DRM scheme and inexistant consumer support .
 This is one hoot of a game . The first stage is what could best be termed an FPE or First Person Eater ... I have n't got far along yet but I 'm getting a real feel for the sheer joy of the game . The DRM is already looking grim though :-LRB- I first loaded on my laptop to take on the road , and while it was OK , the performance might not quite be acceptable . So I plan to load it on my main gaming machine however , I 'm saving up to install Vista Ultimate which I suspect will burn a second DRM count . I have a new gaming maching coming for Christmas and will likely pass my current system on to another family member to use.So this means I will likely be on my last and final DRM count before the end of 2008 . So heaven help me if I have a disk-crash or perform any more hardware upgrades ! I ca n't believe I am too far off mainstram yet Spore is likely to be totally undermined by the insanity of EA!Update , I doubt that my DRM quota will be challenged !! Alas , Spore -LRB- unlike it 's land-creatures -RRB- is lacking legs . It started off really promising too , after some initial fun times playing the four early stages , the space game simply bogs you down . After several days playing the space game , I started to lose interest . Excessive micromanagement becomes paramount towards the later stages of the game . Constant interruptions from colonies needing help add to the tedium as do the number of civilizations who start to `` hate '' you and attack incessently!The wonderful creations that you and other Spore players build and share become cute but totally irrelevant artifacts in the game . So I 'm sorry , but Spore goes back on the shelf to gather dust .
 This is a game I will never play , although I have a computer capable of playing it and the income to easily afford it.Ignoring the fact that by and large , Spore is getting extremely `` meh '' reactions , I refuse to be victimized for my patronage . Namely , the clunky and pointless DRM strapped on the game . I believe that when I purchase a product , I am entitled to use it however I want , as long as I want , for the lifetime of the product . I should not be subject to the whims of another company and should not hope the activation servers are around when I want to play it.Only buy this game if you enjoy Bejeweled and do n't mind being a loyal victim instead of a loyal customer .
 The horrific DRM on this game only hurts the customers willing to pay for it . People who have pirated it -LRB- and there were torrents out for it BEFORE the official release -RRB- do n't have to deal with the problem , and CLEARLY it does n't solve the issue of pirating.As such , I 've been looking forward to Spore for years , and I was going to buy it right away ... but it looks like I 'm either going to wait a while to see if EA gets a clue and does away with the DRM , or if I do end up playing it , probably wo n't end up paying for it . And I really , truly did want to give $ 50 for the concept . I just ca n't morally allow myself to support a company violently raping its customers like this .
 I recently bought the game . But because I like to tinker with my computer a lot I often reinstall windows . This is a common thing to do and this is what they do at GeekSquad if you have a serious compouter problem.I just found out that if I re-install windows on this computer , THE SAME COMPUTER , NOT DIFFERENT COMPUTERS , that spore will stop working after three times . So since I re-install windows at least once every 2 months , I have effectively paid 50 dollars to RENT this game for six months.I still play the Sims 2 and all its expansion packs after many years , and over 7 re-installs of windows xp . But with this game I will be cut off from the product I purchased after 6 months.DO not purchase this game unless you are sure that you will not need to reinstall windows due to a virus or hardware upgrade or even upgrading from xp to vista . It will be rendered unusable .
 I bought into all the hype for this game . In fact , I thought it was going to live up to at least some of the hype.It is too bad I will never be able to find out for myself because I refuse to purchase this game with DRM attached to it.Terrible move , EA . I hope some of your representatives take a look at these reviews and realize how you have alienated a significant number of your customers.Bad Business 101 .
 I have looked forward to this game since it was announced . My son and I discussed how very cool it was . What a concept . I even bought Creature Creator , when it was released in anticipation of the game 's release . I really wanted to buy this game and my son did too . Sorry , EA , I refuse to lease this game for fifty bucks . My son and I were both born , however it was n't yesterday . I think this move has cost EA more sales than would ever have lost to pirates . I do n't steal DVDs , music or games , as my purchase history with Amazon will attest . I will NOT lease this game.Terry
 Throwing in my support against securom . I 've legally purchased a good ten PC games in the past month but none of them restrict when I can play them . As a FULL RETAIL PRODUCT this fails . I refuse to put software on my computer that behaves similar to a rootkit .
 And please do note that I had minimum hype to this game , if anything I was expecting it to be bad . But I had to try it because I did feel that many people were extremely excited about this game , even when I was pretty much ignoring the development of this game , I could hear it -LRB- easily -RRB- about people talking about it and being excited about it.I have played this game for around 20 hours -LRB- roughly two 10 hours session -RRB- with ` normal ' difficulty . And personally I think this game has some rather serious game play problems.For start , I think that each ` level ' is too uneven . The cellular level , which I enjoyed , was extremely short comparing to other levels ; and most likely I have enjoyed it because it was short -LRB- it plays like some very simple classic arcade games -RRB- . But I did enjoy hiding and running away from larger microorganisms , the getting larger and `` zooming out '' effect , and later , designing a microorganism that plays well in the `` soup '' . However , both the creature and tribe level played like a tutorial in my opinion , they felt incomplete in both concept and features . The creature level seems to consist mainly in collecting remains , hunting and/or making friends ; with collecting remains/parts being an extra.Hunting is so-so , it reminded me strongly World of Warcraft combat system -LRB- even if I know there are many other games that uses cool down on the `` moves '' -RRB- but with only mainly 4 moves ; considering the length of the creature level , it actually become dull to me rather quickly . Making allies played more like a mini-game , one that reminds me of `` memory toys '' that you buy for young kids ; the ones where it shows certain pattern of colour/sound and whoever playing it must repeat it . This `` mini-game '' main difference with the `` memory toys '' is that instead of repeating the pattern after listening/seeing the whole pattern , you do it right away -LRB- so more a mimic , as stated in the hint during the game -RRB- and the fact that your parts affect how much the `` happy meter '' fills in each interaction.So I think both the combat and the allies making game play were over simplistic . But what made me feel wrong in the creature level is how everything felt generic and artificial . All nests were scattered around with roughly the same pattern and distance , all nests had roughly the same amount of creatures . It felt like that everything was placed in such way so that you can accomplish -LRB- easily -RRB- your objectives -LRB- making allies or exterminating species -RRB- . I seldom see a creature attacking another creature , I never saw nests being invaded and I never saw other creatures making allies.Pretty much the same apply for the tribe level , 3 combat units , 3 social units , 3 gathering units and 2 miscellaneous unit -LRB- healer and chieftain -RRB- ; it actually played like a rehash of the creature level , lack of combat options -LRB- in this case , units -RRB- , extremely simple allies making system -LRB- produce the right instruments , crowd request a certain instrument , you press the corresponding button to make the `` happy meter '' go up -RRB- , and general artificial/generic feeling -LRB- like the location of your tribe with other , which was almost a perfect circle -RRB- . Advancing to the civilization stage , not much has changed in terms of core game play . It just took slightly longer to complete not because of the higher difficulty but because of the increase of targets -LRB- all other civilizations -RRB- . You have 3 -LRB- not so different -RRB- approaches to take control another civilization
 I purchased Spore the first day it was available . I was very excited and installed it on my vista laptop and the install seemed to go fine . Unfortunately , after the installation nothing appeared on my desktop or my program list . I tried installing it again with no luck . I immediately tried to contact customer service and could n't find a phone number . So I sent an email . A day later I got a response asking for my name , email , credit card number , and order number . At this point I was really frustrated but I sent the information they asked for . And got no response . It has now been a week - nothing . I googled the problem and discovered that many other Vista users were having the same issue . I was finally able to play the game by going into Program Files/Sporebin and running the game as an administrator . The game itself is fun , but I am so frustrated with customer service that I ca n't give it a good review . Installation help is pretty basic customer service.UPDATE : I eventually did get the game up and running -LRB- with no help from EA -RRB- but it is now collecting dust on my shelf . It starts off strong but as you progess through the game it looses its creativity and there are a lot fewer things to do . It 's almost like they published it before they were really finished .
 I 've played through the whole game and I will say that it is fun . All the stages leading up to the space stage , however , are terribly monotonous and at points , frustrating . Once you 're at the space stage though , you get the feeling that this is the part they were really building you up to . It 's in depth and keeps you busy . The worst part is the amount of attacks you constantly get on your own planets if you 're adjacent to an angry empire.So , for the whole game , it really was n't what I was expecting . It does n't play homage to what we were really lead to believe which was a demonstration of evolution . It 's a lot closer to The Sims instead of Sim City , which is endlessly annoying . Maxis needs to think more about the serious gamers and not about the 13 year old girls that want to decorate a pretty house.About the DRM . Yeah , it 's crap . EA should have known that instituting this would lead to a massive pirating campaign . They definitely dropped the ball . Having released your run of the mill PC game @ $ 49.99 would have been perfectly acceptable . It would have generated less pirates . They really seem to be punishing legitimate buyers of the game and that simply is n't fair . Granted you can add more activations if necessary , it will certainly be an unnecessary aspect and possibly an unavailable feature in the future .
 I must applaud any game that tries to educate people about evolution . It is an important topic , and the fact that many Americans refuse to accept it despite the mountains of evidence is a cause of great distress over the nation 's future.On the other hand , I would n't call Spore an ` evolution simulator ' at all . A true evolution simulator would n't need a player at all except maybe setting up the initial conditions . That 's the whole point - evolution by natural selection . Not some unnamed , unproven designer through some vague and mysterious and unknown process . Simple natural selection.As an evolution simulator , Spore fails horribly , and I fear it may perhaps enforce certain frightening misconceptions many -LRB- willfully or not -RRB- ignorant people have about the subject.The game itself plays like 5 minigames , but all except the last one seems watered down experiences of other franchises - flOw , Age of Empires , Civilization , etc.Plus , it has DRM . Honestly , in this day and age , having DRM is as outdated and pointless as having a steam-powered car . There are better , safer ways to protect your property . Shame on Maxis and EA for not seeing this PR backlash coming from a mile away . Shame .
 Enough said . I refuse to buy anything that 's packaged with SecuROM/DRM on it . Get rid of it and maybe I 'll think about picking it up .
 I wanted to buy this game , but my work is such that i swap computer parts all the time and i often reinstall my pc . So i say no to EA and their nazi drm system .
 Now imagine a computer game company programming into their video game so that you can only install it 3 times . That 's it . Have to reformat ? Buy a new computer ? You 're screwed . $ 50 bucks down the tube . And in 5 years when you want to go back and install it again , because you loved that Spore game way back in ' 08 ? Nope . Screwed.Now , imagine if `` Monopoly '' or `` Risk '' or `` Chutes and Ladders '' or `` Boggle '' or a DECK OF CARDS stopped working after you pulled them out of their box the 3rd time ... Because that 's exactly what EA is doing here with Spore . And on top of that , installing the game installs MALWARE/JUNKWARE onto your computer that you can never uninstall ! Can you believe that ?!?!
 I consider Securerom DRM and DRM in general is as low or lower than pedophiles , drug dealers , and telephone solicitors.I went through this B.S. with Bioshock 's SecureRom DRM after three installs . I found a crack/workaround on the web and vowed never to buy DRM protected software again .
 These reviews are more like signatures on an anti-DRM petition , rather than judging the game , so they may not be entirely fair . However , EA needs to get the message that DRM is unacceptable and unfair . Like anything else in life , crooks will always find a way around safeguards . EA needs to learn their lesson . We , their customers , dedicated gamers , will not stand for this nonsense .
 I refuse to buy anything with such DRM issues . The game industry can feel however it wants , but it 's not getting my money . I 'm not going to bother getting this game , no matter how hyped up it is
 I have n't played this game , but seeing as everyone is giving it a 1 star review because of the DRM , I figured I 'd jump on the Let 's Bash Spore and EA bandwagon while it still did n't leave town . So yea , down with DRM !
 The new type of DRM that Spore uses and that EA has put to use with Mass Effect is an absolutely inacceptable means of piracy prevention . All it does is harass the honest costumer while pirates can use their cracked versions without any kind of DRM . I was looking forward to Spore and Mass Effect . But I 'll never buy those two games , unless there will be a new DRM free version.Other EA titles that I was looking forward to but which I wo n't buy if they have this kind of protection : - Dead Space - Mirror 's Edge
 This game was great the first time I played from cell to space stages . The second time thru with a new creature was just ok . By the third game , it was too boring to play . Each stage is just too simple . Cell stage is fine for what it is , pretty fun , but no matter what you do you will get the same number of DNA points and then it 's time to move on to the next stage . If you wait to play longer it does n't matter because you ca n't get any more DNA to use for upgrades.The next stage , Creature , is fine since you are just working out your creatures strengths and learning how you want to evolve it . After playing it a couple of times it quickly feels like it runs long and you start just going through the motions of either killing or befriending other creatures . You go as long as you want to aquire as much DNA until you are satisfied with your creature . As you progress you get more DNA you eventually get the option to move on to the next stage.Then comes Tribal . You are done designing your creature and now give them an outfit . You control the group now , and much like Creature stage , you either kill or befriend the other Tribes . The only new elements are that you have to keep food stores now to birth new members of the tribe and buy buildings . I was disappointed with the rigid format that forces you to put buildings in predesignated spots in your village . The village itself is basically one unit that you add on to . It would be nice to be able to place everything freely to give each village some unique personality . You now get some tools to help with killing or befriending the other villages . But again the main theme here is SIMPLE . No depth . Once you either kill or ally with the other villages you get to move on.Civilization stage is the biggest disappointment . It is basically an RTS , but is put to shame by RTS games from 10 years ago . You get to design and build only one type of combat unit for the air , sea and ground . No variety , no depth . Yes you can build the unit based on military , economic or religious warfare , but it does n't really matter . You still just send them off to attack enemy cities . This stage also forces you to build the limited number of buildings available on predesignated spaces in your city , so your city is basically one unit that you add on to , and all cities are virtually the same -LRB- with the exception that each building has a custom style -RRB- . Once you take over all the cities , you move on.Now you go off into space . You have just one ship to colonize planets , fight hostile worlds , befriend other worlds , go on missions and defend your planets from constant pirate attacks . It is too much to do with one ship so progress is slow . Even when you get to add a ship as you make allies , it is just like having a pack in Creature stage . The ships are there with you wherever you go . You ca n't build fleets up , you ca n't build defense forces for your planets . You ca n't do much with planets other than terraform to get more spice to sell . It quickly becomes repetative and boring . The Space stage of the game could have truly been great , but is just too shallow.In the end it feels like this game was designed for gradeschoolers .
 Its a shame this product was ruined by DRM ... wo n't be buying it until they correct it .
 DRM is a terrible protection system and EA and other publishers need to know . Do n't use DRM .
 I was so psyched about this game until I read about the DRM . I would have totally purchased it.I -LRB- like other gamers -RRB- actually use my computers , upgrade and maintain them . I buy new components , hard drives , etc when I need them . I do n't understand the need that EA feels to only allow 3 installs before turning the game off . Thats just too limiting.It does n't bother me so much that it HAS DRM , but that the DRM is so limiting . And has so few activations . I 'd consider buying it if there were 5 . I 'd buy it , if there were 10 . I 'd also consider buying it with 3 if it cost less . I 'd buy it if activations were added every 6 months of play , etc.Too restrictive , so no purchase from me .
 good games will sell , look at sins of a solar empire , your just hurting the people that buy your game . wtf !
 I did a lot of research before making any buying decisions.The creature creator is the best part of the game . The freedom of creativity is incredible , yet the rest of the game is unexciting . It does remind me a lot of the Sims . Building a house was the best part there . The micromanagement of your children was a chore . The short single-player play time of Spore is reason enough not to buy the game . It 's really designed to be played on-line , and you have to be on-line because of the DRM.The DRM is the worst part of Spore . You 're guilty as any software pirate until your system is put through EA 's body cavity search . You do n't have a choice but to load secretly invasive SecurRom software that invades your system like a tapeworm . Then , do n't change your video drivers because that will use up an activation . It 's been reported on numerous sites . Do n't upgrade your computer either , because that will trigger an activation . Why ca n't EA just use the key disk paradigm instead of activation?Activation is a horrible idea overall , a violation of privacy , a slap in the face of every buyer . There are plenty of other games out there without DRM . You 're better off checking them out first .
 The DRM in this game is unreasonable . You have three total activations , and you do n't get an activation back for an uninstall . Do n't buy it .
 I 've got one computer for work and internet-related things and one for games , which is graphically superior , completely virus free , and not connected to the internet . One would think that one could purchase a single-player game with no appreciable internet content and play it on one 's computer , but EA lately seems to regard its products not so much as games for the consumer to enjoy , but as Trojan Horses in which to deliver their spyware to the consumer 's hard drives . The fact that I shelled out fifty dollars for a game that would n't let me play it pissed me off enough with Mass Effect , and then I had to go through two levels of management to return an opened game to the store where I had purchased it . I 'm certainly not going to repeat the same mistake with Spore , which is a shame , because it looks kind of fun . Not worth letting a game company take over your computer , though , and not worth 50 $ to admire the box and the loading screen , which is all you 'll get if you do n't let them go on the internet and have their way with your computer ... . So , buying a legitimate copy is out . Guess I 'll have to pirate it if I want to play it . That 's a little bit ironic .
 The DRM is beyond crippling for me . I breath computers for a living and may entirely reinstall more than 5 times a year at a minimum . It 's sad to see supports get the shaft while the pirates get the goods .
 Was looking forward to playing this game . However after finding out about the 3 install limit I will save my money , unless the DRM is removed .
 DRM -- Just say NO!Take away the DRM though and you 'll find a pretty decent game !
 I love PC gaming . I 've been gaming since Monkey Island on my 386 DX . Back then , copy protection consisted of a code wheel that was needed to answer a question when I loaded up the game . Big whoop.Nowadays , DRM is the big thing . I 'm sorry but having registry entries that I have no control over in the name of intellectual property protection is the same exact concept as rootkit made infamous by Sony . EA has taken that crown from Sony - congrats EA ! It 's funny how EA 's Peter Moore claims that he 's behind the gamers all the way but lets DRM schemes like the modified Securom stuff slip.I hate the fact that I only get 3 activations . I hate the fact that I 'm basically required to be online at all times for the game to function correctly . Come one ! Even Steam has an offline mode ! EA can learn a few things from other companies such as STARDOCK . Stardock not only has fans but followers . They buy the games and all they have to do is register their CD key for updates that are completely optional.EA should take a good look in the mirror and do their best to put themselves in the shoes of the consumer . I do n't think they themselves would be happy with the draconian copy protection scheme . The pirates have been left completely unaffected by DRM - Securom , Tages , Starforce , etc. . Their culture is healthy and it 's still kicking . We , the legit consumers -LRB- including me - a reformed pirate -RRB- get the shaft continuously and I 've had it.Hey EA , suck it . You may have gotten my money already but I 'm sure my message along with a good number of others here will turn some opinions and plans when it comes to buying your malware ridden software . Sorry Maxis but you LET this happen .
 The game wants you to activate over the Internet . Mine would not activate . I spent some time trying to get through on the phone , then realized I really did n't need this hassle every time I reinstall it . I just took the software back and returned it.You are NOT buying this game . You are renting it . If you do n't like DRM just get something else . This was a total ripoff .
 I really wanted to buy this game , so badly . Then I found out about the DRM.EA went too far with this . Two things are going to happen : + People that buy this title are going to regret ever installing it . This can only lead to a less stable system , to having less free memory , to weird crashes . Even when not playing the game ! + The DRM will be cracked , and then the pirates will have a great time with the game , without any of the downside that the paying clients have to endure.EA , why should I pay to have an experience that will be more negative than a pirated version?Since I ca n't buy the game , and ca n't play it , I get no fun . Hence the rating .
 I was really excited about buying the game . It really hurts me to say it but this DRM is really a problem for me . The sad thing is the real criminals already have cracked the DRM . It 's us the regular users that get shafted .
 I was really looking forward to this game until I heard about the draconian licensing methods EA put in it . I wo n't be buying it now thank you very much .
 Amazon.com reviews and complaints are nice , but EA will only react to horrible sales numbers .
 Completely overhyped terrible terrible game boring as anything all aside from the fact that if you buy it you cant play it thanks to the DRM . Next .
 See those older 5-star reviews from 2006 -LRB- two years before the game was released -RRB- ? Well , they had a reason to be excited . Spore was supposed to be a revolutionary experience , combining multiple genres while concentrating on evolution and genetics.Fast forward two years and here we have the finished product , ready to be installed on our hard drives.First of all , the game incorporates a draconian DRM system that requires you to activate over the internet , and limits you to a grand total of 3 activations . If you reach that limit , then you 'll have to call EA in order to add one extra activation . That 's not as simple as it sounds , since when you reach that point EA will assume that you , the paying customer , are a filthy pirating thief . You will need to provide proof of purchase , reasons why the limit was reached , etc , etc -LRB- it has all happened before with another recent EA product , Mass Effect -RRB- . EA , of course , is not obligated to grant you that extra activation or even provide that service . In a couple of years they might very well even shut down the general activation servers , because `` it 's not financially feasible '' to keep them running . What you will be left with is a nice , colorful $ 50 coaster . And you will be required to pay for another copy/license if you want to continue playing.This basically means that you are actually RENTING the game , instead of owning it . The game WILL stop to function in the future . That 's inevitable , because even if EA keeps the activation servers going , there IS going to be a time when EA will simply cease to exist because of financial issues or federal laws -LRB- like most businesses eventually do -RRB- . Second , the game was dumbed down to oblivion . Evolution does n't even matter anymore . For example , you can add as many legs to a creature as you want , but the multi-legged creature wo n't be any faster than a single-legged one with higher leg stats . This gameplay element makes `` creating '' your creatures entirely pointless -LRB- cosmetic only , because everything is based on stats -RRB- , and brings you about the same amount of excitement as dressing up a plastic doll .
 I 've been a fan of Will Wright for many years and when I first started hearing about Spore years ago I was very excited.I watched the videos and they looked superb . I downloaded the creature creator and it too was excellent!Finally the day came when Spore was released and I went to my friend 's house to play it . I was super excited!He said it was so lame that I could have it . I did n't listen to him and was overjoyed to have been given his copy ! I rushed home and installed it.EPIC DISAPPOINTMENT.I played through the whole thing hoping in vain that it would get better but feeling the bitter sting of FAIL with every passing moment.The Cell phase - A pretty and cute rehash of the PSP game `` Flow '' . Lasted all of 20 minutes with the only consequence being choosing a mouth and a diet.The Creature phase - The best of all the levels , but that 's not saying much.You painstakingly created a creature by grinding through a bland `` world '' , and performing the same repetitive actions over and over again ; killing or charming creatures that all hang around sullenly by identical nests . By the time you `` level up '' your creature and are ready to progress to Tribal phase , you get a nasty surprise.Tribal phase - All the stats you grinded for in the Creature phase are now useless and you now get to play an insultingly simplistic , kiddie version of Age of Empires or other similar RTS games.Again you must repetitively charm or attack other creatures but this time you are viewing your painstakingly designed creature as a speck from a bird 's eye view . You get to dress your creature in clothes now -LRB- only a few choices -RRB- and Tribal phase is over faster than you can say `` WTF ? `` Civilized phase - Now you have a crappy template city and you design your buildings , ships and such with the sweet editor only to once again view them as specs . Now you 're playing Starcraft but the shiny , shallow kids version . Why did I design all this cool stuff again ? I ca n't even see it and I 'm bogged down by a boring , linear clone of an old game.Space phase - You are now trapped in your speck-sized spaceship for the rest of the game and can only get out as a clunky `` hologram '' that can not interact with anything -LRB- but can be killed by other creatures for some reason . -RRB- You have ONE ship and spend your time jumping from star to star looking at planet after bland planet and running errands for aliens who appear as icons similar to games released in the early 90 's . So that 's it . You can visit and terraform planets -LRB- which more or less all look the same -RRB- and look at other colonies , trapped in your spaceship and constantly under attack from `` pirates '' of whom you must destroy using the buggy space laser system . You can create another dull planet if you like to contain another template `` city '' but that 's it.That 's the end.The whole game is a collection of 5 unoriginal , regurgitated , simplistic and insultingly easy minigames with a nice custom content editor that serves no purpose whatsoever in the game itself.All the customizable content is 100 % cosmetic . For looks only and nothing more.My extreme disappointment can barely be verbalized . The videos of the game still look superb and EA doubtlessly reserved these features for the real cash cow - expansion packs.Hey , Will . Make a Sims 2 style Spore with lots of complexity , voluntary combat , interaction , variation and surprises and you may have something.Right now all you have is a lousy collection of minigames and a whole lot of disappointed fans.Glad I did n't buy it and hope my review saves others from the total let down that is Spore .
 This game has some revolutionary concepts , such as automatically shared user content and amazing design tools -LRB- that were already introducted and perfected , and some would say superior by Galactic Civilizations 2 years ago -RRB- . However , there is no ` game ' here . As some people put , the ` game ' amounts to over simplified tasks that are monotonous and repetitive . The creature stage is n't as fun as you would imagine , as not all the parts are available , and even if they were , you are encouraged to use the ` highest stat ' part effectively limiting you to maybe 6-10 parts to place onto your creature.Why would you use a cool looking mouth with a social rating of ' 1 ' if that means that you ca n't befriend the other tribes and hence progress in the game ?? Basically , many of the parts become useless , no matter how good they look . Furthermore , other creature nests -LRB- only one nest per species -RRB- are arranged with weak creatures immediately around you , and progressively higher level creatures at increasing distances . How predictable . Basically , its designed so that you only explore or run around your immediate nest . I always imagined finding random creatures walking around , hunting , eating , grazing , finding mates , etc. . Nope . All creatures basically hang around IN or NEXT TO their nest . How lame . So basically there is no mixing of the creatures . Creatures dont wander around the world as you would think . They are all found in clumps and really only have limited interactions with each other -LRB- limited since they only interact -LSB- partially -RSB- with surrounding nests , as they dont wander around the world -RRB- The civilization stage is HORRIBLE . Basically it amounts to the most simplified and boring RTS I have ever played . Quickly grab a few resources , and then keep clicking on ` create vehicle ' and send it to the enemy city . Repeat the last 2 steps endlessly and you have the game . No strategy , no thinking , no variety . You might as well have a script do this for you.Then there 's the DRM . Let me just clarify what people are saying by adding , it not only counts installations , but changes to your hardware ! Upgrade a system component -LRB- memory , CPU , vid card -RRB- and you are out an installation . Not that it matters because its really a pretty bad game -LRB- except for the creation tools -RRB- Nice job . Basically I just paid $ 50 for a coaster .
 I played with the creature creator a bit and had a good time . I long ago pre-ordered Spore and have not had time to look further into the game as it approaches release . When I finally did , a few days ago , I discovered that they are implementing the absurd SecuROM DRM.I have no interest in paying full price for a game that I will be severely restricted from being able to play at a later point . Presuming installation is flawless , the current restriction to `` three installs '' is something any user will exceed long before their interest in the game does.In my situation , I would be installing it on my desktop and my laptop . I would only ever be playing one of these systems at a time so there would be no violation of the ridiculous EULA most products have . Only one instance would ever be operated simultaneously and only by me , the owner -LRB- well , renter as EA and SecuROM would have it -RRB- . This would mean that as soon as I ever had to reinstall an OS on my desktop or laptop , I 'd be screwed out of the game unless I wanted to buy it again for full price -LRB- and what happens if you want to enjoy the game a few years down the road and re-install it -RRB- ? Think about that for a minute . Even if you never upgrade your hardware or buy a new computer or use a different computer -- how often -LRB- presuming you 're using Windows of course -RRB- do you reinstall your operating system ? And each time , you have to reinstall the game . If you 're an XP user , you 'll probably install the game . Then you 'll upgrade to Vista . That 'll be another install . Two down ; one to go . Then you may need to re-install vista from scratch for any number of miserable reasons . And that will be your third strike . You better hope that you never * ever * need to change or adjust that system for any reason if you like Spore.Imagine applying this to other products . What if you could only watch purchased DVDs on one specific DVD player and once you 've played it on that system , you could never play them on another one . No lending them to your friends . No buying a new player . No watching it on your payer in different rooms . No selling your used DVDs . And if your player dies and you buy a new one , you 'll have to re-purchase the movie . Would n't that be silly ? Perfectly good content that you have physically sitting in your hand that you paid handily for and have every right to own and use ... only ... you do n't own it and ca n't use it.I only wish I had known this sooner . It is already in the process of being shipped so I ca n't cancel the order . Once it arrives , you better believe I 'm going to hand it right back to the UPS driver and tell him I refuse to accept delivery.This is truly unfortunate . I 'm a fan of Will Wright , even if some of his more recent games have not been geared toward the traditional simulation or Sim City fan and have been aimed more at the `` decorate a bedroom and play house '' crowd . I 'd love to give Wright my support . But EA is making that impossible with this ridiculous scheme . I 'm not a thief . Do n't treat me like one .
 With 1 computer we were planning on playing Spore with our seperate logons the same way we play other games . But that 's a big no go ! EA has seen fit to not allow multiple logons ON THE SAME COMPUTER !! So we have to settle for limiting ourselves with sharing the universe . This would be OK if it were just the 2 of us but I 'd like to let my son play too . But with 3 of us we 're limited to 2 planets per and will end up unlocking things that the other 2 have n't earned yet etc. . . This user limitation is just dumb . Does EA expect families to have 1 computer per family member ?!? I 'd love that but ca n't afford it.I will be attempting to return the game . Maybe later on we can buy it again when EA fixes this issue .
 It was supposed to change the way games are played , it was supposed to be ground breaking . It had been dubbed `` Sim-Everything `` Expectations for this game were high ... I knew better , having been a veteran of games such as Black & White . Nonetheless , I was determined that I would enjoy this game , that I would love it . And I tried very hard to see the good in it , but after around a week of time spent with it ... I have to say that my interest is wearing thin . I 've already exhausted all novelty that this game has to offer , and there is very little in the way of depth to keep me interested . The Cell Game is probably the most excited you will ever be when you play this game.The most important and touted aspect of this game - the creature evolution , is simplified to such a degree that the game affords virtually nothing like evolution , its more like . . A very simple and shortened Action/Adventure type game that only takes 1-2 hours to play from beginning to end . It also distinctly lacks variety in gameplay , despite the virtually unlimited amount of user-created content available . While this content does number in the hundreds , and will likely soon be in the thousands , of millions of different things , it is generally amateurish and uninteresting to most people . Also unpleasant shapes and/or names for user created objects are not uncommon.The space game does get interesting for awhile . Mostly due to the on-the-surface vastness it possibly offers ... and it does for awhile . The power to destroy a planet offers significant appeal to ones geeky megalomaniacal side and its `` Star Wars '' flashbacks . -LRB- You may fire when ready ! -RRB- But only so much of this may truly keep one 's interest for any length of time , and when that is exhausted -LRB- all too soon ! -RRB- there is sadly little to bring a person back to this game again.All of that is really not so bad . It is a great game for young children , it is -LRB- generally -RRB- family friendly , and light easy gaming fun . Not for hardcore gamers , but this has been known since early development of the game . Its gameplay depth is in the vein of `` The Sims '' . Which Is a game I thoroughly enjoyed.No , all that considered would still have made me give this game 3-4 stars , as the game itself does deserve a lot of credit for doing what it tried to do as well as it does . No other game designer on Earth is capable of doing this like Will Wright has.What makes this game one star is the police-state nature of its copy protection . Three installs , and then you are out of luck . EA claims that this can be rectified for those with legitimate reasons , but of course , this is an exaggeration on their part - they will make you pay for more installs of this game . The DRM has already failed to prevent cracking and piracy of this game . So now , it only punishes legitimate users who properly paid for copies of their game . The only practical purpose of the DRM , therefore , is forcing honest people to pay for the game again if they decide to upgrade their hardware , or get a new computer , more than twice.EA really should be ashamed of itself for this despicable business practice . Treating their customers like criminals , and then providing absolutely abominable customer service to the people who have allowed EA to become the massive corporation that it is.Its rather likely , that this will be the final game I purchase from that publisher , if they feel that they are able to treat their customers in this way , than I do n't wish to be one . My software purchases only amount to several hundred dollars a year , but its several hundred that they wo n't be seeing again ; and they could have , if only they demonstrated that they truly wished to have my business .
 Unfortunately , this game had SO much potential . Seeing the demo videos and trailers ... and it coming from the Sim master himself , I figured this game would be tremendous fun.I tried the Creature Creator utility -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- and had some fun with it.Sadly , they managed to mess up this game . The creatures do not evolve , they only Level Up . Aside from the ability to customize the LOOK of your characters to a marvelous degree , the ABILITIES stay the same . If you level up two completely different-looking creatures - say one with blades for hands and bipedal ... and the other some gentle looking thing with 6 legs ... guess what ? They BOTH have the SAME abilities to hunt , walk , mate and Level Up if you play them the same way.I think that 's the biggest failure of this game . I get more variety from stat-based Levelling Up in Square-Enix games !
 I just got through a massive headache dealing with DRM for Adobe Photoshop CS3 . I 've dealt with massive headaches from DRM from Civ3 gold . All of this is on a very high end vista PC . Thanks , but no thanks . I was excited about the concept of this game for many months . That is until I found out about the DRM it uses . I will not buy software with DRM ever again , particularly if they limit the installs to something ridiculous like 3 . Update -LRB- 9/12/08 -RRB-
 The DRM is not really a problem on this game since you wo n't be installing it more than one time . Of course , EA did n't know that , and their DRM is invasive and unacceptable . You should pass up this clunker for that reason alone.However , there are other reasons as well . The gameplay is SO boring and dumbed down that it appears to be aimed at five-year-olds . Most of the much-ballyhooed editors actually do nothing at all . That 's right , they have no effect on gameplay WHATSOEVER . You can spend ten hours in the building editor , making models for EA -LRB- that 's right , they own all your creations -RRB- but these models will have no effect at all on your in-game stats.Spore is essentially a collection of five separate minigames , all of which are dumbed down to the level of 5-minute Flash games with glitzy graphics . There is little or no integration between the various minigames . That means that what you do in Cell stage has very little real impact even in Creature stage , aside from what mouth you choose . Do you want to eat meat only , plants only , or everything ? OK , so you spent 15 minutes choosing your mouth.Then we get to Creature stage , where the awful realization of the terrible debacle that is Spore begins to hit . See , Cell stage is much too short , too simple , and with too few choices , but it 's not until you reach Creature Stage that you begin to understand how completely EA dropped the ball here.But in Creature stage , it becomes apparent very quickly that what you do in the editor has very little effect on gameplay . If you get an eye , or a nose , it does nothing . Creature form does nothing , other than the creature having to face its prey with a mouth to bite . I understand that creature height allows herbivores to eat from taller trees . Big deal.There is no physics engine . It does n't really matter how many legs or arms your creature has . It does n't matter if you have eyes on its rear end . Creature stage fighting is mindless MMORP-style buttonmashing with no point to it . Go to a new nest . Eat . Mate . Put some new parts on your paper doll.And that 's the main problem . Those new parts , most of them , do n't actually DO anything . A few of them do different things but they do n't do them within the context of a physics model , they do what they do as simple numbers
 This is my first time reviewing a product for this site , but I thought it was worth it under the circumstances.I 'm an old-time video gamer - been playing since the Atari 2600 days . I 've been very excited for this game to come out since I first saw that 35-minute video from 2005 that everyone has seen -LRB- search on YouTube if you do n't know what I mean -RRB- . I bought this fifteen minutes after my local store opened on Sunday . I 've been playing it pretty much ever since . And ... wow . What a complete and total disappointment . I have n't been this disillusioned about a video game since I was ten and got the Atari E.T. cartridge for Christmas.First of all , there 's the DRM issue , which is adequately summarized by many of the other reviewers . But honestly , that 's not my main issue . If I get several years of good gameplay out of the program , I can live with the bad copy protection . -LRB- Besides , if the game is worth playing there 's going to continue to be support for years and years to come . -RRB- But the gameplay ... yikes . The cell stage , the first of the five stages of the game , is actually a lot of fun , although a bit too simple . There are nine parts you can add to your cell , although three of them are different kinds of eyes , which do n't affect gameplay , and three are different mouths , which only control what kinds of food you can eat . Still , it 's entertaining and a visual masterpiece . The only downside is that it 's over far too quickly - within the first 30 minutes , you 'll be past this stage.The creature stage is also relatively enjoyable , and the creature creator is a blast . However , there are ominous signs even here . Many of the parts do n't affect gameplay much , and it 's relatively easy to max out a creature 's body parts ... and also necessary . It may be possible to make a creature without maxed attributes , but you wo n't be able to do much with it.That 's it for high points . The last three stages are very , very shabby clones of far superior games , and they play like the world 's worst real-time strategy games . Also , while there are a ton of builder tools in these stages , everything is -LRB- pretty much -RRB- purely cosmetic - the game plays the same no matter how creative you are or are not.Very disappointing . I probably wo n't be playing this for very long .
 Like so many people that enjoy pc gaming , I was really looking forward to this game . I even considered preordering it . And while I 'm sad that I 'll never get to play this game because I refuse to buy it , I 'm very glad that I did n't pay $ 50 for what amounts to a rental.First Bioshock , and now this . The audacity of these game publishers is getting out of hand . Please do yourself -LRB- and every other gamer out there -RRB- a favor and do n't give EA any of your money until they realize that they ca n't treat their customers like criminals . Let us use the games we buy as we see fit , and then we 'll give them our money .
 Spore 's DRM mechanism is atrocious . The easy availability of pirated copies just proves the point that DRM is a self-defeating mechanism ; the pirates can always find a way around it , and it just hurts legitimate consumers of the product . Spore is a game with a ton of promise , but EA is shooting itself in the foot by using overly restrictive DRM .
 I 've been paying for and playing EA games for over two decades now . I 'm sick and tired of the larger publishers forcing these Draconian measures to combat piracy on lawful paying customers . There has to be a better way . See Stardock 's Gamer 's Bill of Rights , please . No SPORE for this gamer .
 As an avid strategy gamer , I was anticipating Spore 's release ... Then I found out about the DRM.I will not pay a game company to install malware on my computer . I will not buy a game that I can not reinstall a few years down the line when I have upgraded my computer multiple times . I will not support a company that uses illegal copy protection methods that have been proven to cause a lot of technical problems for its customers.It 's really too bad . Spore looks like a pretty interesting game . Hopefully it will be available in the future without the intrusive and insulting `` security '' measures .
 I buy original games for two reasons :1 -RRB- i want to support the developers2 -RRB- if i do n't like the game i can sell it when i finish and get back some of my money ... I came today here to buy spore but1 -RRB- i do n't want to support developers that are stupid enough to punish people that actually buy the game2 -RRB- I can not sell the game ... I can just use it on my machine ... So i will not buy this game ... sorry EA
 Well , I do n't have much input other than maybe adding my vote will encourage EA to change their anti-consumer stance . I was literally on my way to buy this game when I saw 800-something reviews and a one-star average . This game is already cracked ... proving -LRB- again -RRB- that DRM only affects consumers.I was really excited about Spore and this is nothing short of tragic .
 I really wanted to buy Spore . I really did . It sounded like a great game , with an intriguing premise that 'd lead to hours of fun ... but after reading all the horrible stories about the DRM and the 3 installs and all that stuff , I ca n't justify spending $ 50 on something that -LRB- probably -RRB- wo n't work in a few years.Sorry EA . Maybe Spore 2 will come out without the DRM and I 'll pick up a copy at that time .
 This level of DRM is unacceptable on any game , from any company , under any circumstances . Vote with your wallet , do n't buy this tripe .
 Do n't support DRM that hurts the consumer . Avoid at all costs and spend hard earned money on companies that do n't treat their customers like thieves .
 I was really excited about Spore when I first heard about it ... could n't wait to play it . Now that I know it has DRM , I will not buy it . What a shame .
 Not only is the DRM ridiculous , and not even useful -LRB- There was a version that bypassed it , even before the game was out -RRB- . But the game itself is n't good . I played it through the civilization stage , hoping that each stage would be better than the rest . Instead , they are all tired schemes , that have been done before , and overdone . Swim around eating things ? Wow . Original . Will you have a spike or a fin ? How is that customizable . Walk on land , okay , this could be fun . Oh wait its just a matching game for social interactions , and just a click-fest for combat , with only 4 methods each way . Not fun . Tribes ? Yea its called a real time strategy game , with a tiny board , very little building/resource/troop customization . So far each stage is pretty much a mini-game . Civilization . Wow , you get 3 vehicles . Excellent . Who cares if you can make a zillion combinations , if they all behave virtually the same way.I gave up at this point . Supposedly the last stage is the true game , but if thats the case , why bother with the rest ? I 'll try it , but if that 's the game you 're looking for , i 'd recommend Master of Orion 2 -LRB- Still very playable today -RRB- , or Sins of a Solar Empire -LRB- And that one is DRM-Free , and recent , believe it or not . -RRB- Well thats my two cents.Don ' t buy this game & do n't buy into DRM . I 'm talking to you , developers .
 I refuse to purchase this game as long as the publisher insists on treating their paying customers like criminals.The publisher of the game requires an online activation which you can only perform 3 times before calling to beg for an additional activation . Why would you need to activate more than once ? * You got a new computer * Your hard drive crashed * You uninstalled the game and decided to reinstall * You reinstalled windows * Your computer was stolenThese are all good reasons to reinstall the game and , thus , require reactivation . These are not reasons to treat your customers like software pirates !
 I know this game is fun , and I loved Sim City , Sim Ant , Sim Tower , etc. , but there 's just some lines that I would n't cross . Why would I want to pay someone to install crappy DRM on my computer ?
 I do n't want to feel guilty and criminal for legally owning a product , nor would I want to own a product inferior to its pirated counterpart . If I ever devolve into spending $ 50 for a slap in the face , I 'd like to be put down by a stranger , because it 'd be too much for a friend to bear .
 The DRM on this game is just too draconian and while the game is n't terrible , it just is not worth all the effort and the experience of being treated like a criminal because you want to use something you paid for .
 For me to spend money on this game it would be to buy it . I will not rent the game -LRB- 3 installs -RRB- for this price , which is what the DRM is essentially doing . This is a dishonest and invasive move by EA .
 I did n't buy this at Amazon , but I wanted to add my voice to those who are frustrated with the DRM . Any potential the game had was swallowed by the invasive DRM .
 Spore is a really fun game . But it will cost you 5 gigs , 50 bucks , you have to insert the CDROM every time , and you can only install the game 3 times . If you upgrade your video card , that counts as an install too.Please note , all of these costs -LRB- except the 5 gig -RRB- only come with a legally obtained copy , like I have . If you are going to buy this game , prepare to be punished for doing the right thing.If EA was so concerned with piracy , they should have just stuck to consoles . They are apparently too greedy for that , so now they have a product on the market that people have mixed feelings about . It 's not too late EA , do the right thing and fix it ! If you do n't , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy tanked sales on the first expansion pack , not to mention , another attack on your brand .
 The DRM on this game is terrible , 3 installs and your done ... game over . I have been playing for about 10 hours and the game is not near what I thought it was going to be , I am returning my copy of the game .
 This game utilizes a piece of malware called securom which is installed without warning along with the game . What securom does is prevent you from installing the game more than the number of times the company wants you to . It is a difficult to remove , wastes resources , and can prevent you from playing the game you paid for . After installing 3 times you must call EA customer support and beg them to let you play the game you bought . This is not a toll-free call.This game should be considered a rental . I suggest not buying this game , and if you do , keep in mind that you may not be able to play it in the future . I bought the game but am returning it because I do n't want to end up with a game I ca n't play because I got a new computer.As for the game itself , I find creating things with it very fun , but there is really no story and even on hard it 's not very challenging unless you intentionally handicap yourself .
 Boo on this game 's implementation of DRM . Boo on treating legitimate customers like thieves and letting the real thieves play the game without any issues whatsoever . EA needs to look to Stardock for inspiration .
 Not buying the game until a new DRM scheme is introduced . I want to OWN my own copy of Spore .
 I 'm not going to bother with a detailed review except to say : DRMs suck.EA can go jump off a cliff .
 There 's nothing else to say about DRM that has n't already been said . I hate it , do n't want it , and will refuse to buy any game that has this level of invasive , consumer hurting malware.I should mention that I do n't own this game , I played it at a friends house . I will not buy a copy because
 All the problems people had with the DRM on Mass Effect apparently did n't teach EA a lesson , and they deserve this now . With a limit of 3 installs , which you do n't get back for uninstalling . Imagine if a patch goes wrong and you have to reinstall . You get a new hard drive and reinstall . Then you decide your computer is too slow , so you upgrade your system , and you go to reinstall ... and discover you 're going to have to call EA and beg , and if you get through the long hold times and computer-controlled phone menus , they MIGHT relent and let you play the game you paid for . But maybe not.This has already happened to people who played Mass Effect , which had the same system . Guy installs , tries to play ; gets on-screen artifacts , so he reinstalls XP . Problems not helped , so he replaces his video card - triggering activation # 3 . He finished it , uninstalled to save space , but got the bug to play again a couple weeks later . Reinstalls , and gets this message : `` The game can not start . For security reasons , only a limited number of machines can ever be licensed by a single purchase . This limit has been reached . Please purchase another registration code , reinstall , and then try again . `` Purchase another registration code ? How about when I buy something , I get to decide when and how I use it , and not you?Thanks , but no thanks . No way , no how , no crippling DRM .
 I bought the game today and before I purchased it I made sure I double checked the system requirements and that my cheap laptop met them all , it does . I installed the game without a hitch , it took about fifteen minutes to run the installer , and the game will not open . It shows the process in the Task Manager but the game never completely opens , I 've tried running it as an administrator and in XP compatibility mode with no luck . Luckily I 've not had an issues with the DRM -LRB- I would not have bought the game if I had read these reviews before , my fault for not doing my research -RRB- since I ca n't even open the game . I did not buy Spore from Amazon , I bought it locally and the store wo n't take an opened game back , so I guess I 'm out $ 50 . My suggestion is do n't even bother buying the game , if you can actually play it the DRM will screw everything else up . Save your money .
 I pre-ordered this game a long time ago and have waited for what I am sure is a pretty good game . However , now that I know about the DRM I will return the game as soon as it gets delivered . I routinely uninstall and reinstall games over many years . I play until I beat the game or get tired , then let some time pass until I pick it back up again . With this new DRM system , I can no longer do that . The game will stop working at some point because I 've reached their limit of 3 installs or because they go through another round of server shutdowns and remove the activation server.I 'm sure the game will be great , but I will return the game when it comes in . If they remove the DRM I will consider buying it then . As for other EA games , I will never buy another one that contains DRM .
 I have been really psyched about this game for a while and have followed its development since the first public demos . I will not be purchasing any version with the current DRM . You messed up , Will !
 When I saw this pop up on pirate websites the other day I thought to myself , no ! I will not download such an amazing game . Piracy is killing the industry and I do n't want to support something that might hurt the creation of other great games in the future.But then I came to amazon and hear that they 've applied this ridiculous DRM . After dealing with the headache that was mass effect I will not be tricked into buying such a piece of trash again .
 This is the first computer game that I have gotten in years . It was a pleasure to play it for a couple of weeks . I installed the game on my laptop and desktop . After reinstalling the OS on my desktop and getting a new hard drive in my laptop after the old one took a dump I tried to reinstall the game . No good . After the installation limit of 3 was reached the DRM took over and now the game will not even open with my registration code . I even contacted EA and they were of no help . It is quite disappointing that a paying customer can not play the game they purchased . Do n't waste your money !
 I looked forward to Spore for almost 4 years , and after all this time I 'm already bored with it . All the cool stuff we heard about during development is only there to bind together some mediocre mini-games , and the game plays through almost exactly the same regardless of the choices you make in evolving your creature.The DRM certainly does n't help any , either . EA shows once again that they 're unwilling to step up into modern times by adopting copy protection methods that are friendly and safe for their paying customers to use.If you want to be bored to tears within a week and do n't mind EA 's hostile attitude towards their customers , then this is the perfect title for you .
 $ 49.99 + DRM is too much to pay when the game is only a rental after the DRM . $ 29.99 would be an acceptable price .
 This is a very fun and creative game that will suck it for hours at a time . However , the DRM restrictions it puts on the user are harsh and useless , -LRB- the game is already available on most bit torrent clients -RRB- . So I basically put down my hard-earned money and get punished for buying the game legally . The gaming industry needs to be sent a message that this is no way to treat their customers.I 've already returned the game and gotten something else .
 I do n't own consoles . I do n't have a 360 , or an PS3 . I am a PC Gamer . I will always be a PC Gamer . I am tired of being treated like a pirate . I 'm tired of having to call big brother EA to install my software . I like a hard copy of my games , so I do n't download them using Digital Distribution methods like Steam . Untill game companies get rid of DRM , i will not buy.With that in Mind ... . Stardock is a gamers last hope . Sins of a solar empire is one excellent game .
 It 's unfortunate that spore had to be the game which this has happened to as I have been looking foward to this game for years.Problems for Personal Use : The DRM as many others have suggested only allows few download tokens which is absolutely unacceptable . Many of us have more than one computer on which we play games and many of us will be upgradeing our computers in the next few years -LRB- which would use up additional tokens -RRB- . The fact that these few tokens will likely be used up easily and further use would require calling up customer support waiting in a queue and then asking for a code that will allow a you to play the game you paid for is a real insult to thoes who bought the game legitimately . You are required to have an internet connection to verify the game in order to run it but thoes resources may not always be there . If Sim Copter , an old Maxis game which I still play to this day required this system would I still be able to register ? Im not sure but Im guessing not.Problems with Resale : This also is unacceptable for resale . Like every other item in the market , they eventually find their way to the yard sale . If I buy a car or a DVD or an Xbox game , I OWN that . It is mine , in my possion and it is my right to resell it to a person if I wish . The activation codes are a real hinderence to transfering ownership.It reminds me of a few years back when Sony patiented a software device which would make the PS3 recognize if the game was used and require the person to pay some money directly to sony in order to play it on their system . Sony of course has not been foolish enough to implement this system -LRB- at least not yet -RRB- so there has been no controversy but spore and EA has chosen to push the envelope and the customer is taking the hit for it.I am very dissapointed EA has chosen to take their game 's security in this direction .
 Since this game has DRM I will not buy . It is that simple.I came here ready to click on `` buy with one click '' and have it here tomorrow with next-day -LRB- cheap -RRB- prime shipping.The review showing it has DRM was extremely helpful in me determining NOT TO BUY.It is not necessary to actually own the game to make this determination and I am glad someone posted it has DRM .
 All complexity has been removed from the game . You pretty much spend all your time clicking 1000 's of times all over the screen and that 's it . No interactions other than clicking and occasionally adding dumb and limited additions to your creature.They spent all of their time making a cartoonish world with lots of graphics , but no real game play . If you are a 10 year old , it 's probably fun for a couple of days . As an adult , it 's mind-numbing .
 When are the software and music recording companies going to start treating consumers with respect , and not like criminals ? We 've been excited about this game for over a year , and went to Amazon today -LRB- release day -RRB- ready to buy , but there is NO WAY we 're going to support this further erosion of our rights . $ 50 and we do n't even own the game ? Plus unwanted rootkit software ? No thanks , EA .
 Quite aside from the annoying DRM issue , I 've heard from 2 friends who now have played it that it has been massively dumbed down , which is deeply ironic to me , because CLEARLY the people who have been waiting with huge anticipation to buy this game are not people who want to play a typical , obvious or simple game . The fascination with this game has been 100 % about the deep , implied complexity of tinkering with creatures within the context of evolution , of the way species change and compete , of building things in one phase that seriously effect those in another . I have heard that NONE of these promises -LRB- in articles , interviews and countless previews of the game -RRB- have been carried through with anything but a superficial and almost insulting manner -LRB- in that these promises were essentially about a game they decided not publish , for fear of scaring away the supposedly revenue-driving middlebrow public -RRB- . Here 's one example
 I 'm not someone who generally reviews stuff I buy , generally if I do n't like something I just wo n't use it or forget about it . But the problems with Spore started immediately after installing it on my computer -LRB- a fairly new laptop -RRB- . The game refused to load until I un-installed the EA download manager . Then it still took ages to load , I 've used other resource intensive games and software but Spore takes the prize as the only software I own that I ca n't get to start without digging deep in the CD folder to find the executable -LRB- autoplay wo n't work -RRB- . On top of it all I do n't feel confident uninstalling it due to the crippling DRM.Once I finally got to play for a bit the gameplay was bland and repetitive , far removed from the expansive and inmersive gameplay I had seen in preview videos . Sadly Spore is over engineered game that could 've been released way earlier without as much fuss.This is not a phoenix for PC games , and the whole DRM issue only shines on the worst of what 's become an almost niche pass-time -LRB- PC gaming -RRB- . And this comes from someone who grew up playing video games on his computer .
 Another EA debacle . Amazing that companies wo n't learn . Much like secureRom , punkbuster , and the other attempts at restricting our ability to use our games , Spore comes loaded with Digital Restriction Management.Can you imagine buying a kitchen knife and being told you can only cut three things with it ? Buying a mobile phone an being told you can only use it three times before it stops working ? EA has applied these draconian restrictions to an otherwise enjoyable game ... making it utterly rubbish and worthless . They restrict the numbers of times the game can be installed to ... get this ... THREE . Now , knowing how Windows XP and even Vista need to be rebuilt regularly to clean out the trash accumulated over time , an average user can burn through the three installs in a year or two . Then , get this , you have to CALL EA to get permission to install the very game you purchased.When did purchasing become renting?Oh , and forget about long-term gaming . Spore relies on EA to maintain activation servers . If you ca n't reach the activation servers , good-bye game ! If EA shuts down their activation servers ... like Yahoo and MSN have with their own DRM infested products , your $ 49.99 disappears into the wind.Save your money . We waited two years for this ? And EA slaps us in the face with DRM ??? Besides the DRM , this game is known to cause system stability issues , crashes , and otherwise ruin your gaming experience .
 Thanks for the heads up on the DRM , not buying the game until they fix that
 I 've never before played a game quite like Spore . At first , it fascinated me ... I thought `` Well , that 's a clever approach to ensure replayability '' ... But , ultimately , sadly , it just is n't that much fun.The cell stage is simply too bland to be believed . Nothing much else to say about that . Thankfully its over in about 15 minutes.The creature stage gets a bit more interesting ... But ultimately its just too easy to get through it . You never feel like you 're at any real risk . If you die you are immediately respawned . And the scope is very narrow.The tribal stage is ok , but also very narrow in scope . There are just so few things you can actually do.The civilization stage plays like a very very limited real time strategy game . If you like real time strategy games , do n't buy Spore - buy a proper RTS!And then there 's the space stage ... A lot has been written about it by others , and I do n't have much to add to that . But I never before would have believed that something so hectic could also be so interminably boring . And you have very little time to do the things you want to do to advance , because you 're always getting dragged off to one planet or another to defend it , made worse by the fact that planets can never really be set up to reasonably defend themselves . And then there 's this bug where you get stuck on a planet ... If you have n't saved recently , that 's it . You may as well give up , get out a gun and shoot yourself because there 's no way you are going to want to reply the last half hour to get back to where you were . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The game is great ... but the DRM undoes all the work the developers put into making that experience.The insane level of DRM hurts one audience only
 i really was going to buy this game ... and now i hear about the DRM issues . NO THANKS .
 Years and years ago when I was young and stupid , I purchased The Sims , and all of it 's expansions . On the initial game , and two expansion packs I was unable to download patches to the game because of invalid -LRB- or used -RRB- activation keys . Called EA and was first told -LRB- outright once -RRB- that I was obviously pirating the game and I should go back to the store and spend money like I 'm supposed to . Customer Service rudeness aside , I was told if I wanted to prove it was legitimate by sending in the receipt , part of the box and the CD they could have me a new code in 4 to 6 WEEKS . This is on a game I bought an hour and a half ago . 5 minutes on some friendly illigitimate websites got me a `` patch '' to solve that and many of my other CD related problems . It 's a shame that I had to become a pirate to properly use a game I paid for.When I was older -LRB- and apparently still stupid -RRB- I purchased Sims 2 -LRB- plus all the expansions -RRB- . It 's nice to know some things in the world never change , like I could n't play because of a faulty CD . Install worked , CD check did n't . Called EA , you know part of that $ 50 you pay for is suppsed to be operating support . The way I was talked to made me think that I must be the Charles Manson of software piracy . It was also comforting that in the success of the Sims franchise that they did n't waste any money improving the lead time of replacement cds -LRB- I know game development takes time and all but I think somebody could be asigned to mailing out replacements in less than 6 weeks -RRB- . I did get some additional help this time in that I was told to go buy a new CD-ROM because the one I had might be on a `` blacklist '' because people use them too often to copy cds using that kind of copy protection -LRB- now my choice of hardware makes me a pirate too ? -RRB- . Once again 5 minutes and my problems are solved by some very nice rogue software engineers . I was so mad and disenfranchised by `` the establishment '' that I donated money to their worthy cause of producing useful utilities to free the gamers of the world.No longer am I young and stupid . These limitations are too much . Shame on EA for abusing their customers , and shame on EA for violating the core value of computing . Computers are supposed to make our lives easier , more organized , more productive , and in the case of games -- more fun . Instead we are left to harassment and confusion , holding on to and protecting CDs for games we may only play a couple of times a month -LRB- or year -RRB- , and wasting valuable free time with fixing problems with systems that only benefit the corporate interests of EA -LRB- I buy your games if you want me to troubleshoot activation issuses and CD read issues I should be getting a paycheck -RRB- . This does not lead to fun , this does not fulfill the reasons I purchased your software.Now I know this review will not be read by anyone that cares . If someone really likes SPORE they will play SPORE , my views wo n't stop anybody . Nor do I expect anyone at any game company to read this and care . But maybe in the vastness of the internet perhaps somebody one day will see this , and maybe it will prompt them to post somewhere else . This is a review on a game that I 'm sure is terrific . But it does n't matter how fun a game is if you ca n't play it when and where you want to . It does n't matter how many fun hours you can have with it now , if when you want to play again in 2 or 3 years it ca n't be installed . It does n't matter how you can make cool creatures that evolve from single cells and fly to space , if here on earth you are accused of being a criminal because a program has an unexpected return code . It does n't matter how easy the manufacturer makes the activation if the only way you can play the game freely is by getting an illegal patch.Businesses like Electronic Arts do n't listen to people , they listen to money . If you want to play SPORE , have just a little patience and wait another month . Post here on amazon , and anywhere else , why you are waiting to buy . Instead find another game from the hundreds available here at amazon to play , replay an old game that was your favorite , or take a month off to spend time with friends and loved ones . In a month SPORE will still be here and then there will be plenty of ways to bypass these `` protection '' schemes . Then buy the game , where you can have control over how you play it . Then you can choose when and where it should be installed . Then be a good steward of your newfound freedom . Spread the tools , not the game . Keep supporting the hard working developers and artists who have the amazing opportunity and craft to entertain us all . But show the executives at Electronic Arts that they make games for all people , not just Ben Fanklin , Alexander Hamilton , and George Washington .
 Thanks for the warning everyone!Like most people here I am prone to changing and updating my hardware whenever the latest and greatest things come out . I am sick of being punished for being a geeky early adopter with nasty DRM that treats me like a criminal for being an alpha consumer of electronic goods . Us early adopters of new technology with money to burn on cool new stuff should n't be the first to be punished with DRM !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I logged on to Amazon.com with the intent of purchasing this game today , but sadly I will not be buying this game with the DRM .
 I read a good review of this game the other day and so placed it in my Amazon cart . It 's a good thing that I tend to wait until I have several items before placing my order -- since putting it in my cart , I read Lifehacker 's summary of the reviews of `` Spore '' on Amazon , so I came and read more of them myself . That was enough to convince me to remove it from my cart .
 The associated malware with this game installed itself without permission and immediately stopped my CD-burner from working . The only way I could get rid of it was by completely formatting my hard drive and reinstalling everything from scratch . Avoid at all costs !
 As a person that works in the I.T. field , I often wipe and reinstall my computer 's operating system . Having DRM with an activation limit killed any thoughts I had of buying this game for a friend , which they were really looking forward to . Many other developers have successfully protected their games without being a major pain - look at the Steam platform , for example - I can take my games anywhere with it .
 Game never lived up to the hype . It was in production for so long that I do n't think any game could 've lived up to the overwhelming hype . Regardless this game is sub par and not as evolutionary and we had hoped .
 I was looking forward to this game for a while , but when I heard about the Securom I knew is was n't going to be good . Turns out it 's even worse than expected ! You get 3 installs and then your 50 $ game turns into an expensive coaster . Eventually you will have to download a crack or pirated version just to play your legit copy of the game . Way to screw the honest consumers EA .
 I actually really enjoyed this game overall , some stages early on got a bit repetitive but did n't last long enough to get too boring . But the Space stage , that is where the meat of the game comes in . I was extremely impressed by the sheer size of the galaxy your empire can control and how expandable it can be . If you want to be perfectly peaceful or be a raging war machine you can do either one!However , I 'm extremely disappointed in this new DRM scheme they 've got going ... 3 installation limit with no guarantee that you 'll be able to install it later on when they shut down the activation servers -LRB- provided you have n't used your three installs by that point -RRB- is just unacceptable in my book . Heck , I still play games made in the 90s by companies that do n't even exist anymore ! If EA shuts off the activation servers or goes bankrupt I will no longer be able to play my game ! As far as I 'm concerned any game with this new version of SecuROM will not be purchased or played , especially after SecuROM v7 screwed with the optical drive on my old computer . It 's just not worth it .
 I reinstall Windows about 3-4 times a year , only way to truly clean it out . With this crazy DRM approach I ca n't play the legit copy of this game . Guess I better fire up a torrent client or something ... or better yet , why have a limit on installations and just validate via the Internet ... sheesh , this is not rocket science .
 The DRM has prevented two friends from even installing the game . It 's highly encrypted activation system ca n't get through many university firewalls . I 've had a couple of friends call me for help with the situation , and it 's just been a headache.Like many I had high hopes for this game . Do n't waste your $ $ on this frustration . Maybe someday they will re-release it without these issues .
 I made the mistake one time of buying a game crippled with DRM , that game was Bioshock . No matter how awesome the game was , it was not worth the hours upon hours it took me to just get the game to INSTALL on my computer , let alone run . I will not do that again . So for me , I 'll just sit and wait until EA patches the DRM out of existence , until then - no way .
 Maybe this game was marketed towards kids - but I found the game to be extremely unsatisfying and limp . The creature editor and the ability to customize your creatures and buildings etc seemed utterly pointless to me since they did not actually affect gameplay in any way - just a waste of time to amuse yourself since a meaner looking creature with more wings or a nastier tank with more lasers made no difference in gameplay.Overall it felt like a number of mediocre and shallow games -LRB- pacman , baby RTS and baby galactic empires -RRB- mashed together into one - I found myself wishing it would end.I would not recommend this game .
 I would love to own this game . I 'm not buying it , though , until the DRM is gone , or at least made reasonable and non intrusive and easily dealt with . I bought BioShock the first week it was released , but I STILL have n't been able to play because of the DRM .
 Very disappointing . Draconian DMR issues aside -LRB- Easily done away with by downloading a crack for it FYI - Take a hint developers - This game was cracked and torrented days before it even hit the stores -RRB- the game gets dreadfully dull very quickly.The first three stages are fun , in fact the first stage is probably the most entertaining but entirely too short . After that the play gets increasingly repetitive are boring.I 'll give points for the ability to create just about any kind of creature , building , space ship etc. . In that aspect the game really does shine , but ultimately this has very little impact on the gameplay itself . It 's completely aesthetic and nothing more . You could create a blob but as long as you stuff enough level 4-5 parts on it it does n't matter what it looks like.The game past the third stage is incredibly boring . It 's like RST for infants . You can only have 1 type of ground , sea , air , space ship which makes for very dull combat ... which pretty much entails creating as many of each as you can , stuffing as many weapons on it as you can , and attacking in a mob . Weapon animations are pretty much all the same for each class of vehicle . There is no strategy to the later parts of the game , it 's just attack en mass until you win . Wheeee ... I really had high hopes for this game , but once again the end product does not even come close to the hype.On the other hand what did I expect from Maxis ... if you 're the type that find The Sims fun then you 'll probably like this game . In other words , mindless idiots will find this game endlessly fascinating . Like dangling keys in front of a toddler.I want my 50 bucks back .
 I tried to remove the DRM that this thing installs onto your computer but its like a virus and is hard to remove . I would never recommend this game to anyone because of the DRM that is installed onto your computer and hides itself . Do yourself a favor and buy another game which does not have this if you care about keeping your computer clean .
 I admit to having been caught up in the hype surrounding the release of this game . I was looking forward to it immensely . For the first hour or two that I played , I even managed to keep thinking that it might live up to my expectations , but I had a bad feeling.Turns out I was right to be worried . Each stage of the game - cell , creature , tribe , civilization , and space - is more boring than the last . The creature creator which was released before the game , limited as it is , is the best part.In each stage of the game there are perhaps a grand total of ten actions you can take , but even with that limited number , functionally they 're all pretty much the same . You either kill or impress other entities , be they other animals or other starfaring civilizations , and you do it with a mind-numbingly limited repertoire of interactions . Even in the more complex space stage , you 're either doing mindless fetch-and-carry quests for one weird critter or another , or you 're creating the same colony over and over on functionally identical worlds and selling `` spice , '' the only trade good , to those same weird critters , for money that ultimately only allows you to run more errands or collect more spice . I 've played free online Flash games with much more depth.And all those weird , diverse creatures you 've seen ? Well , buy a paint set and a canvas instead , because the creature creator really does n't offer you as many options as it appears , and even worse , once you create your creatures , you 'll discover that they all behave in more or less the same dull , repetitive ways no matter what kind of strange appendages you give them.Add to all of that the fact that the game is plagued by bugs for which EA has offered little support - in the days after release , in spite of problems which made the game unplayable to many purchasers there were zero posts by any Maxis representative on the tech support forums - and the draconian , anti-player DRM , and you have a package that might be worth ten bucks and a couple hours of play , but sure is n't worth taking seriously as a major game release . Do n't waste your money on the full release ; if you really want the Spore experience , just play with the Creature Creator . You 'll probably get bored with if after a short while , but trust me when I say that the whole game would n't keep you entertained for that much longer .
 This game was excellent the first time I played it . And then , after that first play through , it no longer launched thanks to EA 's brilliant DRM . Forbes apparently mentioned that more than 170,000 pirated copies of the game have been downloaded , and that 's with good reason . The pirated copies of this game are more stable than the retail version . I would highly recommend that people not touch Spore until you 're sure you can actually play it . My system 's top-of-the-line and I ca n't , so good luck to you .
 I bought it , it 's not a bad game , but I 'm tired of being treated like a pirate by the game companies.I 'll be playing it until I 'm tired of it and then give it to a friend of relative to play . This way - EA loses real money , not fake money from invisible pirates .
 What happens if you want to play this game 10 years from now ? I do n't mind copy protection per se but this activation non-sense has got to stop . I pay 50 bucks so i can play the game where i want when I want .
 The DRM Activation & 3 key limit reminded that Microsoft thinks we 're all pirates , & Microsoft wonders why their image is going down the toilet.I do n't care if this is the best game of all time I refuse to purchase anything that limits my activations.No Sale here , in fact I might just have to download a `` Torrent '' , if I can run it on something other than `` Vista '' , another great Microsoft product . . Yea , Right . .
 No offense to popcap.com , love their games!Spore is fun , no doubt , for about an hour . It 's first level is definitely unique , maybe the second , but beyond that we 've seen it , done it , conquered it all before . This game may have a hook for some players who like tinkering with creatures , building everything they can imagine ... unfortunately no matter how you build your critter , you 're stuck playing the same simplistic games.OK . Now about actually installing the game . I can live with activation . I do n't mind letting the mother ship know I have the game . But , limiting me to three installs of the game ? We 're running PCs for goodness sake . Three reformats and a few hardware upgrades is a GOOD year . Make me put the CD in the drive to play . Fine . Make me activate online . Fine . Make me pay $ 50 . Fine . But telling me it is all wasted the fourth time I install . Goodbye .
 Having waited for months , played the Creature Creator , and otherwise greatly looked forward to this release , I will now be returning the un-opened game to Amazon . Too many of my friends have had problems with the installation.Perhaps I will re-consider in the future if EA gets their act together .
 Spore is the perfect example of corporatisation destroying creativity and innovation . Where we could have had a deep , complex , satisfying game , EA has delivered a dumbed-down , lowest-common-denominator piece of garbage.What 's more , EA has surreptitiously bundled SecuRom , a piece of corporate spyware , along with Spore . SecuRom installs itself to your system kernel and can not be removed even by uninstalling Spore , and can cause serious performance problems with your PC.Do not buy Spore . Do not buy any EA Games products .
 It was 2 days of boring play . After that I could n't give the game more time and asked 7 years son-in-law to try it out . The ability to customize your character caught his attention for about 1 hour , then the game itself for additional 2-3 hours and then he asked `` what else ? '' - the question I 've been asking myself several times . For a game that was waited for many years , this is a total failure of Will Wright . I mean , how the creator of SimCity and Sims could get to such low-level boring game without visible AI - computer player is predictable and is not fun at all.Not worth buying , not even worth lending from your friend .
 Ah , a refreshing unique game to breathe life into the PC Gaming market.Or rather , a perfect example of what 's wrong with the PC Gaming market.First - The Patch : I downloaded it no problem . But then upon installation , I got an `` Old File Found of Same Name '' or something error . I checked it out on the forums and it turns out that when the patch searches for the files , it searches for the exact file name to patch , including the date and time of creation . Now I do n't know if it 's new to check the date and time or not , but in either case , they forgot to account for the fact that people outside of the disc manufacturer 's timezone might buy the game . You know , something crazy like that . So all my files were two hours off , which meant I had to manually copy them over from the DVD . Grats EA , you 've succesfully buggered the auto-install procedure that 's worked since Windows ' 95 . Second
 I was very excited with my initial purchase of this game ... Spore really looked like a very fun , novel idea that had been long in the making.Though I read that there were DRM issues associated with Spore , I did not let it affect my decision to purchase the game . Well lo and behold , I installed the game on my high end Vista system , and I immediately get locked out it of by the DRM software SecuROM.I have sent 2 emails to EA , and we are still in the process of `` unlocking '' the game . I have owned Spore for 2 days , and have yet to play it.To Electronic Arts
 Media publishers these days seem to think that we consumers should be renting published works instead of purchasing them . The Draconian DRM used in Spore seems to hammer this point home.You can activate Spore a maximum of 3 -LRB- maybe 4 if you beg nicely -RRB- times . Has EA LOST THEIR COLLECTIVE MINDS ??? Why would I pay $ 50 to rent this game for a total of 3 activations ? It 's not like you can even call in to activate more than that either . Once you use up your activations , that 's it ! No more . Sure , they say you can call in to activate once more , but you 're really at the mercy of the CSR you connect to . They can decide to let you get away with one more actvation , or if they 're having a bad day they can call you pirate and you 're stuck with a coaster.Spore looks like a fun game and while I would n't play it constantly , it would be a good ` timekiller ' while I 'm watching TV or needing to pass an afternoon . However , I guess I 'll find something else to kill time now . After this debacle on a newly published game , I do n't think I 'll be buying any more EA products .
 The DRM on this game makes it a very frustrating gaming experience . A quick check of the torrent sites shows that it 's already been cracked , so the only people who are suffering from the DRM are the legitimate customers.The game covers several genres
 What could have been a fun game was ruined by repetition and a intolerably draconian reinstall policy.Don ' t buy this garbage .
 * Lackluster gameplay ? Check ! * Limited Users ? -LRB- ie family/kid profiles -RRB- Check ! * Invasive DRM and activation limits ? Check!Three Strikes , and you are out of here !
 I came to purchase Spore , but after reading the reviews , I have decided not to purchase the game . Its an awful large expense for no more than 2 years of play , judging by EA 's deactivation of other games . Any program that gives itself elevated system privileges is just asking to be targeted by a virus capable of serious damage . The activation limit does not bother me terribly , but being unable to separate my creatures from those belonging to others in my household is another inconvenience.In a way , this is actually two lost sales , as I will not be buying the upcoming Red Alert 3 unless the DRM is removed or is changed to be less invasive . I have purchased the previous installments in the series , and they easily rank among my favorite games , but I am choosing to vote with my wallet on this issue . Its just too bad that this had to happen to two amazing games .
 My friend found a pirate version of the game and I refused to install it and decided to buy an original -LRB- as any ethical person do -RRB- . After purchasing I found the game not bad but it wasnt par to my expectations . When I read the reviews for this game I found out about the DRM which I wasnt aware of it until then and made me very upset . If I payed $ 50 for this game I think I should be able to play and/or install it as many times as I want/need . For some reason if have to re-format my machine more than 3 times and wo n't be able to install the game , I will have to act unethical and use the pirate version -LRB- unless they give my $ 50 back -RRB- . After all they are the ones started being unethical by taking my money and not letting me install the game as many times as it 's needed ... now , whose fault is that ?
 Well I thought the game was a lot of fun until someone informed me about the DRM . I do n't care how EA defines their DRM and how they mince the words . Its obscene . They can claim its harmless but so did Sony when they had their rootkit issue.I will not be buying anything from EA for quite some time . Thank you EA for shafting legitimate customers .
 DRM is ruining PC games , which is a real shame considering I just purchased a gaming PC . It does n't stop pirates , just innocent consumers trying to use the product they paid for.Good Job EA
 DRM only punishes the legitimate user . `` Pirates '' have long since gotten around it . Boycott EA and any group that would punish its customers for the crimes of a few !! I have been looking forward to this game but now it has no place in my house , it 's a shame .
 ... they actually were useful to me , anyway . I had intended to purchase Spore , not realizing it used SecuROM . I purchased Bioshock , which used SecuROM , and to this day the disc is nothing more than expensive coaster because I 've never been able to get its null-byted registry entries to work correctly in XP 64-bit Pro.Like I said , I imagine most , if not all , of the 1 stars below -LRB- and possibly mine as well -RRB- will get removed , but it saved me money at any rate . I really want to play Spore , but with this restrictive garbage included , I doubt I 'll actually be able to , and I 'm not willing to gamble another $ 50 to find out .
 If you buy spore for mac , be prepared for disappointment . I put the disc in my computer , and get no playable response . I guess an Intel-based laptop with maxed out ram running leopard STILL is n't enough to meet system requirements.I would say i 'm disappointed , but based on the rest of the reviews , I 'm thinking the game is n't worth the bother .
 I bought this game before I knew about the DRM it used . I figured after the backlash over Mass Effect that EA would get a clue , but I guess I put too much faith in them . First of all , you already make a Spore Account with the game on top of the DRM protection measures . It is over-cumbersome and redundant . The ironic part is that a week before the game was actually released there was a cracked drm free pirated version online . The protection failed before it was even implemented.Its a shame such a good game is crippled by EA 's over zealous approach to piracy . Seriously the User generated content is enough incentive to get people to buy the game .
 As has been said multiple times
 '' ... even if EA keeps the activation servers going , there IS going to be a time when EA will simply cease to exist because of financial issues or federal laws -LRB- like most business eventually do -RRB- . `` I truly hope so . Maybe then I can even go back to playing PC games .
 This is a REALLY fun game , I been playing it for about 3 days now -LRB- yes I downloaded it on torrent , yes I 'm a bad guy -RRB- and came here to buy it -LRB- yes I actually buy the games I enjoy even if I did DL on bittorrent -RRB- after reading the issues of the DRM no I WILL NOT buy this . It reminds me of when I bought Bioshock and sent it to my brother who was in the Air Force overseas . but he could n't play it because he needed internet to activate it online . Even at that he wouldve used all 3 installs in 6 months -LRB- original laptop overheated , new laptop install and his home PC when he got back -RRB- Being a vet myself -LRB- and now looking to go back in -RRB- last time I was in the desert I had to reformat my hard drive 4 times myself in the desert and replace it once as well . I 'll stick with the non-DRM cracked version thank you and spend that money on the Witcher Enhanced Edition , which I already own the original -LRB- for those of you who do n't know the Witcher Enhanced Edition is FREE for download for people that own the original , I support the companies that support their customers -RRB-
 Descent game but just ca n't get pass the DRM . Customers being treated like potential criminals is not kewl .
 Add my review to the 1 star protest . The game might be great , but I ca n't support a title that treats legit buyers like pirates.It was a bad idea for Mass Effect , and it 's a bad idea for Spore .
 I was really excited about this game when I saw the first presentation videos . It looked very cool and interesting . Now , as it 's been crippled by DRM and apparently dumbed down as well , I 'm definitely not looking forward to it anymore . I only hope it 's not as sloppy and unfinished as SimCity Societies was .
 I heard about Spore in a game store about 8 months ago and it seemed extremely interesting . As I learned more about it , I decided that when it came out , I would buy copies for me , my daughter , and probably a friend of mine.However , after reading about the DRM in various venues , buying this game is not an option , nor is it for any other program with securom or DRM . I buy new computers and/or repurpose them frequently and if I buy software , I `` own '' it and will move it around between computers as I see fit or need . -LRB- `` own '' a license to use it on one computer at a time -RRB- Not only will I not buy this game , I have forbidden my daughter to do so with her laptop because of the DRM software that is reported to be installed . I 'm not considering any comments about the game in my decision .
 I 've been following the development of Spore for some time . The ` evolutionary ' game concept is intriguing -LRB- if not terribly original -RRB- , recently repackaged as Spore.The game itself is good for a laugh and for those who have a great deal of time on their hands . It is essentially a child 's plaything , which is good or bad , depending on your preferences . Whilst I found the creature creator fundamentally annoying -LRB- the more choices we have , the more acutely aware are of unavailable ones -RRB- , there are , admittedly , some instances of gaming joy.Unfortunately , in order to reach these pleasant instances you must convince yourself that you 're paying for what you get . Some reviewers here claim the DRM setup results in users renting the game . I disagree . I consider it more like kidnapping or hostage taking . Your money - bizarrely - being held to ransom . You can lose the cash you paid for this game if an EA drone deems your actions suspicious . Result
 Anti-piracy software embedded in this game left my son unable to play it even though he 'd handed over his $ 50 + tax , an error message appeared suggesting we were software pirate thieves.It is simply unacceptable for any digital rights management measure to prevent even one honest paying customer from using the product , particularly when no-one will issue a refund for opened software.So what happens now ?
 I was looking forwards to this game , but ... after learning about the steps they 've taken to keep it from being piracy , hell no.Not only does a fourth installation require begging permission from an EA call center -LRB- which WILL stop functioning eventually - if only because EA itself , like any software corporation , is n't going to be around forever -RRB- , but it auto-installs Securom , to monitor your computer against your use of other software that might possibly be pirated . Auto-installs . No choice . Runs in the background , eating resources . Ca n't be removed by anything short of reformatting the computer.Don ' t buy Spore . Or anything else that EA produces with this sort of intrusive , disabling insult to their customers .
 I REGRET HAVING EVER BOUGHT THIS GAME IT IS AWFUL AND I WANT MY MONEY BACK.That being said , amazon shipped my order hella fast . Five stars for you , amazon warehouse worker .
 Installed on my toshiba Satellite A305 6905 runs fine on medium graphic settings . I really wish I had a better laptop . I gave up on PC games a few years ago and play almost exclusivly on the xbox 360 but this is good enough to kill time out and about.This is a fun game . Although I wish this was more like a MMO , and not just single player . Or at least give the option to play single player or MMO , that would be awesome . I understand to set up and maintain those servers cost alot but this is EA , Maby in the future . ----- few months later . Updated to version 4 auto update . Game files now corrupt . uninstalled reinstalled followed steps from spore website and spore msg boards to fix , no luck . Game is ruined on my hard drive cant play anymore . been going around in circles trying to get this to work with no luck . No tech support from spore . I gave up on it , Now have a game I cant play . Windows Vista premium.few years later ... I have bought over the past couple of years 2 new more powerful laptops and the game still wont run . On the newer laptop the game wont up from one civilization to another . Also appears EA has giving up on the game . login servers no longer respond . dead links on spore website . complete failure after just 4 years . All these bad reviews cant be wrong .
 I pre-ordered this game and was looking forward to playing it . However now that I know it will have SecureROM installed , I refuse to install this DRM/RootKit onto my PC . I 'll be sending it back for a full refund.While I 'm sure I 'll miss a good game . . I 'm doubly sure I wo n't miss software installed on my PC that I ca n't uninstall or control in any way at all .
 If you value the rights to your PC and the games you purchase you will avoid spore and any EA or other offering that includes DRM and other spyware bundled with their product.No promise of gaming fun and pretty colors is worth allowing these companies to enable the pirates and punish the paying customers . AVOID SPORE AND MAKE YOUR STATEMENT!It would n't surprise me if EA makes a bid for amazon just to have the ability to edit and remove these reviews just like their own forums . Personally I find it very helpful to see actual comments from real users about products such as spore .
 This game 's DRM required me to reduce my computer 's security settings in order for it to function , as it requires root control over sensitive areas of the operating system . This is extremely bad from a security standpoint , and entirely unnecessary for a game . Plus , since this requires security settings to be lowered , it makes your computer more vulnerable to all sorts of viruses and malware unrelated to the game.Besides that , the game is absolutely horrible anyways . It 's all about making pretty creatures rather than evolution of functional traits . You can beat it within 30 mins and it 's all boring after that . I ca n't believe I eagerly anticipated this game for years . Uninstalled and restored security settings .
 Looking forward to playing Spore , I was ready to go out and pick up the game at my local retailer on the release date . Fortunately I stopped by Amazon to check the 80 or so reviews and prices before I left to find out about the nasty and insidious DRM software called SecuRom . I really do n't need anymore instability or bloat in my system as it is , the last time I had a real fun time removing the hidden malformed files and running services left behind by SecuRom long after whatever game it came with had been uninstalled.It 's just too bad because I was really anticipating buying the game and supporting the developers , but I 'm not about to jump in with both feet with the current DRM fiasco . Not only does my computer need an upgrade soon , but I am constantly installing and uninstalling games as these days they can take upwards of 5-8 gigs a piece . Add your digital photos and videos , reinstalled/upgraded OS 's , new hardware and I can imagine the lovely time I 'll have waiting on hold with customer service to unlock another activation after spending days trying to track down my receipt and proofs of purchase . What are the chances I will still even have my receipt 12 months after purchase?The game itself looks pretty awesome and the live preview demos I participated in with Maxis had me chomping at the bit to get my grubby hands on this game.Unfortunately it looks like I 'll have to give this game a pass and find a better way to spend my $ 50 . The potential headaches and grief involved just is n't worth the time or money.We spend money on games to be entertained , not to cripple our computers , jump through artificial hoops or bang our heads against our keyboards in frustration .
 I 'll leave the DRM arguments to the other people here . I 've played the game now and gotten all the way to the last stage in a few hours . Honestly it was fun but I really ca n't see how you could re-play this game . The scenery might change but it 's pretty much the same game . I 've watched this game since it 's inception and I 've been nothing but excited . When I finally got to play it I was sort of disappointed . The biggest thing was that it was supposed to roll game play like Civ and Warcraft into one big universe . And it does but Spore 's version is akin to buying the playschool version of Civ . Fun ? Yeah for a bit . Honestly i would n't worry about the DRM 3 install limit , you wo n't be in this game long enough to need to reinstall it . You 'll play it for a week ... then put it on the shelf and back to WOW or Xbox .
 I 'd been looking forward to Spore for months but unfortunately a combination of repetitive gameplay elements and restrictive DRM hold this title back . Not worth $ 50 .
 I could have downloaded the game 4 days before the official release from one of the many pirate sites but as always I try to do the right thing and support the game makers by paying my $ 50 . So to return the favor EA will get me the game 4 days later and make installing and playing the game a lot harder then if I would have installed a pirated copy.This is a windows game . I and almost everybody else has to rebuild their machine every six months because the operating system gets itself in a twist . Also I seemed to have to upgrade the system on a regular basis . On each of these occasions I will have to use one of my three installs because the EA copy protection system thinks I installed this on a different machine . I will reach my 3 installs quickly and I am not happy about having to convince EA that I am not a thief every time this happens .
 Very disappointing , especially on a Mac . First of all , it requires Leopard , and wo n't work on Tiger ? Huh ? Leopard is n't even a year old . That 's even * worse * than coming out with a Windows game that runs on Vista only ! Give me a break.Also , video is very slow , even though I have one of the best possible video cards on a high end system with lots of RAM . I have to lower all the settings to low to run at full resolution.As for the game itself , it looks nice but the gameplay is very simple and I lost interest very quickly . :-LRB- Let 's hope someone makes CIV 5 sometime soon .
 I bought this game yesterday and installed it . It did n't work with my video drivers so I followed a suggestion on the site and reinstalled it with some modifications . After a few separate attempts , I think I finally nailed down the problem.Unfortunately , we 'll never know because I ran out of `` installs . '' Electronic Arts popped a message up informing me that this game was only `` good '' for 3 installs , and I was holding a brick . If I wanted to install Spore - this game , that I own - again , I had to call a hotline and plead my case to a phone jockey.I decided to plead my case to a business that did n't consider me to be a paroled criminal instead , namely the store where I bought it , which offered me a refund as per their grown-up customer service policy .
 Spent over 4 hours trying to get the game to run without success . Windows Vista , 2GB RAM , 512MB Video card ... clearly meets the specs but ca n't get it to run . I 'll be contacting EA for a refund ... and apparently after reading these reviews instructions on removing any DRM rootkit they might have added to my machine as well . Very disappointing , my kid was looking forward to playing this game .
 If you intend to play through this game once and then throw it in the trash , the DRM may be no reason to dissuade you from purchasing this game . But if you are like me and intend to install the game at various times in the future , the DRM is a deal-breaker . I pull old games off my shelf all the time to enjoy them again and again.Some reviewers are giving this game 5 stars and claiming that the DRM is not part of the game , that we should focus our reviews on the game . The purpose of reviews is to help people make informed decisions about potential purchases . Not merely to indicate whether the game is fun . The packaging does not indicate that you will only be allowed to install this game three times , so it 's up to the community to disseminate this information to the uninformed . It seems unlikely that people would prefer to make this purchase ignorantly .
 I was waiting for this to come out to purchase it for my daughter . Not now . I do not buy games with draconian DRM in them .
 I 'm not even going to touch on the DRM subject . There are plenty of other reviews to read.I had been unsure about buying the game for a long time . My gut instinct just knew it was going to be a huge let down . However , I started playing with the Creature Creator and found it fun so decided to shell out the $ 50 . A day later I 'm already regretting it.I 'm a fan of The Sims , Black & White , and Elderscrolls . I love games with plenty of room for different types of game play . I was stoked about the evolution concept and creating a creature that was adapt at the environment . The reality is no matter what your design you are a land based creature and two legs will get you just as far as four . Really your evolution does n't matter . At the end of every evolution stage you can completely redesign you creature so all those improvements you may have done a few stages ago can be deleted . Not very evolution like . The amoeba stage is fun in a pac man sort of way but the `` onto land '' stage is rather boring . Just run around either killing or performing the exact same 4 actions over and over until you get enough DNA to move on . In the end the first 2 stages are virtually pointless because as you move onto civilization your evolution does n't matter any more . Stage 3 does n't get any better . Again you either Kill things or perform the exact same 3 actions over and over until all the other villages are conquered . The last stages are a little better but really by the time I got there I did n't care any more.If you are an artist type and love to design/build this might be a great game for you . The design part does n't make up for the horrible game play . With that on top of the DRM I would n't recommend this game to anyone .
 I completely agree with all users offering insight into why DRM is bad . Most potential buyers will read about our DRM concerns in thousands of reviews . DRM = Garbage.I am a biologist and I 've played the game from the beginning to end . The hype that lead up to this game 's release was not lived up to . It felt as if a series of small good ideas for a stand-alone game were all put together into one sub-average game . ** possible spoiler warning ** Where to begin ? The creature creator was cool , but as far as the game goes , your designed creature does n't play that different from any other creature . To put it very simply , throughout the entire game you spend time designing creatures , weapons , buildings only to find that it does n't really change the way the game is played . Another problem was the way this game was presented and hyped by EA . Comparing this game to any trend in found evolution is pathetic -LRB- I really WANTED this game to be focused on evolution -RRB- . As you progress through the game you are given a `` way of life '' choice , which has little to do with how you designed your creature , AND IS N'T THAT THE POINT OF THE GAME ??? My last big problem revolves again around the gameplay . Within 5 min of playing any level -LRB- except last -RRB- you can outfit your creature with all the best stats -LRB- attack , speed , dance , spit , jump , glide , slash -RRB- . It was rather pointless to be able to max out all attributes . If I had a say , I think it would be much better if you could only max one stat of your choice to create fairness.The reason the game does n't get 1 star is because the final stage is decent . It is much longer and much more in depth game play that any of the previous levels . Overall a big letdown , gets boring fast . How many times can your ooh and ahhhh at some user created creature that plays the same ? Save your money .
 I feel sorry for the developers . It 's a fun game , but I can not handle the notion of asking permission to use something I already purchased . Install limits , background processes and fears of a new Sony-esque `` Extended Copy Protection '' aside
 Game is full of bugs and after fighting with multiple installs on two PC 's to get it running I can not install it anymore due to the registration system . Called EA and they said they would forward a request to open up more installs on my account but it would take 48 hours . No suggestions on the numerous install problems and game crashes . Oddly enough it plays ok on my Mac .
 I am sick and tired of companies hijacking my computer , my operating system , and my time with DRM software like SecuROM . I am so fed up that I will be returning the pre-ordered collectors edition that is scheduled to arrive tomorrow morning . I was very much anticipating spending some real quality time with this game , however I will not put up SecuROM or any other method of copy protection that puts these sorts of draconian limits on what I can and can not do with software that I 've purchased .
 I have not bought a PC based game in years , but I have bought plenty of console games . I was really excited about this title and was all ready to buy a copy until I began reading about the DRM system . I am no longer interested in buying 3 rental installs of a game that installs additional software on my machine that is nearly impossible to remove .
 I saw this game at a friends house and thought it was ok but after reading all the reviews and seeing the game it 's not worth the money to deal with the DRM . EA should know better . :-LRB- Stay Away
 I 've been eagerly awaiting the release of this game for years and pre-ordered it months ago . I am now bitterly disappointed to learn of the outrageous DRM policy . As someone who has a lot of hardware who tends to reformat hard drives from time to time , this is a real problem . Much as I was looking forward to Spore , I may now simply ship it back . Disgusting !
 I checked the System Requirements on the Spore website and I thought that it would be no problem to install and run the game on my old 1998 PC . But after I bought and installed the game on my computer successfully , I started the game and it gives me an error message say that my system does n't meet the system requirements , the game will quite . I spent my money to buy the game , and I did n't even try the game yet . The Spore game is developed by the same developer of The Sims 2 . I ran The Sims 2 on my old Windows XP machine without any problem . My computer is actually much lower than the System Requirement of The Sims 2 . I do n't know why Spore game would give the Error message and exit out instead run the game on the lower systems . I will look forward to the future on the Open Source alternative similar to Spore game for the older hardware .
 I 've been following this game for a year and I wo n't buy it because of the DRM . I will not support Spore .
 Its a good game , the creation tools are fun and space is nifty . The other phases are very shallow grinds thru uninspired mechanics.The overall score has to be a 1/5 because DRM like this is total crap .
 I saw that there where over 3 thousand ratings with an average of 1.5 stars ... that literally speaks for itself . Too bad because I thought Spore was going to be a cool buy for my little siblings ... but since I read about the drm limiting you to a minimal amount of activations , * sigh * . It appears EA officially ruined a really good product .
 Great game . Too bad it crashes under Mac OS X 10.6 , 10.6.1 and 10.6.2 . On top of that EA claims that the problem is Apple 's or ATI 's , so it wo n't fix it . I do n't care whose problem it is - that 's not the point . The point is
 It is a pity if the trusted review system becomes a public outcry on DRM , but alas this happened . Yes , DRM is bad , and that Spore deploys it should factor into your purchasing decision -LRB- you rent this game , not own it -RRB- . However , if you still like me go ahead and purchase the game be forwarded that it is n't a good game either ! At first this is n't that apparent , the microbe stage is refreshing and new and I thought the game looked promising . Once you move to the creature stage you also still think that the game is doing well , despite the ease and fast pace you manage to finish this and the previous stage . However , once you 're rushed into the tribal stage , you begin feeling how disconnected the individual game parts are and how they are bad imitations of other full titles . For example you could argue the microbe stage is similar to any arcade game -LRB- although it is the most `` original '' of all stages -RRB- , the creature stage is a bit like any RPG game -LRB- without story line -RRB- and the tribal stage is a bit like Command & Conquer -LRB- minus the detail and story line again -RRB- . Once you hit the civilization stage , you think of a very awfully implemented Civilization clone -LRB- oh boy world of difference on this level -RRB- . Again , frustrating how disconnected all these parts are , how shallow they are and how easy you finish them all . That is until you finally hit , the space age and your difficulty slider increases to a new level.Now , do n't get me wrong , the space age may be the best part of Spore but still not as good as any of the other space sims -LRB- see Homeland series -RRB- . I like the fact that you can alter planets and terraform -LRB- this is one of the best features -RRB- . But it also is frustrating , in particular space battles are handled badly with the way the controls are assigned . Also , it gets boring after hearing for the twentieth time
 I refuse to by a game with THIS type of DRM . I 'm not necessarily against DRM but this is too strict and hurts the customer . If I buy a game , it 's mine . Hurt the pirates , not me . Sorry EA . Looks like it might be a cool game .
 So with this DRM activation I guess this game should really be at Blockbuster rather then Gamestop . Seriously ? 3 installs and your done ? If you buy this from the EA Direct Download Amazing Super Fun Site !!!! 11 You pay the 49.99 for the ability to download the game for up to 6 months . . after that you are out of luck ! But ! If you pay the extra 5.99 you can down load it for up to 2 years ! Apparently that 's as long as EA thinks the game will last . Just put it on steam already and be done with DRM .
 After Watching a Friend Play and getting to putz around on his this game was a lot of funBut there is now way in the frozen wastes of Hades will i ever install something with that kind of DRMThis Was A Step to far and i hope it goes down faster then StarForceWhen Will these companies learn this does not stop the pirates just gives them something more to crackthis only hurts us who actually go and buy thisIll be waiting personally to purchase this till the DRM is gone and if it never goes away then oh well 50 bucks i saved
 Let me come out and say that this is a fun game , at least for a little while . All the stages aside from the space stage are / extremely / simplified to the point of making spore like 4 $ 5 casual -LRB- popcap ? -RRB- games stapled together . There 's very little in terms of replayability in these stages , as once you 've been through them two or three times trying out different creature styles -LRB- carnivore , herbivore , omnivore -RRB- then you 'll get bored . You might not even get that far , because the different styles play pretty much the same in that you do the same repeated action over and over , either impressing creatures or killing them -LRB- in the creature & tribal stage -RRB- , converting , killing , or buying them -LRB- in the civilization stage ; converting and killing look almost exactly the same from afar -RRB- , or just killing/dominating or buying them -LRB- in the space stage -RRB- . I did n't mention the tidepool stage , but you just squirt around a 2d stage for a few minutes eating either green or red circles meant to represent meat or plant matter . You can customize your creatures with water jets , spikes , etc. to make a minor difference in gameplay , but essentially you 're always just swimming around eating circles.The space stage is where the main body of gameplay happens ; it is longer than the other four stages combined . Even then , the gameplay gets repetitive faster than I 'd like because there are only four or five different types of missions -- `` go here , pick up this thing , then deliver it here , '' `` save this planet by killing off 5 random critters , '' `` help , we 're being invaded ! '' -- broken up only by the very few main missions that attempt to bring the only semblance of a storyline to the game where some mysterious race near the center of the galaxy is picking on you and your buddies for no good reason . There are a ton of gadgets and upgrades in the space stage , and enough interesting stuff to do by way of colonizing , trading , warring , abducting , etc. that it does actually provide some gameplay depth . It 's just a shame all the other stages are so shallow and weak by comparison . I realize it would be like asking the developer to create 5 full fledged games in one by making them all as deep as the space stage , and it would definitely put off a lot of the more casual gamers in the audience , but as they are now the other four stages add very little to the game.Aside from the space stage , the other bulk of the game that is central to the experience is the creators . They are phenomenal in variability and what you can do to your creatures , but they fall short of being a critical gameplay element . While customizing your creatures with different parts can affect its abilities and performance , the correlation is very limited in that each part usually gives you one or two skills at different levels , and any other part that has a similar effect does n't have any affect on your creature . A creature with 10 legs and 5 arms behaves exactly the same as a creature with 1 leg and one arm of the same type . What this boils down to is you pick the parts that do n't overlap and give you the best bang for your buck regardless of what they look like or how they go with your creature , or else you end up wasting evolution points . The other extreme is to throw caution to the wind , and design your creature completely based on looks . This might end up making a very cool looking creature that performs horribly in the game.Final Verdict
 Like most here . It 's this simple . This game will not be a purchase at all with the DRM it has in it . I was so set to buy it too but I will not knowing that EA decided to go with the worst of the worst for copy protection .
 The good
 I bought it . Played it till my eyes bled . Its fun . But , the DRM is serious business and no place in PC games . I wanted so bad to play Spore , i let it slide until i started to get uneasy . These DRM things are a lot like the Sony Root Kits . I dont take kindy to these things being installed on MY COMPY!I removed Spore , formated my PC ... good thing Spore has been cracked already :-RRB- -RRB-
 First off the game worked well , played for hours , then it started getting buggy . Locked up and lost hours of gameplay because no auto save.Then after playing again and getting to where I had first left off in the middle of the creature stage I saved and quit . When I tried to play again the game would n't load . Wo n't load . Ca n't play . I 've visited the forums and hundreds of people are having the same problems . Ca n't even play the game . Wait until they patch and fix the many problems with this game before purchasing .
 ok , the game is fun and revolutionary , but the DRM makes this game suck.Why can I only install 3 times ? What happens when EA 's servers go down?I 'll be damned if i pay for something that oneday will just stop working !
 The other reviews make my point . DRM is bad . I have no wish to have anything with it installed on my computer . I run many things . I can not risk it acting up stopping me from doing them , as other versions of the DRM have.It 's my machine , not yours.Please let me know when there 's a version without DRM .
 Do not treat your customers as `` Criminals First '' . The DRM has already been cracked and is online anyway , so what was the point , seriously ? The only people who are being punished is those of us who actually pay for quality games.NO DRM !
 Bought the game excitedly , installed the game excitedly , and no I did n't read the EULA . Joke 's on me , though , because as a result I did n't know about the three-install limit and there 's nothing I can do about it now . Of course , even if I had read the EULA , discovered the nature of the install restrictions , and decided not to keep the game , the joke * still * would have been on me , as few game stores will accept opened PC games for a return.I have a laptop and a desktop . I reinstall each , on average , once or twice a year . That means in about six months I will have to call up EA for their * permission * to reinstall the game I bought.I pride myself on buying every piece of software I use or movie I watch . I even donate when using freeware that I feel is of comparable value to me as a commercial alternative . But the simple truth now is that the pirates often get a better product than the honest consumer , and that has never been more true than with Spore .
 I wont be one to spout off about the rediculous installation limits or the DRM , that has been said enough . What has n't yet been said enough is the lackluster experience this is.First off , this is not a game based upon evolution . You get to add parts to your creature at any time during stages 1 and 2 . At first you would think the game is promising , considering the importance of your parts during the First -LRB- cell -RRB- stage , given the predators and prey all around that you need to escape from , protect yourself from , and eat . This stage is simple yet fun , like a game where you are a single cell has to be . This is the only fun part for any person who plays games even less than daily.Then comes Stage 2 , the beginning of the end . See , you get to choose exactly what you look like , but guess what ? It 's ALL aesthetics . You having 8 arms is just as effective at anything as having 2 arms . Having 4 legs will make you just as fast as having 2 . See , you get to choose parts that have very simple stats , ranging in whole numbers of 1-5 , and guess what ? They do n't stack . That 's right . One set of anything is just as deadly or effective as having 20 . Being a color or another to blend in with surroundings is not a factor in anything , there is no camouflage . You could make a hulking beast covered in claws and arms , and it will be just as deadly and aggressive as the tiny , tiny turtle with the same claw on his butt . And both will run just as fast if they have the same feet . Also , at any point you can remove , recolor , and add parts that you want . Were you a bipedal frog for the first million years ? Well , now after breeding once , a mere million years later , you can be a mammal of some kind with 10 mouths and 8 eyes if you want . There is no evolution . It 's just pick the parts you want to look how you want now . There is no nature that influences you nor shapes your appearance . You can be 3 tons and have the wings of an insect and you can fly -LRB- glide -RRB- just the same as anything with proportional wings . Want to make an aquatic creature ? Nope . You must be a land creature . Do you want to be a mammal , reptile , or even an amphibian ? Nope . Whatever you are , you are an animal that nests and lays eggs ... on land . Any fur , scales , or anything else like that makes no difference other than , like I said , aesthetically to you and you only.Then you get to Tribal stage . From here on out you can not change your appearance , a good thing because you should n't be able to change whatever you want when you want because a system of evolution would n't work that way , in game and in real life . This is a highly , highly watered down version of Age of Empires 1 , where you are limited to a dozen or so units , in total not to select from , who gather food to live or hold instruments to play for villages . Also you get to build buildings , a grand 9 in total . 3 help impress other villages , 3 are for combat , and 3 are for helping with food . Then you just go around and kill/befriend other villages . Believe me , it is simpler than it sounds , and it sounds simple to begin with.The next two stages , change the setting from conquering the land to conquering the Planet , then Planet to Galaxy , and that is pretty much the game . These vehicles . . you get A vehicle , and the attack animations are all the same even if the weapons are different . Same thing about parts and looks . All aesthetic.Giant flaws , in summary , are :1 . There IS no evolution2 . Body part stats DO NOT STACK -LRB- THIS GAME WOULD BE A WHOLE LOT BETTER IF THIS WAS NOT TRUE -RRB- 3 . Unlike evolution , this game gets less complex as time passes4 . You can change your creature at any moment w/o any consequences5 . With clear , unavoidable goals , this is not open ended nor is it non-linear . The only thing non-linear about it is `` You can either accomplish the goal we tell you or you can sit there looking at your creature . `` Pros are :1 . You get to pick from a lot of designs and your creature 's appearance is highly customizable .2 . A LOT of room for improvement.I am really , really hoping that in expansion packs and updates , it improves on everything . Namely on the `` all body parts are aesthetic only features and no creature is ever more dominate than another '' issue . I would have loved , LOVED to have been able to design a starting stage then depending on what I did and where I nested/lived my features would change.If you play games AND have expectations , do NOT buy this game . Wait to see if it improves . If there was an option to give it 0 stars , I would have .
 When it is easier to pirate an item and bypass all DRM , why do you feel people spending their hard-earned cash are the criminals?It 's worse than government paperwork.Get real , take off your rose-colored ` anti-pirate ' glasses and treat customers like people , EA .
 While this is supposed to be an excellent game the draconian DRM used kills it for me .
 I have purchased other games with DRM and had nothing but problems and even had to go so far as formatting my hard drive to get rid of the things DRM puts on there . This is a no go for me until DRM is removed .
 Pros
 I was very excited about this game then I found out about its drm issues . the only people the drm is hurting is the legitimate consumer . pirates have already cracked it and can re download the game as many times as they want . If i need to download it more than three times , I 'm out of luck . sorry ea thanks but no thanks . I will consider purchasing it if they deal with this mess .
 this game really sucks , the first phases are cute but boring and way simplistic , always doing the same things but in different ways , its boring and not challenging at all , you kill or eat fruit you charm or kill some more yayyy ... NOT then you get to space age , that besides being even more boring its super incredibly repetitive and idiotic , you only have one ship while every single freaking race out in space hates you guts and they have freaking fleets of ships that magically appear on your planets all the freaking time , and thats besides pirates and eco disasters and thats it . . you have 3 variables to work with and this is in easy ... i feel robbed , this game sucks , thats what i think
 I had this game pre-ordered and was more than excited to finally get my hands on it and play it . But after doing some research on the whole DRM thing I have decided that it is not worth purchasing a game with such extreme restrictions and having it install unwanted and dangerous software on my PC . After all it is called a PERSONAL COMPUTER ! How is it possible that software manufacturers can invade my privacy where not even the FBI or CIA can do it without a warrant and legal justifications?I think EA , Sony and whoever else came up with this smart idea need to get off their high thrones and take a walk with their customers.The idea of minimizing or even eliminating the pirating of games is fine . But to do it at the cost of your paying customers is suicidal.First off I think that any type of media manufacturers have to stop calculating with `` fictional '' numbers . By this I mean that they calculate the numbers of actually sold media and then add an approx . loss due to piracy . What makes you think that a pirate would actually be a potential paying customer if you made software , music , etc. pirate proof?If they ever decide to remove the DRM from the game completley then I will definatley buy a copy .
 I think I 'm done gaming until companies respect the sanctity of your own computer . Meaning no programs spying on you , No processes that run all the time whether you are playing or not , no modifications to boot sectors , no removing other software , etc. .
 I will not be iron-fisted into purchasing a product that is possessed by demonic DRM . Any product that uses DRM is customer unfriendly . It is obvious that EA does n't trust or respect its customers . As a result , I will vote against EA 's practices by not purchasing their product .
 Spore is good but not worth it for the handicapping it is receiving.I dont buy games that I cant play after 6 months , which will happen here . 3 uses and your out , ha . Maybe if they sell it for 5 $ would i ok that . Full price for that is a insult to commercialism .
 I was looking forward to this game for so long and now that I found out about their DRM I canceled my order and will not never buy it .
 I pre-ordered this game a couple months ago and it arrived this morning before work , I did n't have time to open it and install it and , after spending some time reading up on it at work , I 'm glad I did n't . I refuse to reward a company for assuming it 's customers are thieves . If they re-release the game without DRM I 'll be glad to try it , it looks like it could be fun . As it stands , however , I 'll never know because I 'm unwilling to allow SecuROM to destroy my computer .
 I was ready to buy this but the DRM is way too extreme . Perhaps I 'm just old fashioned , but I expect games to be mine forever no matter how many new computers or reformattings I go through . If all games were this way , I would no longer be able to play some of my favorite games , including Everquest , The Sims , Sim City , and World of Warcraft . No thanks , EA .
 Are you sick of having to try to call customer service reps for everything ? Just to have you routed through endless automated promps . Yes , they have even destroyed they games we love and play to `` RELAX `` EA you have got to be kidding me . Yeah I havent played it . Now I wo n't either . Grow up ! Everyone is n't trying to steal everything .
 I noticed in the news that the SecureRom `` 3 install limit '' was finally dropped from 2K Games `` BioShock '' . I refused to buy that game because of it . I 'm certain that 2K Games lost sales because of it , as I am most positive that EA will lose sales for the exact reason
 The game may be good , but you will be renting the game . The DRM will affect your computer in a bad way . Electronic Arts can turn the game off at any time . If you end up loving the game , in 2020 , when EA goes on to other things you will not longer be able to play it .
 Why EA and other game companies believe that treating all their customers like criminals and installing low-level nanny programs -LRB- that are hard to install -RRB- in their customers ' PCs is beyond me . The people who steal games will steal games , this only serves to annoy and drive away legitimate , honest customers . Like me . Sorry EA , would have liked to play Spore , but there are plenty of other games out there that do n't treat me like a criminal or limit my resale options . Thanks but no thanks .
 The game looks great - too bad I wo n't install it because of it 's DRM . I do n't want the rootkit on my computer . I 'd pay double the cost to get it without the DRM .
 Buying this game is like buying a cool-looking sports car with a horrible repair record . If you want to dick with making the DRM work and somebody maybe not be able to play at all , and reward manufacturers for making products that are harder to get to work legitimately than they are to pirate , then by all means rush out to buy this game .
 Do n't buy this game.Seriously
 I was planning on buying the game when I first read about its gameplay concept some months ago , but when I found out the game would ship with SecuROM I decided to pass and get The Witcher instead . I skipped Mass Effect and Bioshock , two other games I would have otherwise purchased , for the same reason . That 's 3 sales from me that EA has lost.If you want to know what SecuROM does , Wikipedia has an article on it at
 As a note , this is partially an EA DRM related review concerning the installation and operation of Spore.When I went to install the game , all seemed well . Or so I thought . It uninstalled the Creature Creator , as expected , but as far as I recall , it did n't ask where I wanted to install Spore to . I do n't have a lot of space on my C
 DRM only hurts legitimate consumers . Anyone who pirates games will find a way to do so regardless of what publishers try . On the other hand , people who actually purchase the game get screwed dealing with the inconvenience and poorly developed crap robbing system resources.Enough already .
 I 'd like to review the gameplay itself here and avoid any discussion of the DRM which others have commented on . My opinion is that this game is not worth purchasing . It 's a computer game that just is n't fun . Some might find actually find it `` annoying '' . And I suppose there might be some 5-10 year olds that like it . Here 's why.While Spore is completely innovative with graphics and sound , the game itself is repetitive , boring , and intellectually insulting . It has a user interface that is very difficult to use which begins at the first stage and never stops . Input and actions feel sluggish and non-precise , compared to controlling character -LRB- s -RRB- in GTA or WOW.If I were to design Spore there would be some major changes . The gameplay itself would be procedural , not just the graphics and sound . Do I think it should be a multi-player game ? Yes . Should there be a continued focus on the characters you create ? Yes . Unfortunately you `` lose '' control of your beloved creation as the game progresses . Tears.The results of your efforts are so linear and useless the product might as well be a movie or a cartoon on Saturday morning where the funny brocooli guy dances for the meat-eating coffee table , and they make friends . It 's more fun to watch with your hands relaxed than click the user interface
 Outlaw guns and only outlaws will have guns.Outlaw user-friendly , restriction-free gaming and only outlaws will have user-friendly , restriction-free games.When will these corporate suits realize that honorable people are the only ones being restricted by this DRM/SecuRom crap ? The actual criminals will always find ways around it . Spore has already been pirated , EA . Plus you 're losing a LOT of potential paying customers because of it , and most of those who did buy Spore are regretting it and cursing your name . Many will probably even turn to the pirates to get a Big Brother-free copy of the game . Way to fail , EA . Idiots ... I came to Amazon to buy Spore . I 'm now leaving without it , a bit sadder , but much wiser . Thankfully there are hordes of reviewers who ignore all the snide comments to `` review the actual game , not the DRM , '' otherwise I 'd be out $ 50 . Ah , well . According to most of the `` actual game '' reviews , Spore does n't live up to the hype anyway . It 's apparently pretty boring and mediocre unless you 're a casual gamer . So no big loss , I guess .
 I bought this for my daughter , but after reading the reviews -LRB- after I ordered-DOH ! -RRB- I read about the DRM issues . After reading further reviews on CNET , I decided to cancel my order . While I am the first person to say that the creators need to be paid for their work , the use of this draconian DRM scheme is like using a neutron Bomb to control the mosquito population!It would n't have worked anyway , because I do n't have an ` always on ' internet connection -LRB- hate paying the cable company when I can use my cell phone on my laptop -RRB- .
 The game gets really repetitive and boring after playing it once . DRM makes it not worth your while .
 Product was broken out of the box . -LRB- Had DRM -RRB-
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Spore is n't `` bad '' , but it 's not definitely not `` good '' and far from being what was promised.Where did it go wrong ? Well , each stage until you start reaching civilization is so brief , so boring and uncreative in gameplay that they 've been designed to get through in an hour to save you aggrivation . I 'm not exactly sure what they were thinking when they decided to include the first three stages in the game , maybe a marketing strategy ? Maybe to hold up the games promise ? Unsure . But they do n't work and I think they should have been left out.The creature creator promised to create creatures of your own design , but are so dumbed down and restrictive that you 'll quickly be bored . It does n't really matter what parts you put where , each part has a value that raises a stat and including them is all that matters . I 'm also more than a little disappointed by the parts available for your creature . You have to run around and collect them in the game to make them available , but there 's no real challenge in getting them and most are just stamps of the same parts with the same stats with a little different look to it -LRB- and I mean little -RRB- . Which creature you choose is simple
 I guess I would n't care about renting the game so much since it 's ho-hum at best . But now I have to figure out how to get ea spyware of my computer without screwing up my OS . Never again , just console games from now on for me . Thank you EA , for hastening the decline of computer gaming for the average consumer .
 EA puts DRM which punishes the paying customer , meanwhile the many people who pirated it a week before it came out do n't have to be treated like criminal 's after their third install.Not to mention a good bunch of features were removed due to EA 's pressure to make money now , add expansions later mindset .
 Its just not fun . No real strategy and you can `` complete '' the game in about 5 hours . It is like a 3 hour advanced character creator .
 Spore is the latest in the string of games I 've bought that have stabbed me in the back with awful DRM after I 've purchased it.Spore is by all means a great , fun game . But do n't buy it.EA has once again taken the route of using DRM that is both unethical and insulting . I 've paid for a game , so let me install it ! As a Windows user , I 'm regularly rebuilding my machine ... so in reality , I wo n't be able to play Spore at all by this time next year . At least Bioshock lets you `` unauthorise '' computers ... but even that 's a stretch.The word being thrown around about Spore is ... `` rental '' . After handing over your cash , all you get in return is a countdown - at some point , the disk will be useless to you . If publishers continue to insist on using this terrible DRM , I can safely say I wo n't be purchasing anymore PC games . Ever . It 's not worth it.If I knew then what I know now about the game 's DRM situation ... I would not buy it.As it stands , I 've already activated twice . Tick ... tock ...
 The DRM . Seriously . Unlike many other people , I found this game quite enjoyable ; admittedly there are many points where it gets monotonous , bland , a waste of your creativity ... . but I still enjoyed it when I played it . Uh , when it did n't crash for no apparent reason and lose all my progress because it does n't autosave and I had n't the forethought to save manually , that is.However I did not enjoy it when I ran out of installs . At that point , EA told me I could n't play the game I 'd purchased anymore.I 'm still blown away by that response .
 First , the DRM system is annoying and draconian . I resent being treated like a thief for a game that is so expensive and it just really puts me off.Let me say that parts of this game are quite fun to my 9 year old son . He enjoys building the creatures , boats , planes , houses , etc. that are in the game . He enjoys the tribal stage the best , where he gets to run -LRB- or glide -RRB- around , fight with other tribes , and collect goodies . And he was very happy when he found all the cheats on the internet so that he could skip through the long boring sections of building up wealth.But that 's about it . He complains that he ca n't just make whatever creature he wants and play with it in different stages . The game is very restrictive and does n't seem to support the idea that someone might just want to play around without having to play to the game 's objective.Overall , my son has enjoyed playing with the Creature Creator more than Spore itself . He just wishes that in Creature Creator he could do more with the creatures he 's made.I 'm not sure what the hype is all about and if I had it to do again , I 'd skip it .
 The potential of this game is erased because the makers wanted to go ahead and secretly add copy protection software and in effect ruin it for me and many more potential customers . AT LEAST PUT A STATEMENT ON THE BOX WHICH SAYS THAT IT WILL COME WITH COPY PROTECTION SOFTWARE . That 's just low . But what can you expect , all these companies are concerned about is money , NOTHING ELSE . You would be a fool to believe that they care about you and what you think and what you feel . NO , they might say that but only because they want your money . OK - now you know .
 I figure , why reinvent the wheel in writing reviews when so many have written a review of this game I agree with . Here is one that will give a good unbiased real world review of the gameplay of Spore : http://news.bigdownload.com/gallery/10-reasons-to-avoid-spore/1033918/ `` It 's becoming common practice for EA to punish legitimate users for buying its games . Spore 's Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- software , designed to prevent people from pirating the game , allows users to install the game three times with internet authentication required each time . Uninstalling wo n't `` refund '' any opportunities . Users will have to call EA customer service and plead their case to get additional installations . Online protesters lowered the game 's score on Amazon.com over the DRM issue , but EA remains unrelenting . To add insult to injury , an illegal copy of the game circulated around the internet prior to the game 's official release , so pirates get to play Spore hassle-free . '' `` As if the ridiculously inhibitive DRM were n't enough , Spore is probably the first family-friendly game that is n't meant for the whole family to play . Not if they want to keep their creations and save games apart from each other , want credit when sharing creations , or looking to make buddies . Sure , everyone could share a single account , which could lead to arguments over who modified what on each creature . '' `` There 's no denying that Spore comes with an impressive set of tools to create creatures that move and interact with each other and the environment . Unfortunately , there 's not much for your creature to do once it sets foot out into the world . Most phases center on the same principle of setting forth and gathering food and resources without being eradicated or eaten , which can get stale pretty quickly . The Civilization Stage incorporates some real-time strategy elements without requiring much strategy . Equipping decent weapons and building enough units to overwhelm enemies is usually all you need to do to get ahead . '' `` The theory of evolution depends on a large degree of genetic diversity in order to adapt . The whole point of Spore is to eradicate all diversity so that your creature is the only dominant form of life in the galaxy . Everything looks exactly the same in Spore . Every tribe member looks completely identical to one another , right down to the spots , with some very minor exceptions . Additionally , there 's no way to make aquatic or avian creatures.A large part of the joy in playing The Sims 2 came from mating two people together to see what physical traits the child would inherit . Spore creatures can not randomly cross-breed , which eliminates any sense of surprise the game might have to offer . Similarly , players can only design one type of building to serve each of the city 's needs such as housing , manufacturing or entertainment . Cities generally do n't need much to begin with , which effectively makes every one look the same too . '' `` Players can pretty much breeze through the quick and utterly forgettable Cell and Creature Phases . In fact , each stage only has a small impact on the next . You end up losing useful traits like the electric zapper after the transition from water to land . Players will no longer be able to modify their creature 's physical attributes when the Tribe Stage starts , and creatures immediately ditch their stone axes and woodwind instruments for tanks and radio communications once the Civilization Stage starts . Forming a civilization has less to do with building and managing an empire than it does bashing , buying out or talking opponents into submission . All of these strategies involve building enough vehicles to overwhelm enemies . There 's no formal government , so none of the inhabitants care if you suddenly switch to brute force to conquer a city when bribery and persuasion fail . Spore does n't really come together as a game until the Space Stage . '' `` We gave peace a chance and found it wholly unsatisfying . Playing nice during the early phases involves going through some tedious follow-the-leader games where you need to pick up special moves by installing body parts that up one 's charisma . Adding new body parts for the sake of learning new dance moves instead of watching and mimicking over time does n't seem very smart for an evolving creature . If singing and dancing do n't impress the neighbors , you 'll need to subjugate other tribes however you can to add their instruments to your inventory . That way you 'll be able to please demanding audiences that need a lot more than flutes . Or you could simply kill them all and burn their huts to the ground . Killing and burning often yields the fastest results , since none of the tribes you make peace with make it to the Civilization Stage anyway.You could argue that there 's a benefit to peacefully annexing cities in the Civilization stage , in that you do n't have to rebuild all the structures you blow up . However , since there 's no technology tree or building upgrades , rebuilding is just a minor inconvenience . In the Space Stage , no one is smart enough to develop cures when you infect them with deadly viruses . If you 're not converting or buying out alien species , the only option is to completely eradicate them . You ca n't keep any as pets , slaves or food . What kind of evolved species is that ? '' `` For a game based heavily on evolutionary theory , Spore barely scratches the surface . Nothing the player does have any lasting impact on the world around them . Driving a species to extinction does n't do anything to the ecosystem . There are no rainy or dry seasons to impact food supplies . No way to domesticate animals to help hunt or farm . There are n't any implications to having a strictly carnivorous species take over a planet where , one would expect , there 's a limited amount of meat to consume . Spore invites people to experiment and try out different things , but it 's so limited that there 's not much to experiment with . Incidentally , constantly eating does not lead to obese creatures . '' `` Will Wright designed Spore to specifically appeal to casual players using simple gameplay mechanics and objectives . All of that gets thrown out the window when the Space Stage starts , with variety of diplomatic options when dealing with aliens , terraforming planets and taking over the galaxy . The other four phases are supposed to prepare you for the final frontier , but do a very poor job of it . There 's no progressive transition , so suddenly getting launched into space can be overwhelming , and can potentially turn-off the casual audience the game was meant to attract . '' `` Now that your creature is driving around in a shiny tank or cruising in a space ship , it does n't really need those razor sharp claws popping out of its head anymore . If you 're dissatisfied with how your creature turned out , then too bad , there 's no way to edit your creation 's physical traits once the Creature Phase ends . From Tribal Phase and onward , Spore becomes more about dressing creatures in fancy clothes , tricking out rides and messing with the climates of distant worlds than adapting to changing conditions . Since conditions never actually change in the game , except for the indigenous creatures , it 's apparent that only 2/5 of this game have anything to do with evolution . Space faring societies do n't even discover genetic manipulation to remove unsightly dance ears from the gene pool . '' `` Despite being delayed on different occasions and winning numerous accolades for design , the total Spore experience simply does n't pay off . 4 out of 5 stages are shallow and completely forgettable , and each stage ditches the appeal of previous ones instead of building on them . Lastly , there 's not much to keep players involved until the Space Stage . Maybe it 's time to give some of those awards back ... ''
 This is pathetic . I am not going to spend $ 50 on any game that limits MY usage of it . I wont even buy the game if it was selling for 10 dollars on discount . Why ? Because you SUCK Electronic Arts.You know what ? Even IF you fix the problem , I am still never going to buy ANY of your games again , including those for the ps3 , 360 , and Wii .
 Do n't create DRM on the client . Let me install this game as many times as I want but make me prove I own the game when I log in to the servers . I wo n't buy the game until the DRM changes .
 I ca n't really review the game as I have not purchased it for the same reason I did not purchase Mass Effect . I was truly looking forward to buying both of these games -LRB- which is amazing as I 'm very picky about what I spend my money on -RRB- but both of the games I was looking forward to purchasing would be useless in a few years due to the restrictive `` rights '' management . What do I mean ? Well , let 's put it this way , I 'd really like to play Wasteland again , however the company no longer supports the game , which means I can no longer play it as I do n't have the manual anymore . Can this company promise that in 30 years when I want to dust off a copy of Spore or Mass Effect that they 'd be around to help me get it installed ? Most likely not ... . this is a time-limited rental where they are not going to tell you exactly when your `` rental '' runs out . If I buy a game I BUY the game and can play it whether I 'm 16 or 60 .
 Over 2000 one star reviews thanks to DRM . And yet , a single torrent for a hacked Spore currently has over 26000 peers . Good job alienating your customers , EA .
 Another take on Spore . I did n't give it a 1 star because I got it to work on my kid 's system but it does n't work on mine . The game itself hardly delivers on all the promises made leading to all the hype . I thought it was going to be a AAA A-life sim -LRB- artificial life -RRB- similar in vein to the excellent `` Creatures '' -LRB- http://creatures.wikia.com/wiki/Creatures_Wiki_Homepage -RRB- game released several years ago . Instead , it 's just a bunch of basic mini-games packaged into one . The gameplay has really been dumbed down -- and thus gets boring after a while . Instead of the big jump in stages , I was hoping to actually see 1 FULL game -LRB- instead of 4 minis -RRB- that you can incrementally evolve your creature to a a higher lifeform -- Darwinian evolution . The changes you make to a creature really has no effect on whether a creature really is better suited for life.As far as the DRM issue , for some reason it keeps saying that I 'm not online and ca n't verify the game . This really irks me because it only works on my kid 's computer . I followed all the tips on EA 's tech site but to no avail . They really need to do something that does n't punish legit customers . According to several reports , the game is one of the most pirated games of all time -- I guess EA got the opposite effect of what they wanted.On a positive note , the Creature Creator really is a work of art . Please note that you do n't need to buy the seperate Creature Creator if you get the full game -LRB- which was my mistake -RRB- . You can build almost any type of creature , vehicle , and building imaginable . The only thing missing that I was n't able to find was the ability to customize the sound of your creature . On top of that , downloading new custom creatures is done through small 30kb PNG files . Even if Spore becomes a failure , I really hope the Creature Creator technology can be put to good use in all customizable games.Without the DRM issue , I would give it 3 stars .
 I was pretty excited for this game after the videos I 've watched over the past few years . Unfortunately , I will not be buying the game given the DRM issues . I 'm not interested in `` buying '' a game that will expire as I change operating systems or computers .
 `` Despite this , EA has no intention to change the DMR copy protection system , corporate communications manager Mariam Sughayer reasoning that less than 25 % of users install games more than once and also that less than 1 % of them try to install their games more than three times . `` I bought Homeworld many years ago . I still play it . Between failed hard drives and system upgrades , I have installed this game many , many times . EA 's logic seems to ignore the fact that they are inconveniencing the people who will be the game 's biggest fans and longest-lasting players . Having learned of EA 's DRM policy , I have no intention of installing Spore even once . I 'd much rather play something I already have , which I know that I can continue to enjoy .
 This is actually a game that I would like to have bought , but I will not buy this it because of the DRM restrictions . I do not want spy-software on my computer that monitors my activities . If I would like to install the game 10 times , that is my right . And if I want to sell my copy the game to someone else I have the right do to that.Maybe I would like to install it in 10 years time from now , but with DRM the chances are slim that I can do that . How long will they have the dail-in phone activated ? Hmm ?? And I do not want to be treated like a criminal . That is what DRM does . It treats me like a criminal . So the easiest thing is not to buy anything with DRM . There is lots of other nice stuff to buy that do n't have it : -RRB-
 The last time I purchased a PC game with heavy handed DRM was almost two years ago . I was unable to get the game to work and the DRM/copy protection on the game really messed up my computer.You ca n't return a game if it does n't work on your computer so do n't think you have any recourse . Plus tech support has their hands tied by the same uninformed corporate theives who requested the DRM be programmed into the game in the first place , so they wo n't be able to help you if you have a problem.I am now careful to read reviews and I avoid buying PC games which include DRM.The people who hack and steal games are not deterred or slowed down by DRM , so I ca n't understand why companies bother putting it on their games.The funny thing is that by adding DRM which prevents paying customers from using Spore , EA has become the thief themselves by stealing money from their customers and not delivering the gaming experience consumers expect.I was looking forward to Spore but I am not going to pay for a game which assumes I intend to steal it and blocks me from playing the game .
 If you buy a wheel for your car , does it evaporate when you put it on a different car ? If you buy this game and have to load it on your computer more than twice , rather changing computers or taking it off one and putting it on another , it will break ! THANKS BUT NO THANKS ...
 Like everyone else is saying please do n't buy this game it will encourage EA to keep putting DRM on future software , which means that you 'll only be able to install it 3 times then you have to buy the game again , and once their activation servers are gone in a few years you wo n't be able to play it period , regardless of whether you used all your activations . It 's a terribly unfair system to the consumers .
 My girlfriend and I were very excited for Spore . We rushed out to buy it , and quickly installed it on my desktop and on my laptop that night . The next day I found out about the DRM from hell.Since I am only allowed three installations EVER , I know only have one more opportunity to install my game . I am a power user and I change hardware and reload Windows very often . This a major disappointment for me , as now the next time I have to wipe Windows , I can never install Spore again.On top of that , the gameplay is very weak . We are already bored with the game after less than a week . It is 95 % space and 5 % everything else , and what is there feels really dumbed down.I am very unhappy with my purchase , I wish I could sell or return the game but I am stuck with it . If EA 's Dead Space , a game I am REALLY looking forward to , since it reminds me a lot of System Shock 2 -LRB- a game I can install as many times as I want , remember those days -RRB- , I will be forced to skip that game . EA 's greed FTL .
 think this game is for you ? not if you plan on having to install it more than 3 times . . try to do that . . and your RENTAL is over . . no more game for you . . got ta buy it again . . think thats a good way to spend $ 50 ? what if their activation servers go down . . game over . . your voice . . your vote ...
 do n't bother getting this game , it is so crippled by DRM that it kills what would have been a good game .
 Can not possibly conceive of installing this malware laden garbage on my computer . Its a shame that Will Wright 's software is not accessible due to onerous use restrictions . You only can install it 3 times - that 's it - 3 times for the price . If you change your computer hardware , upgrade or simply have to reinstall your operating system due to a variety of problems , make sure that it never goes above 3 times , or you just bought a useless program . Add to that the requirement that the program requires an activation server to be running , and you might not be able to use this program outside of the next year or two , in case EA suddenly decides to take them down , as did many activation servers required to listen to music people thought they bought last year .
 After waiting 2 + years for this game I 'm rather disapointed at the lack of content/skill required for the game.Then I find out all this DRM **** that EA is trying to pull . Amazing how they treat the people who buy these games like criminals . I should n't be treated like a thief for purchasing this game.If I could go back , I 'd have left this game on the shelf and $ 50 in pocket .
 I 'd rather pay for a game without DRM , thank you . EA wo n't be seeing any of my money .
 This looks like a fun game . I 've been waiting for a long time to get my copy.Then I started reading reviews which talked about the Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- it uses.Until and unless this is removed , I will not get a copy .
 I was looking forward to buy this game until I found out EA used SecuROM on it , I own a laptop and a desktop , that 's 2 installs , I constantly upgrade my desktop and get a new laptop on yearly basis , am I to fight with EA over why I need to install it a 4th time ? no thanks , I get games to relax and have fun , not to build up stress asking/fighting EA to let me use the game I paid for . If I can listen my music CDs in my car , my stereo , my laptop , my desktop , etc. without asking music companies permission for it , why ca n't I expect to do the same with a game , why ca n't I freely enjoy something I would pay for ? . I 'll find something else to do with my money and my time . Great way to ruin a great product , cheers EA ! .
 It would have been a great game , IF , ONLY IF , not for the horrendous DRM restrictions . Stay away until they fix it !
 I 'm not going to purchase this game until EA changes the DRM on it . Too bad , I 'd love to play , but I do n't want to support this kind of restriction .
 The issue is n't that this game * has * DRM , but that it uses such a restrictive version . It requires an authentication to install . If your computer dies and you need to reinstall later , you may be left out in the cold . This is n't likely to happen , but most every other game -LRB- other than Mass Effect for the PC -RRB- does n't place this extreme restriction.Sins of a Solar EmpireandGalactic Civilizations II Golddo n't even have any protection . They assume their customers bought it , and that any pirates would have stolen it anyway . Nothing extra to slow down your machine to check if the disc is still in the drive .
 I 've removed my order for the game and am waiting for a re-release without the DRM and rootkit type problems that this one appears to have based on these reviews.I was so looking forward to this game.What a shame.-Don
 After seeing a preview trailer some years ago , I eagerly awaited the release of this game . Upon purchasing , I was incredibly disappointed . First of all , the main point of the game , evolution by natural selection , was completely ditched . The creation of your creature has virtually no effect on its success or failure . It 's more akin to dressing up Barbie dolls.Secondly , the multiplayer feature was completely dropped . You can , however , download different models for the various creatures , vehicles , etc. that other players have made . Big deal . I 've never been a fan of single player games and I feel as though I 've been duped into thinking this was not one.Lastly , the whole DRM thing is a bit ridiculous . It 's not even an online game so why should people have to activate over the internet ? That makes no sense . I wish I could get my $ 50 back .
 There is absolutely no way I 'm buying this game until the SecuRom rubbish and limited installations are removed . I 'm sick and tired of buying games that are inferior to the cracked versions available for free from pirate sites . I did n't buy Mass Effect for the same reason and I wo n't be buying this . Congratulations EA , you 've just cost yourself two sales AND your game was pirated pre-release in any case .
 Sorry that an otherwise good game is getting slammed by the DRM implementation , but count me in on that bandwagon . I have a laptop , and a desktop -- both of which I plan on replacing soon . Looks like I 'll have to buy * another * copy of this game if I intend to play it on both when I upgrade . Stay far , far away from this . It 's too hard to justify spending the money on something so limited . I was really looking forward to playing this , too . I promptly returned my copy when I found this out . DRM FTF .
 i built my computer from spare parts , and after seeing my friends computer stop working 6 ways from sunday after installing this game , i 'm not even about to try.If it was DRM free , i might give it a try . as it is , i 'm more likely to try the leaked and pirated version without any drm .
 I was really excited about this game and kept up with all the news and development previews . SecuROM is an absolute deal breaker ! I use my computer for plenty of legitimate activities -LRB- that I use to make money to buy games -RRB- that are impeded by the DRM.The most brain-dead part of using securom is that those pirating the game will have a better experience than legit customers . When faced with paying more for less , why would any self-respecting consumer be willing to put up with this ? At best EA can hope for people who wo n't notice or care , or will play the game for its virtues while tolerating securom running on their systems . EA tends to be especially problematic with the separate online helper apps , and I 'm not willing to endure the hassle for a paid product.Pirates are not financially damaging spore 's success , it 's EA 's misguided approach to treating their paying customers as criminals . Piracy is a reality of PC gaming since FOREVER . Instead of capitalizing on the good publicity pirates can offer , they 're getting all this bad press from potential customers for choosing to implement their DRM scheme.I 'll be enjoying Fallout3 later this year , being more than happy to pay for a quality game from a company that appreciates its customers . In the meantime , it 's nice to get away from the computer and out in the real world .
 I do n't own the game and do not plan a buying it now . The invasive DRM is a show stopper . For those who `` do n't understand '' the one star reviews of this game regarding the DRM , you caused me to post this . For every one of you there are hundreds of me . We are people who are fed up , sick and tired of bad business decisions that shove unwanted restrictions on us . Installing more than three times is completely conceivable over the course of several years . This DRM is garbage and makes the game garbage . You can tolerate bad DRM , good for you . I wo n't .
 First off , the game is amazingly fun to play . However if you buy the game from any retailer it comes packaged with EAs own virus for your computer . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . Find a way to download it so you can install it again after your HD crashes , or you get a new computer .
 I bought this game yesterday from a local retailer . Have yet to install it . I have the creature creator installed on my PC and was excited to see the dozen or so creatures I have created come to life when the real game came out . Upon reading about SecuROM and what it has been known to do , Such as Installing a Rootkit ! Circumventing Admin Rights ! And Constantly running , even when the game is n't ! I have since elected to return my Spore game and uninstall the Creature Creator . Hopefully , I do n't have any malware left over from the Creature Creator . And if I do , hopefully , I can get it off my PC .
 To bad EA decided to be stupid about the DRM for this game otherwise I would actually buy it and enjoy it.LEARN from the music industry . All DRM does is hurt legitimate users of your product/service .
 Ok this is it , this is the last time I will buy any PC game , ever.Why buy games legally and get DRM installed on your rig , when the pirated versions are DRM free ?
 Although this is a really fun game , the DRM that comes with it makes it not worth the purchase . EA is getting worse and worse about this . Vote with your dollars , people . Do n't buy a game that will take over your system .
 I was going to purchase this game . The BF and I were going to start characters together and all that , but all of my friends are warning me against it because of the DRM.Oh well , looks like another game goes down the tubes .
 Like much of the geek world , I highly anticipated Spore . However , the game has some serious flaws -- some worse than others.Days before Spore was released , it was soaring through the pirate network . Yet , Electronic Arts chooses to continually punish those that buy the game . Personally , I do n't mind games that require activation , but loathe needing media in my computer . I also do not want to be restricted on where I install it . Stardock 's Galactic Civilization -LRB- and other games -RRB- are a good example of how gaming software companies should operate . EA 's Spore ... is not . While it does not require the physical media to be in the computer , it does limit you to three installs . I 've used two so far -LRB- I have a Mac -LSB- 1 -RSB- w / Boot Camp -RRB- . The second huge nit only overshadowed by the DRM is that you can not create sub-accounts -LSB- 2 -RSB- . What this means is that you need one computer per Spore-player and one purchased Spore per Spore-player . Gone are the days of having one family gaming computer . With the single account , single activation your family members ' individual and unique styles will be linked under your master account ; their achievements made yours . I was sorely disappointed in this.Lastly , the gameplay is lackluster . They did a fantastic job on the creature editor . World navigation controls are poorly thought out and the gameplay puts me to sleep -LRB- seriously , mimicry in both the creature * and * tribal phases ? -RRB- . -LSB- 1 -RSB- Note to Mac users . The game is a port and runs fairly well in Mac OS X on my Macbook Pro . It runs better in native Windows XP . -LSB- 2 -RSB- Despite the text to the contrary on pg . 52 of the USA manual .
 I was looking forward to this game , but with Securom AND a limited 3 installs , I 'll pass on it .
 I ca n't enjoy a game where the publisher treats the customer as if he were a parolled felon
 I was tempted to purchase , but frankly , the DRM is too much hassle . Sorry EA , drop Securom and we 'll talk again ...
 Yet another reminder not to listen to hype and to check Amazon reviews before buying . DRM aside , this is just not that great a game . It 's a collection of 5 been-there-done-that mini games that individually would go for maybe $ 5 in the bargain bin , if that . EA already gave one of them away for free . 3D graphics are cool , online content sharing is cool , but neither are new . Cosmetics aside , there 's just not much complexity in game strategy - there are n't that many different things to do , so once you 've played it once , there does n't seem to be much point in playing again . I could live with that for a $ 20 game , but this thing is seriously overpriced . There 's no way I 'm paying even more for expansion packs . I feel like a sucker as it is .
 The game looks fantastic , but I absolutely refuse to give any company my money when they treat their customers that way.So , to play your game , I have to allow invasive root-kit control of my machine , and I only get three installs before it 's junked ? I have a better idea . I 'll go ride a bike .
 A friend of mine bought/installed SPORE . Played it for a few minutes and then started having BSOD . Turned out his hard drive was developing bad sectors and the audio drivers got clobbered . Tried cloning his drive to a new one in order to minimize downtime.You can guess what Spore 's DRM did.As time goes on , DRM will ultimately mean you rent and not really own and when the company you bought from goes under or discontinues a service or support , you are left with nada.Get used to it . Pay rental prices , not high prices justified because `` ownership '' . Or avoid the DRM situation and spend your money and time on something else.I ca n't avoid Adobe Photoshop CS3 restrictions , but , it 's a powerful tool . Spore is just a game .
 Game is very fun but the DRM is a real bitch and screws up the game . And for any pc user that upgrades or reformats three times you lose the game kind of like paying for something and not owning it .
 I 've been a huge fan of Spore from the start , it looked really promising , however after few hours with the game . . I came away disgusted . The game has been over simplified and dumbed to the point it 's just not much fun anymore . The including DRM does n't really help it 's rating anyway . Requires online activation , and 3 activations only . but for me . . only need to install once then delete it anyway .
 On top of the DRM issues , now it comes out that each copy of the game can only have one account , i.e. if you buy a copy and your wife/kids/siblings want to play , they either have to play as your character or buy another copy of the game to set up their own account . This despite the instruction manual stating that multiple accounts could be played on one copy of the game . The Evil Empire , AKA EA strikes again . My copy is going back .
 I was immediately disappointed with how quickly the cell and creature stages went by . Once I got to the tribal stage I got so bored that I shut the game off and did n't play it until the next day . On the next day of playing , the tribal stage was so boring that I skipped right to the civilization stage and once there same thing , I shut it off until the third day . Again , on the third day , the civ stage was so boring that I skipped right to the space stage , played that for about an hour and that was it . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this game . . you are NOT missing out on ANYTHING .
 Nice work EA , congratulations on pissing off all your customers . I was going to buy this game but after reading about your DRM system i 'm just not going to bother . And for the record , I never pirate games but if a crack comes out for Spore I just might . Idiots .
 This game is great ! I love building games , sim city , garry 's mod , so on . The only issue is the DRM , i want to be able to play this game later on down the road , much like i still play sim city 4 . The game play is great , just wish there was a way to instntly jump into layers , galaxy , solar system , planet layer without holding + or - . The game play is far form lack luster , if you play it like halo and try to rush to the end -LRB- center of the galaxy -RRB- then this is not your genre . I 'm hoping an expansion adds more parts to the creator system.So , great game , bad execution with the wanna-be steam , updater thing , and use of DRM . This game will never be a classic if you can not play it in the future to have those `` good ol times '' like you can with DOOM or Sim City 2000 . $ 50 for a game that will not survive the test of time -LRB- Aside from pirated , non DRM versions -RRB- , and future solutions for content sharing / servers . I bought it as I 'm an aspirating game developer .
 There is no substance to this game at all . I have been , as millions of others have , fnatically waiting for the release of this game for roughly 2 years , because I thought this was supposed to be THE GAME , and the media and the creators have done nothing but to raise my expectations even more since then.So what happened ? What happened to the complexity that Will Wright has promised ? What happened to the epic content that is so big that it will take YEARS for users to explore ?????????? Why could so many people finish this game in 6 hours and hate it so much now?Aside from the SecuROM included in the game , which is a definite deal breaker no matter how you look at it , the game itself fails to deliver , and I am now left in utter disappointment and hatred for the creatorsThis was supposed to be a unique game , a game that ` evolutionizes ' and possibly create a new genre in gaming industry and overwhelm players with freshness and depthBut all I got from this package is a collection of 5 badly-executed mini games and a VIRUS . What a deal . And to think that I do n't even OWN this game in the sense that EA holds the key to GRANTING me access to MY game which I BOUGHTBut enough complaint about EA 's horrendous policy against their own customers , I think other 1900 reviews cover the point very thoroughly without me having say the same detail over againthe first stage , called CELL STAGE , you play a ` CELL ' which has EYES by the way because that 's what cells are all about . All you have to do , literally , is swim around , and eat green thingies or red thingies depending on whether you chose carnivore or herbivore for roughly 20-30 minutesthat 's really fun . I had fun for maybe 30 seconds . All this HYPE over THIS STUPID MINI GAME ? You got ta be kidding me . This is so simple and boring that I can not even imagine what creators were thinking.Not only is it scientifically so incorrect but it 's also ridiculously tedious and shallow I do n't see how any person who has played more than 5 games in his or her lifetime to think this is a masterpiece.and after this , you move on to the next stage , called the CREATURE STAGE.Now you play a creature that you customized . By this point , I was already kind of disappointed , but I had fun making my funny looking creature , so I renewed hope and started playing the 2nd stage ... But hey , I thought this was supposed to be an evolutionary game ... NOPE , NOT AT ALLit 's just the boringest hack and slash RPG mini game you will ever play in your life ... oh , and if you do n't wan na do that , you have the option to sing to other creatures instead of killing them , real clever , it really takes a genius like Will Wright to come up with this brilliant scheme , and best part is it only requires you to repeat this monotonous blasphemy for just 30 minutes before ending the nightmareI think the game 's main selling point was that the actions you take AFFECTS the outcome of your creature 's evolutionary path , and subsequently people believed that this was going to be a very complex game with unlimited possibility to how your creature looks and acts.But no , all creatures are the same , and there is no EVOLUTIONYou can change the shape of your creature , but it does n't change the gameplay at all , which means there 's absolutely no replay value to this game.Anyways , here 's the best part . You know how they tried so hard to make you believe this game 's about EVOLUTION.ok , now comes the ` EVOLUTION ' part of the game . Instead of using the common term ` experience , ' this game uses ` DNA'Are you dumbstruck yet ? I know I was . This game is nothing more than a simple world that a 10 yr old could 've designed in his ` thinking ' time if other people programmed it for him.You will find free flash games on web that are more complex than this gameThe next stage , Tribal stage , by which point I quit , is about the most horrendous RTS mini game you will play.Where have I heard of CLICK YOUR VILLAGERS , NOW RIGHT CLICK RESOURCES , NOW MAKE AN ARMY AND INVADE OTHER VILLAGESSame ol' same ol' but this one 's definitely different from other RTS 's in the sense that it is executed very horribly.I dont understand , if I wanted to play a RTS , I would 've bought a full RTS game . Instead , I bought Spore and now I 'm playing all these half-baked would-be-masterpiece minigames which are actually very very bad and boring ? What a big mistake I made ... and have I mentioned that instead of conquering other villages , you can befriend them for the same result?REAL CLEVER AGAINTAKES A REAL GENIUS I THINKLET 'S ALL BUY THIS GAME AND ENJOY IT FOR 5 MINUTES AND NEVER LOOK AT IT AGAINWait a sec , I thought the actions you take affects the outcome and your creature will evolutionize in a different way.NAHFIRST OF ACTIONS YOU CAN TAKE ARE VERY LIMITED.YOU CAN EITHER CONQUER OR BEFRIEND OTHER VILLAGES , BUT EITHER OPTION DOES NOT ALTER GAMEPLAY AT ALL.On top of that , this game comes with the notorious SecuROM DRM , but aside from it installing unremovable rootkit in everyone 's system files , I do n't even find it very restrictive any more because who will seriously enjoy this game ENOUGH to install it 3 times ... Again , I 'm very disappointed and I will be uninstalling this waste of my harddrive space as soon as I 'm done writing thisOh , I forgot to mention the prosOk , the creature creator is fun , but sadly it 's about the only fun part of the game ... . too bad the game itself is so terrible that it makes creating a unique creature a waste of time as well ... and if you care about this at all , the Spore world is very colorful and stylish ... with colorful creatures on itso that 's my complete list of all the good things about this game I found ... . I know it 's very short but that 's the truthSo , those who bought this game already , enjoy it when you can , cuz this game gets boring very quick
 the game itself is as awesome as to be expected . but boo to DRMplayed 6 hours straight .5 stars is n't enough for Will and the spore team1 is far to many for EA
 Plenty has been said about DRM already so I 'll just say that I bought this game as soon as the store opened on launch day and then had to spend the next two hours dealing with issues caused by the DRM.My first install suffered numerous file not found errors - at first I thought the dvd itself was bad but after some searching I found that apparently EA does n't like my having a disc image software item on my computer - it would have been nicer to just have the install program say , ` Hey , get rid of that first ! ' instead of a failed install . A few reboots , manual removal of the sorta-installed data and a removal of the disc image software -LRB- which is legal and should NOT matter at all -RRB- I was able to get an install to work . Strangely , even after all that , the dvd will not autoplay -LRB- except to do an install , no startup menu or anything -RRB- and the game failed to put -LRB- or offer to put -RRB- a desktop shortcut or start menu shortcut . I had to go make my own shortcut to the executeable ! I was n't expecting this from a top-polish game out of a major company.All that said , the game is a lot of fun . That 's why I gave the overall product a 2 . Why not a 4 or 5 ? Because thanks to EA I 'm apparently assumed a criminal when I buy their product with my money . Oh , and thanks to EA as well I 'm now on Install # 2 of my 3 allowed.Nearly $ 50 for 3 swings with the install bat and they rack up one strike on me playing unfair ? Lame .
 Spore was fun for a few hours while it was still new . Since finishing the game , I have n't felt compelled at all to go back through the game.I know that one day down the road I 'd like to replay the game , as I do with all of my games , but this DRM nonsense makes it extremely difficult to do so . I feel like I paid $ 50 for a freaking rental game.Not to mention EA is one of the most foul companies to be associated with gaming in the history of gaming . Stay away .
 I am so glad that I read the reviews before purchasing this game . I , like many of you , have been somewhat patiently awaiting the release of Spore but fortunately never got around to preordering it . I will never buy a game that invades my system and limits the number of installs . Despite being illegal , I can certainly understand the appeal of piracy . Looks more and more attractive each time something like this comes out . Good job EA . You have encouraged what you meant to deter .
 First off I am no pirate . I own over 150 CDS and around 125 DVDS that are not pirated and bought and paid for by me , the consumer . I also own all the old Rainbow Six PC games , Swat 3 & 4 , No One Lives Forever 1 & 2 , Soldier of Fortune 1 & 2 , etc. . So , that statement made that all the 1 star reviewers are pirates is complete bull . But for a company to force you to install a program with out your permission and to limit your activations gladly prompts me to 1 star a product . People move through computer today like no other and 3 activations is not a lot . In our house hold alone we have 3 lab tops and 4 desktops . Now what am I supposed to do now ? Make a call to EA , which is not free , to beg them to let me install my game that I paid for on all of my computers !? From this day forth I am not going to buy any PC game released by EA .
 Dear EA , If this is any indication , you might want to reconsider your DRM strategy , I know I am only one customer , but I thought I should let you know . Ditch the DRM and I buy the game . Keep the DRM , and folks like Stardock will be the only company that gets my money ever again . w00t Demi-God ! - An -LRB- almost -RRB- lost customer
 I bought this game -LRB- galactic version at that -RRB- , played it , and will continue to play it . From a gameplay standpoint , the game is great . Too bad I bought it before I knew about the DRM fiasco . I have a desktop and a laptop , and planned to install the game on both machines . My laptop has vista which I plan to move to XP when I get the time . There goes my 3 activations right there . If I format my computer , or upgrade it , I will be left without a game unless I can convince EA to give me another activation . I really wish I just downloaded the DRM free version of the game from a torrent rather than be put in this situation.Bad form EA . Why do the pirates get the un-crippled version of the game , while I am forced begging for additional activations after shelling out the $ 80 for the game ?
 Firstly after playing the game I can honestly say the Cell and Creature phases were my favorite . Tribe and Civ stages are essentially a dumbed down RTS game with virtually zero strategy , easiest and fastest way to win is just to be an aggressive/militaristic creature . Space stage imo is a huge let down , I played it for about 4 or so hours before having all my allies and all my colonies blown up by some alien far more advanced then me.Also this is hardly an `` evolution '' game , each phase is independent of the previous in the sense that all the parts put in cell have virtually no bearing in creature and all the creature parts are just for aesthetics in tribe , and you are able to change your play style form militaristic to trade or harmonious at any time . Whats worse is you are able to radically redesign your creatures any time during creature phase.Now onto the biggest annoyance in this game , the DRM . I personally feel EA has crossed the line with what is considered an acceptable protection scheme . What they have done is essentially created a rental for the price of the full game , and after 3 activations you have to call up EA and beg them to reactivate the game . I for one am a computer enthusiast and format and upgrade regularly so I 'd burn through the 3 install limit in about three months top and I REFUSE to have to call up any company and have to beg and prove that I rightfully am entitled to an install . As a paying customer I expect to be able to install the game infinite amounts of times on MY computer without any DRM disturbances . Whats worse is that this DRM considers any computer upgrade , BIOS update , and some patches as system change and thus requires an additional activation.And the most ironic thing about this protection is that it has yet to stop a single pirate , and legitimate buyers are the once harmed and pushed to piracy .
 Pirates will always beat the DRM . Just stop with the DRM . Also the game is really simple , and not much fun .
 DRM aside , having actually played Spore , its really not that great of a game . Its very simple and there 's not much depth to it at all , which is surprising , considering that Will Wright and the creator of the well-known Civilization franchise were involved . This game was so over-hyped that people had expectations that were so high that there was no possible way they could be met . Even now , after its release and after people realize that Spore is nothing but a lot of hype , EA and Will Wright continue to hype this game like it is the best thing since sliced bread , which it is not.The game continues the recent `` casual '' game trend of being so simple that it turns hardcore gamers off and even many casual gamers are being turned off by it . Why must casual gaming = simple gaming ? What makes game developers think that in order to reach people who might not play a game like the original Final Fantasy that they have to make the game so easy , simple , and un-inspiring that a five-year old could play it ? Many of the touted features that have been showed from earlier builds of the game were cut in the final release , such as customizing your creature actually changing the way it behaves - now , you could have ten legs on your creature and it would be no faster than a creature with two legs.I imagine that in typical EA fashion , many of the cut features of the game will be added through DLC or expansion packs that will cost as much as the full game . Many of these expansion packs will probably include features that should have been in the original game to begin with , so in order to get a `` complete '' version of the game you 'll eventually have to plop down another $ 100 for three more expansions , all of which add one or two extra features to the game.Then there 's the ever so controversial topic of EA 's DRM . You can only install the game three times before you have to jump through hoops to get another install . This was done in an attempt to stop pirates ... yet all it seems to be doing so far is hurting EA 's publicity and their profits . The pirates cracked the game five days before its release , so their precious install limit did nothing . All it does is treat paying customers like they are criminals and would eventually pirate it anway.The lesson has not been learned from Bioshock and Mass Effect that DRM like this that puts a crutch on the customer does more damage than good , and apparently with the backlash Spore has recieved now , EA has still not learned its lesson . A recent announcement regarding the DRM for the upcoming Command and Conquer Red Alert 3 has mentioned that instead of being limited to three installs , the game will be limited to five installs . Still the same kind of limitation , only an extra two installs . Thanks , but no thanks.This gets one star for being far to over-hyped and in general being a shallow game , and for the DRM that puts a crutch on us , the paying , honest customers . Do yourself a favor and spend the $ 50 on a better game .
 Do n't support these DRM schemes and scams . They do nothing but punish honest customers , while pirates do not have to deal with them at all .
 Since Christmas , I 've had to reinstall Windows three times on the kids ' PC . Once for a CPU/MB burnout and twice for malware , partly because they keep turning the AV off :--LRB- . If this continues , a new copy of Spore would be good till about April -LRB- we 've had a good run this last three months , but I would n't bet much on its continuing . -RRB- I do n't think we 'll be buying this until either EA replace their insane DRM , or the game 's in the deep discount remainder bin .
 Speaking from first hand experience with SecuROM with games such as Empire at War , Empire at War Forces of Corruption , FIFA 2008 , Conflict and Star Wars Legos.The DRM on this is horrible and will install on your PC withought your permission . Even if you uninstall the game the DRM will remain . 99 % of the cases if the game does not work on your PC it is not the games fault but the DRM . In many cases it black lists perfectly legal software from Microsoft and various other companies that you may not even know is running on your PC cause it comes with Windows which which the DRM will then prevent the game from running . Contacting SecuROM or the creator of the game is completely useless as they send you in an infinite loop to shut down every piece of software on your PC . Also SecuROM can not be reached by phone , they are located in Germany and you can only contact them by email.When I finally blew my cap I had the Maryland State Attorney General contact LucasArts for my issues which unfortunately no settlement was really made because they refused to take the DRM out of the software so I in essence have a 50 $ paper weight that ca n't do nothing . Even FIFA 2008 which I purchased on release I could not play and their support was useless . I was forced to actually get a hacked version just to play a game I legally purchased.This game has the same DRM but the new version limits you to 3 installs . This is very very bad stay away !
 Whilst the game is great the DRM kills it entirely for me . I upgrade my PC at least twice a year and that alone means that in 12-18 months I 'll not be able to install this game . And that 's just one of the many legitimate scenarios where the owner of a game my need to reinstall it.Where 's the incentive to buy a copy from EA when a pirated copy allows you full and unlimited access to the game.Thumbs up to Wil Wright for an excellent game - just ditch EA or lean on them to drop their ridiculous DRM fanaticism.One star
 My friend had a copy of the sims and the DRM on it crashed her computer.Now I find out that the Spore game has the exact same DRM , secuROM , on it . I am not in the least bit interested in having my computer crash too .
 The DRM is insane . I can not even install the game to play on separate accounts on the same computer . They need to offer a family pack or something similar . I do n't mind ` renting ' a game if the DRM scheme is reasonable but what is used for SPORE makes it very family unfriendly .
 Three installs ? Installing hidden folders ? come on EA - I know you just want to get as much money out of this as possible but give us control over what we buy . Im are happy to reward good policies -LRB- like no drm -RRB- , and actually trusting the consumer will give you a much better image.The Game itself - Ive played this on a friends computer and id like to say its not all I expected , but still entertaining . The world / game play seems too rigid . maybe the galaxy section is where it gets more interesting ? . .
 Why does n't any gaming company learn from STARDOCK ! You do NOT need these draconian copy protection measures to protect your stupid games/software . You simply need to trust your customers , respect them and do as STARDOCK did!I buy EVERY stardock game , but EA LOST MY SALE on this game . NO WAY not until the DRM is REMOVED and I AM RESPECTED !
 This really was a miserable showing for EA . I got my copy on launch day , -LRB- BIG Mistake -RRB- and I 've not been able to play it since . I can not verify my liscence so it wo n't let me play . Avoid this product at all cost .
 I was looking forward toSporefor a long , long time . I remember downloading the E3 videos and reading all of the previews and being very excited about it.I even kept a clean copy of Windows on my Linux laptop for when this was coming out . But now that I hear it 's jam packed with DRM , I am not going to buy this game . Why am I not going to buy it?Because I like to own what I buy and use it how I wish . I only get three installs ? I reformat my operating systems about every 3 months just so they are clean , streamlined , snappy , and secure . Sometimes , I do it more often if I 've installed something I do n't trust all that much . I can not do this with spore . Owning spore would be a pain because of this sacrifice I would have to make.I also do not like clutter , this includes CDS . I have a personal hard drive that I archive all of my PURCHASED CDs to , and depending on how often I use the CD , I load it up on my laptop . I can not do this with spore . Owning spore would be a pain because of this sacrifice I would have to make.I also like to own my computer and control what goes on . As an investor with many online financial accounts , I am very weary of viruses and security . I can not vouch for this network enabled service that spore 's DRM requires to be on my laptop that may read my business drive to see if it contains anything it does n't like . I would have to trust something that I did not explicitly want on my computer with spore . Owning spore would be a pain because of this sacrifice I would have to make.I am a part of no group or anti DRM collective , I am just angry at what I would have to give up -LRB- for no perceivable reason -RRB- to play this game . I do still have a huge interest in spore 's technology and gameplay . I am writing this because I would have spent the money , but now I am not going to because of the publishers decisions . Someone commented that if `` this was the future of gaming , I will probably be reading a lot of good books '' and likened spore 's as a package with DRM as `` a delicious sandwich wrapped in glass '' and the most poignant comment was that `` spore is a rental . '' But it 's worse than that . Because owning and using spore requires me to change my habits . Habits that make my life easier and that I make me safer on the internet . Owning spore is a sacrifice .
 Avoid installing this on a computer . The software limits you to 3 installations before you have to re-purchase the game , and installing the game installs what is basically spyware/malware , SecuROM , which is known to damage computers , allow hacker access , prevent other games from properly working , disable your CD-ROM from working , and disable your anti-virus software .
 My husband and I have been excitedly anticipating the release of Spore for years , watching early game demos and reading any news about the game that we could get our hands on . We were initially thrilled to learn that Spore would finally be released this September 08 . But after learning about the awful DRM that comes with the game , in particular the 3 install limit , we have decided NOT to purchase Spore . We do n't want to `` rent '' Spore ! We expect any game that we purchase to be a game that we will hopefully be playing for years , maybe even decades . A limit of three installations makes that impossible . And we encourage other gamers to refuse to buy Spore until EA realizes that having such restrictive DRM only affects their potential customers , while doing nothing to combat game piracy .
 I used up all three of the licenses they gave me just trying to get the game to work . I had to call EA tech support to ask for a new license after that and they were not kind about it and asked me all kinds of questions about which computers I installed it on and if they were located in the same household when i had already told them i had tried installing it three times on one computer with no luck getting it working.I finally got it working but now i have no installs left . Go figure .
 I have waited years for this game . I have owned many other EA titles , more than any other company . I had expected to buy the Galactic version.I have nothing against DRM systems in general . The one EA uses , SecuROM , has twice been sued by the federal government for putting what amounts to a trojan/virus/malware on people 's PCs that stays there after the games are removed.The DRM for Spore has already been hacked and cracked . Now the only people who will suffer from the insulting DRM are those of us who only buy legal software.How DARE they sell a product and then tell you how many times you may use it?EA will never get another penny from me until they lose the offensive SecuROM DRM
 A tip of the hat to Will Wright and his team of programmers for this entertaining piece of software.A wag of the finger to EA for ruining it.In addition , the notion of a fee for an `` extended download service '' provided by EA to allow digital owners to download their games two years from now is insulting . Stop trying to squeeze the last dollar out of the consumer . Its bellow you . At least Steam allows you to download Bioshock filled with spyware without charging you.So , I enjoyed my DRM free version of Spore after having paid for the full version . Thank you EA .
 Okay cool cool so you get to make your own creature . whopty do . If ca n't get the stupid game to install it does n't matter anyway . It refuses to start up on windows vista . I have uninstalled and re installed 3 or 4 times . How ridiculous is that.Then I installed on a XP machine i have and sure its cool that I can create my own creature but that 's about it the interface sucks . Its like I 'm playing a bunch of mini games that really do n't amount to much . I could go out and buy much better developed games . yet another example of engineers focusing on cool features rather then simple game play .
 When I first heard about Spore around 07 , I was intensely excited . `` A game about life itself by the creator of Sim City and the immortal Sims franchises ? This could n't possibly go wrong ! '' In fact , I was so excited about the game , which was going to be released right after the end of my summer vacation , I pre-ordered the `` Galactic Edition '' and waited away nearly my entire summer for it . What I expected was an awesome game as shown in the pre-release footage and teasers . What I got only marginally resembled what I was shown.While Will Wright promised a massive game set in an expansive galaxy featuring enough original features to choke a horse , I instead received terrible graphical bugs , an endless supply of bland cookie cutter worlds , clumsy controls , pirate paranoid DRM , and a few of the worst player made creations I 've ever seen , including such gems as `` thing '' , `` Zeerfegegle '' , and `` Giant Penis Monster '' . Worse yet , the game itself was so pathetically dumbed down I never even felt like I was having any sort of challenge . The worst part is the `` Civilization '' level , which very much seems like a rip-off of the turn based strategy games of the same name . Unfortunately , Will Wright forgot to also rip off the `` Strategy '' Part of the games , as you can usually only make a maximum of three different unit types , and the strategies just involve either A. Go around the world and kill everyone else in a pure Zerg Rush B. Die over and over again because you chose the pacifist option , or C , pay the other guys to not kill you and hope for the best.Come to think of it , most of the game is just a bunch of ripped off features from other , better games . The Cell stage is just Flow with uglier graphics , and the Creature stage is just World of Warcraft with fewer moves and somehow even WORSE quests . The only two stages that do n't seem COMPLETELY ripped off are the Space stage and the Tribal stage , the latter just being a bare bones real time strategy . But even then I would n't be entirely surprised if they were both also ham-fistedly ripped off from better games.But despite the problems with the game , of which I could easily go on and on about , I really would n't think it was the worst game ever if not for the fact of how much it inflated my expectations only to bring them crashing down again , especially since I wasted nearly my whole summer waiting for the dang thing . Well , at least I can recommend the game as a lesson in not being drawn in by advertisements , because thanks to Spore I now realize that if something is really bad , the best way to make sure it sells is to promote the hell out of it . See `` Battleship the Movie '' and `` Bee Movie '' for more examples of this . But only if you truly hate yourself .
 EA has been getting worse every release they make . They need to fire all their execs and start over .
 I remember when this game was supposed to be cutting edge game play . Maybe Nintendo DS customers would be more appreciative , but as a CPU gamer you can keep this game . I will definitely hesitate to buy another EA product in the future .
 I really want this game , but am not going to deal with the DRM . Stop treating me like a criminal and I 'll start buying the games again .
 My wife and I have been looking forward to this game coming out for a while as she is a huge Sims fan . We were thinking about buying this game in a couple weeks with our monthly `` fun '' money , but now I am reconsidering . Her computer is due for an OS upgrade and we will probably upgrade the hardware in the next six months . So that 's three uses right there.Thanks for ruining a what looked like a great game , EA .
 I 'm not buying this game until the DRM Lock is gone . I go through computers like nobody 's business , and I 'm not going to call for a game I paid for .
 As others have pointed out , Spore is limited to 3 installs before you have to call EA and beg them to let you install it again.EA feels that this will curb software piracy . The problem is that the game was available on the interwebs , a week before you could buy it in stores , completely cracked and not subject to the 3 install limitation.I know you are thinking to yourself , `` Why would I need more than 3 installs ? '' . Remember this is for the life of the product . If you get a new machine , that 's a new install . Do n't forget the tech support call where they are going to have you reinstall your OS . That 's another new install.SecuROM is a company that makes money on fear and ignorance of big-name game manufacturers . EA did n't learn from their draconian DRM mistakes on the PC version of Mass Effect . Take 2 did n't learn from the backlash and mistakes on Bioshock . They still push forward with stupid DRM and copy protection that hurts the consumer , but does nothing to protect their application . Console users are not subject to these draconian measures because EA buries their head in the sand and figures that copying a console game takes a lot of skill . It does n't . Do yourself a favor and take the $ 50 you were going to spend on this DRM 'd mess and go have a nice dinner somewhere . You will cause yourself less frustration that way .
 This review says it all ... DRM is a show stopper . I doubt this game will work for me after a few years given my habit of new hardware purchases and system snapshots . Like others have said , this game is for rent not sale.The EA Spore DRM is a bit reminiscent of the Sony root kit . It installs software that you definitely do n't want or need . That software can work in superuser space , meaning it can do whatever it wants on your system . And there is no uninstall for it . In other words , by installing Spore , you install a piggy back Big Brother.Please do n't support this product . Great game . Lousy distributor .
 EA 's excessive DRM is a `` showstopper '' for me . Too bad , I had looked forward to this game for awhile now . Consider me as one more customer lost to this foolish policy .
 As many others have noted , the quality of the game takes an unfortunate -LRB- and nearly unprecedented in its foulness -RRB- backseat to the fact that for many the game is unplayable due to DRM restrictions . I own three computers . I would like to play Spore on my laptop , my desktop , and at my vacation place , to take advantage of a game I wish I OWNED , not merely paid to beg permission to play .
 Spore could have been a great game . It could have been exciting , entertaining , and in-depth . However , EA deliberately dumbed-down the game , hoping to appeal to a wider audience . With the creature creator simplified to nothing more than paper dolls with window dressing , there 's really no reason to play Spore . I 'm sorry , but I 'd rather play any number of free point-and-click flash games than the dumbed-down Pac-Man that 's stage 1 . I 'd rather play any one of the thousands of third-person action games than the oversimplified , dumbed-down 3PA game that 's stage 2 . I 'd rather play any one of the hundreds of great RTS games on the market than the oversimplified , dumbed-down RTS that 's stage 3 . I 'd rather play Civ II , III , or IV than the oversimplified , dumbed-down 4X game that 's stage 4 . And I 'd rather play any number of more-mundane-work-than-fun MMORPG games than the repetitive , cookie-cutter-grind-quest Galaxy stage.Spore is a game for people who do n't play games . It 's simply uninteresting , uninspired , and clearly aimed at people who are unaware of , unable to , or unwilling to play the hundreds of deeper , more rewarding games that Spore has so clumsily aped for each of its stages.Oh , and the DRM is pretty lame , but every else has that covered .
 I 've been extremely excited about Spore for the past 2 or 3 years ever since they first announced it . Now it looks like all that hope has been ruined.There is no way I 'm going to pay $ 50 for a game that has such extensive and restrictive DRM . With only 3 activations before you have to call and beg EA to allow you to install your own game that you `` bought '' from them it makes it as bad , if not worse than the whole Vista OEM debacle . People change hardware all the time , and poor Windows users have to reinstall all the time . If you 've ever activated Windows XP one too many times and had to try to explain to someone who does n't even speak English very well why you are reinstalling , you already know the pain.I had once dreamed of playing nothing but this game for 3 or 4 years ... but apparently , not only is it not as good as I had hoped , but I would have had to go thru hell to reinstall it too . We must send a strong message to all media providers , whether it be game studios , record companies or television and movie producers that we refuse to be treated like criminals and put up with this very poor treatment by the use of DRM.Not only this , but because the DRM requires internet connectivity . This is very limitting for anyone who does not have , or is having a lapse of internet connectivity . This also means one day EA will pull the plug on the servers and your game will be completely worthless as we 've already seen with Yahoo 's DRM 'd music prior this year.I 'm also very sadenned to see the reviews telling of how much they over simplified the game . I was already suspicious when I played around with the creature creator demo . I could create a creature that was completely off balance physically , and it would not tip over nor try to correct this thru the supposed physics and procedural animation systems as had been previously advertised . If Will Wright 's original intention was to make a fun way to explain evolution to the masses , it would appear all he has really done is given them an argument For `` intelligent '' design and magic.Oh well , maybe they 'll get it right with the sequel ... if there ever is one .
 If you have n't read the other reviews of this game , read this.DO NOT BUY IT.EA is treating their * paying * customers like pirates . They will only let you install the game three times . Fun side note , if you change video drivers , that counts as an install . Sure hope you do n't ever need to update those drivers!After those three installs you are no longer able to play the game.Do not rent your games from EA . Demand that they remove this .
 I bought this game for real money . Do n't tell me how to use my things .
 The DRM ruins this game for me . I refuse to pay money for this intrusive , draconian `` protection system '' . I was looking forward to this game 's release , but there is no way on earth I would buy it now .
 If you want your customers to treat you with respect , you 'd better learn to treat them with respect.Make games the way they should be made .
 I do n't understand where EA went wrong . It was once the underdog and now is the overlord ... After EA closed the Chicago site for a cheaper India/China location , I will be all too happy to see them go under . Why ? Because the main reason for games is to relieve me of daily stress and not be the cause of it!Too bad I will miss out on a great game , and EA will miss out on some cash ... DRM NOT !!!!
 This is what you get for stupid DRM . I thought Spore was a great IDEA but the implementation is pretty restricted ... do n't you see that if you have a game popular enough to justify DRM then it 's popular enough to survive without DRM ?
 If EA 's reading this , add me to the list that thinks DRM sucks . I did n't buy the game specifically because of SecuROM . I do have it , but I acquired it through ... other means . Not one dollar of my money will go to any game with SecuROM . I will not pay to have my computer infested with malware and limited installs THAT ARE NOT MENTIONED by EA.That said , Spore is something of a disappointment . Not based on what was presented at past trade shows , but on its own merits . The cell stage is simple and somewhat tedious , but thankfully over in about 20 minutes . The creature stage is the most fun , primarily because you 're allowed a good deal of freedom in how you shape your critter . You either fight or charm other nests of creatures that evolved from the cell stage , gain DNA , locate new parts and eventually improve your creature and gain the brain power to become a tribe.The tribal and civilization stages are possibly the weakest . They both play out in RTS style , continuing the theme of dominating through influence or force . Tribal is , bottom line , a very shallow RTS experience , and one that will exasperate old-school fans of games like Starcraft , etc. . The objective is to kill off the other evolved creature tribes , and this really boils down to reaching your spawn limit and sending your tribe en masse against the other tribes.Civilization is both a little better and a little worse . Now your tribe is the only intelligent species on the planet , and you have to gain dominance either by force , converting everyone to your religion , or buying out enemy cities . You can eventually design land , sea and air vehicles , which is fun , but because these things spawn instantly with no build time , there 's not as much strategy in this mode , and even doing things non-violently is fairly simple . Fortunately , once you take over a certain number of cities , you can choose to spend `` money '' on ICBMs , effectively ending the civilization age by nuking everyone else.Now , the space age , while huge and reaching , has its share of problems . As it 's the last stage , it 's open-ended , though the eventual goal is to reach the center of the galaxy . You can travel to dozens , if not hundreds of other planets , make alliances , terraform planets , wipe out entire species , etc. . The problem comes with the fact that your home planet is often attacked by pirates regardless of whether you had a violent or peaceful evolution , and this often forces you to drop what you were doing and rush back to defend it . This interrupts the flow of exploration and hinders the sandbox-type gameplay . It 's still fun , as you get to fly your spaceship around and blast people , but it 's not as good as it could be.That 's the bottom line , really . Spore is n't as good as it could be . Is it bad ? No . But it 's fallen short . Most of the game modes are n't as fun or deep as they could be . I 'd actually recommend not buying it unless you try first , as despite the online availability of new creatures , vehicles and spaceships , the game plays almost exactly the same each time regardless of what you 're up against . The details change , but the game remains the same . Not so good .
 Why would I buy a game where the seller treats me like a criminal ? Why would I buy a game where my use of the game for years to come requires the active cooperation of the seller ? Where are my rights to play the game how I want , when I want , on as many computers as I might have in the years to come?If the answer is I do n't have any rights , then I reserve one right
 The game play is mediocre and quickly gets boring ... but the real burn I think is the rootkit that Sony installs on your machine that limits you to installing the game three times.Save your money , buy something else . Spore is n't worth it .
 I refuse to compromise my system 's security - DRM is Bad.Also , if I knew I was buying a ` limited-use ' license for $ 50 I would n't have bothered in the first place . Just three installs ? What a joke .
 This game had been a must buy until this DRM nightmare was added.Get a clue EA ! DRM like this does nothing to stop piracy . In fact it probably drives people to pirate the game more ! Which is not all that odd seeing as a pirate copy has none of this DRM nonsense.Stop abusing the people who buy the game ! Get it through your thick heads , EA !
 This game has the right concept , but including the agressive DRM only allowing 3 installs . Not right . Is this a rental or a buy ?
 I find it messed up that they 're still using DRM , especially since the paying customer has so many restrictions , while the pirate has full freedom .
 I got pulled in by the hype and bought this the day it was released . While not a bad game I 've found the free creature creator is just about as enjoyable as the rest of the game . Fun for awhile but gets boring after too short of a while for a $ 50 LEASED game.Also the DRM preventing me from ever installing this more then 3 times without calling an EA toll phone number to beg to be allowed to run software I already purchased is ridiculous.I wo n't be fooled by any EA hype again.DNR free or No Sale to me ! .
 This game -LRB- having played it at a friend 's house -RRB- is all kinds of fun . The sad thing is that he can only install the game 3 times , and then it wo n't run anymore . So , if you want to pay $ 50 for a game that only installs three times , be my guest . If , on the other hand , your computer has EVER broken or MIGHT EVER break , or if you plan on replacing your computer eventually , you 'll run through those 3 installs pretty quickly . I 'd save your $ 50 - it 's just not worth it .
 When I purchased a new laptop for my wife a few months ago , I knew she was very interested in this game , so I made sure that I bought one that would run it.After looking into it more , I realized the DRM problem and explained it to her , to make sure she still wanted it . Even to someone who does n't think about things like DRM , the idea of limiting the number of times you can install a CD that you BOUGHT turned her away from the game.Sorry EA , you lost another customer . All we wanted to do was give you some hard earned money and enjoy your game , but we refuse to be treated as criminals in the process.By the way , kudos to Amazon for keeping these up and showing EA what their customers really think , I definitely will keep shopping at Amazon !!!
 Because of the drm that this product is infected with , I will never play it . I wish other companies would follow the example that Blizzard has been setting over the past year and opt to go drm-free . I have the CDs for my Blizzard games sitting safely on a bookshelf -- where they belong .
 I was ready to buy Spore until I read about the issues with the DRM . This sucks . I will not spend my money on a rental . EA can kiss my money goodbye .
 Having been looking forward to this game since its initial announcement I found the DRM implementation to be a complete buzz -LRB- and sales -RRB- - kill for me.Customers are NOT thieves yet this type of DRM treats us like we are.Don ' t agree ? Here is a perfectly common scenario to consider :1 -RRB- User buys Spore and installs + activates -LRB- Activation # 1 -RRB- 2 -RRB- User determines that while current PC is `` able '' to play the game , a better PC would play it better and since upgrading was already on the mind , why not just do it now3 -RRB- User purchases new gaming PC44 -RRB- User Uninstalls Spore from old PC and installs it on New PC -LRB- Activation # 2 -RRB- 5 -RRB- User plays Spore for a few weeks/months/whatever then a Virus strikes and obliterates/corrupts users PC requiring a wipe and reinstall to ensure Virus has been purges .6 -RRB- User reinstalls all applications and games thus triggering the Final Spore Activation # 3Sure you can call and beg for a 4th Activation but you should n't have to . Users are now considered a CRIMINAL and PIRATE if something happens to cause a 4th LEGITIMATE and LEGAL reinstall.Fire , Theft , Another Virus , or Another PC Upgrade all are LEGAL and POSSIBLE reasons to need to reinstall a 4th , 5th or 6th + time.Some Serious Gamers even reinstall their systems routinely every few months to clean out old trial games , Beta Games , and improve system performance.EA is treating every purchaser of Spore like a Pirate without any reason to do so.This game will find no place in my house or on my computer until this draconian DRM is abolished.Congrats EA , you have successfully killed your game its first week of launch .
 First of all , the product pictured here and the one you will receive are completely different . The one I got was of lower quality and did not work . I looked into sending it back , but the cost of shipping would have cost me more than I planned to spend.I am really disappointed and feel that Amazon should take this product down to protect their reputation . This device is a waste of money and time . DO NOT BUY IT .
 It is not even a Nintendo Licenced title . Most important , it does not work on my gameboy advance sp . I baught a junk .
 Bought this for my son 's friends to use when they got together to play his xbox . Since it was n't the main controller , it did not get that much use or abuse , but it still failed after a short time . Would n't buy it again .
 Very disappointed in product . Ordered two xDream Pro Controllers and both failed within one month of purchase with moderate use . In both cases the right trigger meachanism broke . Would not buy again . Fortunately Amazon honored their 30 day return policy . Thank you Amazon . Forget you xDream .
 I had the same problem as the other reviewer . The issue is that the Xbox is n't reconizing it as a HD signal so it wo n't give you the options for the HD . So you can see a picture but it 's crappy loking and not high res . I 'd say pass on this unless you really just need SOMETHING .
 I messed with plugs and drivers for several days before giving up on it , -LRB- trying to use with a PC , would n't ya know it , both Microsoft , should n't this be smoother ? -RRB- however I will attempt to review . The gun was very light compared to other gaming guns , even regular controllers . Buttons were also nice to press , no sticking or toughness , and I could reach each of them with my puny girl hands .
 When I bought this game I thought it might just be a different version of mariokart , but when I played it my kart was tiny . There were no good tracks , and it is very hard to steer . all it is is driving around an circle over and over . If you want a really good driving game get mariokart , this game is a ripoff .
 I was really dissapointed with Madden 2005 . I am still playing the 2003 version which was one of the best . 2004 was good too , but it had major bugs which I wont get into here that made me stop playing it . Anyway 2005 has MANY issues , first off are the annoying radio station you are forced to here when you enter Francise mode . It 's fine if you like it , but there is no off button . I am forced to hear it everytime weather I like it or not . # 2 how tacky are the injuries still ? Everytime a player is injured he gets up wither limping or holding his arm , etc. it doesnt matter how serious the injury is , in every case the guy gets up and walks off . What about realism ? And these new fan created animations . How stupid looking are those ? And again , it 's fine if you like them but you are forced to see them everytime the home team scores or the opponent scores on the road . A row of 4 stupid looking fans , with the same shirts and props , and rediclous hats . It annoys me to death and you cant turn it off . Also when an apponent team scores a touchdown , the player falls straight back on his back -LRB- and this is repeated again and again -RRB- . How unrealistic again , or he throws the ball down . There are limited realistic reactions when a player scores . These same two are repeated over and over . And when your quarterback scrambles in the rush , no longer can he scrable or run out of pressure . He is sacked everytime . Also Maddens commentaries in regard to turnovers , they say again and again when you commit a turnover what a bad way to start your game with a turnover , even if it 's the 3rd or 4th quarter . And what the other reviewer said about maddens same generic comments , I go along with completley . If Madden isnt going to take the time to match his partner with fresh comments , why not just take ALL the madden comments from every Madden game and roll them all into one . Then you would have a much greater variety then saying the same ones over and over . i thought how embarrased would Madden feel if they ever played a joke on him and used his computer commentary in a real NFL game and fans heard the same comments again and again and again . That gives you the idea of how far off Madden is from realism . Not just mentioning the commentary this year , but all the other things put together . For the good points , the gameplay is still excellent . Wish i could play it without all the other bugs . The defensive play is awesome , with the bigger hits , etc. . But they did a very poor job of putting together a whole Sim with true realism . When you play a game like this , your supposed to be able to use your imagination and get lost for a while -LRB- and seem like it 's all the real thing -RRB- . For me with 2005 , thats impossible . Better luck next year ?
 The PC version of Madden 2005 has eliminated the option of using created teams in franchise mode . If you enjoyed this feature in past versions of Madden PC , you 're out of luck this time . Nice upgrade , eh ?
 What a HUGE disappointment this game has turned out to be , mainly for the absolutely INSANE decision to no longer allow players to play a custom team in franchise mode . Absolutely pathetic.What 's worse is that there was absolutely no mention of this feature being dropped anywhere . I spent HOURS creating a homemade team , coming up with logos , etc. , looking forward to playing it through many franchise years . Suddenly , I ca n't figure out how to import it into the game . After tons of searching through EA 's inept site , I find out ... surprise ... they CUT that feature this year !!! THis was by far my favorite feature . You also can no longer hurdle , a move that truly helped the running game . I have n't even bothered to play in franchise mode at this point , as I 'm so peeved that I ca n't play my own team . The new `` Hit stick '' thing is good , and there are some nice additions to defensive adjustments if you have the right controller.But the EA site , their total silence on this matter of lack of custom team in Franchise mode and the way they obviously view the PC audience as an afterthought make me ready for something else , and I do n't know if I 'll ever give EA my money again . They seem to have zero consideration for the people who 've been loyal to them and supported them in the past . As usual , it 's all about the money , nothing more.This version of Madden , overall , is a step backwards .
 EA sports where IS the game ? This was a question many die-hard Madden fans were asking from August to mid September when the game was finally released for PC.EA earned no new fans by bombarding every available form of media advertising `` Madden 2005 in store now '' when shipping problems with the PC version pushed the release date back twice . Ok , delays happen but what really annoyed fans was that there was no information saying why or how this happened from EA . According to the EA site throughout the delay Madden 2005 was `` in store now '' , just ignore the problem and no one will notice right guys?Nonetheless , the game is here now so lets give EA a rap on the knuckles for pretending they didnt have a problem and just review this damn game.Maybe I was expecting too much , but this a lot more like a Madden 2004 expansion pack then an exciting new game . EA have basically fixed their mistakes and blatant oversites from 2004 and said `` hey I guess people will fork out for the same game all over again '' . Whats new in 2005 ? Well we have one new phrase to add to Madden 's annoying commentary `` stuffed like a turkey , less then two yards isnt very good '' the rest was pasted over from your 2004 disk . They replaced the tackle button with a hit stick -LRB- so now I push the stick instead of the tackle button ? Now THAT is real innovation -RRB- . Its really not much to write home about.The `` exciting new features '' amount to a radio show where fans call up and guess who was picked first overall in the 1986 draft , a pre-recorded genereic speech from a coach and a statement that the player of the week is `` X '' who threw for 355 yards and 2 TDS . The `` storyline central '' is of more uselessness , it might sound cool to read what the local paper says about your big win but the programmers must have spent a total of 5 minutes coming up with the generic `` we won and made them look second rate '' headlines that never change or tell you somethinhg you didnt know . You get emails that are supposed to be important , like the owner asking `` what is our record now '' ??? and the craziest of all is the `` position battles '' where you get absolutely no say in who is battling or who wins . Even worse you pick up the paper and you -LRB- someone ! -RRB- has announced the rookie you played -LRB- and played well -RRB- in preseason to rest Michael Vick won the `` position battle '' and is the new starter for the team ! In turn , Vick 's morale goes down because he has recieved a mythical benching which makes him harder to re-sign . ARGH!On the bright side , NFL defences now perform with a modicum of intelligence and no longer watch Randy Moss glide past in cover 2 as we saw with the 2004 version . If you have never played 2004 you will probably think this is a great game , on the other hand if you played your 2004 franchise through the year 2019 and were looking for something genuinely new you will be discouraged to find you have a prettier version of 2004 with a stick to press instead of a button .
 I was eagerly awaiting this version . It 's always a good game , but somewhat arcady . Now the release date is pushed back into September and EA is completely silent on the issue . A big negative for me since it 's already football season -LRB- even though it 's only preseason -RRB- . If the consoles can have it why ca n't the PC ?
 Wow . . EA has done it again ! I first went to the store on August 12 , all excited to get Madden 2005 and play it that night . But then they told me it comes out September 9 , which was annoying enough . Now I look it up again on amazon , and it now says the 14th !? Will this game ever come out ? This should be filed with the FCC as deceptive advertising , since all the ads show the PC/CDROM logo , and say August 12th .
 this game is okay , but I mean instead of playing it at my friends house , I mean ca n`t I play it at mine , anyway I dont think its even close to being as good as madden 2004 . Dont get this game !
 Apparently this is the age of pooing all over loyal pc game fans . From the years its taken to develop rome total war and now to the delays with the most popular sports game of all time . This is the last time i order a game almost 2 months in advance , im sick of the entanglement between developers and marketing . Games should be released on time , anything short of piracy should be thought of before hand so they dont alienate us further . Might there be a day in the albeit distant future that we as paying customers might TAKE THE POWER BACK . One more delay after the 14 and im canceling my order .
 So , how come in Madden 2004 you can create a team and insert it into a season , but in Madden 2005 , you can not ? That was the one thing I liked about Madden 2004 . They are suppose to progress with these games , not go backwards . Maybe the later updates will have a fix . I suggest buying Madden 2004 and bypassing this loser .
 Again just like in past years , Madden does not support force feedback or rumblepads . Now of all the games EA Sports makes that have these effects , would n't you think football would be on of them?Other than that , a great game but very similar to last year .
 This game is a step back from 2004 the AI is stupid in alot of cases . The QB does n't have a quick release after a bootleg . your QB stops cold if he 's going to be sacked -LRB- before your tackled -RRB- . The game crashed to my desktop a number of times . The animation is choppy . The only part that 's go is being able to control your Defense which works just part of the time . Your corners get beat deep in and are stupid half the time . The game still decides who is going to win and allow oppnents mircale plays that just seem to get past your coverage designed against the play . OVER ALL IT SUCKS !!
 I got persuaded into buying this game by the irresistable monkey characters , but soon found myself playing one of the most frustrating games of 2002 . I personally own 14 game systems , and easily over 1,000 games , and this game ca n't hang with any of them . Yeah , it 's fun for about an hour , but lets face it
 I was expecting this game to be easy but it wasnt ' i think sonic team at least shouldve added a handicapp mode on story mode where it gets easy but instead they didnt ' the levels are just to hard and annyoying and walkthroughs make it sound like the game is easy when its not
 I got totally addicted to Super Monkey Ball -LRB- SMB -RRB- and I loved it.I played the single player story mode game , and never really gotinto the party games.The one thing I did n't really like about SMB was those 60 secondchallenge levels . Half of the time they 're way too easy , some ofthe time they 're ok , and every once in a while they 're so annoyinglyhard that you swear if you hear that guy say `` FALL OUT ! '' one moretime you 're going to smash your gamecube.You can imagine how I felt when I realized that SMB-2 is nothing butstage after stage ... after stage of those stupid levels!No more rolling around , exploring at your own free will , and figuringout which little puzzle to solve next.This game is fed to you in + / -60 second chunks that will annoy you!Oh yeah , and every so often , you get to watch episodes in this disjointedand useless story.In conclusion , I never play the party games , but I hear SMB-2 is worth itif you like those . If you like the single player story mode , do n't bother !!
 There were many good reviews for this game so i assumed it would be great , but to be honest it was n't . 2 player levels were dull and redundant , and the 1 player mode was flat out horrible . The level design was shoddy and boring and it felt like playing the same level over and over . If i were you , i would ignore the good reviews and get something else .
 My sister got me this game for Christas , I usually catch onto games pretty quick , and this was no execption . But you keep doing the same thing over and over again , it just was n't fun .
 After loving monkey ball one me and my girlfriend decided to pick up monkey ball 2 , hoping for the same addicting gameplay on such party games as monkey target and monkey bowling , but with a few more stages and such . What we got was a game that somehow totally ruined the franchise . Monkey target all of a sudden requires no skill , they basically throw points at you , and 2 players going at once ? Sounds good but it just makes the huge stages harder to see . Monkey bowlings still god though right ? No ! All of the monkeys now bowl drastically differently , meaning that if you liked gongon in monkey ball one , you now will have to pick a totally different character to bowl like you want to . Oh and the one player story mode ... . let me just barf now . Amazingly kiddy ish , it might as well have been designed by 2 years olds who like bright colors and the word poo . Pick up monkey ball one and leave this sad try at a sequal in the bargain bin .
 This is the worst video game I have ever been conned into purchasing . -LRB- its reduced price and players choice award foisted me into picking it up -RRB- Caution
 i thought this game would be good but really its repetative unoriginal the graphics are terriable laggy and ugly the mini games are terriable
 The only thing this game has going for it was how cute the monkies are . Other than that it 's STUPID !!
 First of all , I got the impression that this game was the bomb , but when I finally rented it -LRB- thankfully -RRB- and not bought it , I realized that perhaps the reviews were really trying to say that this game IS a bomb . First of all , do not be deceived by the back of the box ... it shows that you can play soccer and tennis and whatnot , but when you finally break open the celophane , carefully take the CD out , place it in your Gamecube , and turn it on , you come to find out that you have to aquire enough points to unlock all the better levels and games ! What a rip-off !!! I love games with challenges , but this was a slap in the face to the buyer ! Deceiving everyone that you can start right off and play the games you want to play . The game is cute and somewhat addictive , but I am glad that I will never buy it . I am practically irked that I paid $ 5.99 for the rental ! I am sorry , but this game leads you off into deep waters and leaves you there to fend for yourself . I even browsed Action Replay for unlock codes , just so I can play the soccer and tennis games to see if I would at least purchase it ... but alas , there were none . As a matter of fact , the codes for Super Monkey Ball 2 did n't even work ! Stay clear away from this deceiving game . I am beginning to have second thoughts about my purchasing the Gamecube as well .
 I think the Monkeys at Sega just wanted to make a few extra bannanas when they released Super Monkey Ball 2 . It 's basically just an update of the original game , with a few new games and a new single player format . It 's really not that great , although with all the hype surrounding it , you probably think it is . By the way , I 'm not one of those guys that just hates everything Sega . I used to own a Genesis , and I love most of their sports games . But this game and it 's predecessor are just ridiculous . When you actually consider this games content , you 'll realize how little fun rolling around in a sphere as a primate can be . This is just a warning
 If your a classic nickelodeon fan you may think this is a big piece of trash . Spongebob squarepants has just gotten weird & worst . I remember the time he kept saying loser . Thats a bad word .
 All you do in this game is run errands for people ! Who likes to run errands ? NO one ! Good cartoon , BAAAAAD game .
 This game is too short and simple . I bought this game with my allowance money for $ . . , and it definetly is n't worth it.I will definitely be reading reviews on Amazon.com before purchasing any games in the future.The graphics are ok and it is fun but I would definitely not recommend this game to any SpongeBob fans . I enjoyed seeing characters from the TV show but when the game ended I was extremely disappointed . ALso the short video clips were funny -LRB- especially the scences with Patrick in them -RRB- . In conclusion this SpongeBob game was a real let down.-A disappointed 10 year old
 this is a very short game . its also very confusing . example
 This game is too short and simple . If I could I would n't give it any stars . I bought this game with my allowance money for $ ... , and it definetly is n't worth it . I will definitely be reading reviews on Amazon.com before purchasing any games in the future.The graphics are ok and it is fun but I would definitely not recommend this game to any SpongeBob fans . I enjoyed seeing characters from the TV show but when the game ended I was extremely disappointed . Also the short video clips were funny -LRB- especially the scences with Patrick in them -RRB- . In conclusion this SpongeBob game was a real let down.-A disappointed 10 year old
 We bought this for our 7 year old daughter , and she did become interested but she finished the game in 25 minutes . We could n't believe it when she said she was finished and it had been that short of a time period . There was nothing else to do on the game after she conquered it . I really feel it was a waste of money . I thought it would keep her occupied for awhile , it only had one quest which was very short ... not recommended for the price .
 My children liked the characters and game , but the graphics were just very poor in the Nintendo Ds . Do not highly recommend .
 I ordered this game and it never played in the DS for some reason ... very upset . . the DS plays all other games but not this one
 When I was growing up I was a huge Mortal Kombat junkie . Mortal kombat 2 really broke so many barriers as far as one-on-one fighting games go , and I remember spending countless hours learning fatalities and mastering my skills with all of the characters . I 'd be at the arcade too plugging quarters away to check out the latest mortal kombat installments and could n't wait for them to be released to a gaming system.So after buying a DS I was pretty stoked to see this game and figured I knew what I was buying with all the experience I had with mortal kombat games . I must have spent about 45 minutes playing this game and havent touched it since . It 's just so frustrating to go out of your way and spend 30 dollars on a brand-name that you trust only to be let down by some foolish programmers choices . Fatalities have always intrigued me and I love performing them , and when I was younger I remember performing all of them with general ease , but with this ? FORGET ABOUT IT ... You have about a millisecond to perform a fatality -LRB- which is listed on the screen which should be very convenient -RRB- but the chances of actually executing them are darn near impossible . It 's just so aggravating when you SWEAR you 're hitting the right combination of buttons and nothing happens ... Just such a huge letdown that I ca n't pick this game up , thrash on some FAIR FIGHTING computer enemies -LRB- not one 's that do n't even let you fight normally and use the special moves the game itself created , because the enemies are in this robot WIN mode -RRB- , rip some heads off and be done with it ... Except I 'm left with a game I want to throw against the wall because the programmers were too busy eating cheetos than actually making a user friendly game.I have n't played this as a 2-player game but I imagine it 's WAY fun that way ... But if you 're a 1-player gamer like me please please please do n't waste your money like I did.And the puzzle game ? Pfff ... What a bleak attempt to make a fun addition ... not only is the puzzle game boring , they topped it off with automatic fatalities that are worthlessly recycled guts and gore that gets old very very fast - ugh ... I hate getting ripped off !!! Just the chance you take sometimes ...
 I 've never liked Sonic very much . However , when got this game from my wife I decided to give a try . Well , for me it is still not so fun as playing Mario or CTR -LRB- Crash Team Race -RRB- . So , I do n't recommend it .
 Older guy rating a kids game so consider that with my review . But , I did n't get this game at all . So , this one 's for kids only .
 I have two copies of this game . One from a reputable video gaming store and the last one from amazon last week . Neither keycodes work for either game . I had no trouble with Orion Pirates but have not been able to access this game because of a keycode error . The gaming company will not reply to my email technical support questions and have found no help on chat lines . I am obviously not alon , hence the other reviews . If anyone has a keycode that works PLEASE pass on to us less fortunate souls . Yes , I have tried loading on three different computers with no results . Thanks Gary and Leanna
 this was a waste of money getting this game so far i have had to get this game replaced twice because the cd keys does not work do not buy this game you are throwing away your money
 Star Trek Empires At War did not work , they have sent me twoand neither one worked because authintication protocal numberdid not work ... . so dont waste your time .
 I loved SFC I. Empires at war was a game I really wanted to like . Really . It looks to be about the game game , with a better dynaverse and improved this and that . However , I could barely get the game to work . I downloaded the patch , searched and posted a decent smattering of questions online at a bunch of forums , including Tandrens . When I finally got everything working -LRB- Took over a week , btw . -RRB- I finally got into the game itself . Hooray , right ? Wrong . On my first mission , I had to stop a pirate frigate . I kept shooting at the pirate 's ship , lauched every missile I had , send all my shuttles against him . No luck . I spent about a half-hour trying to blow the damn thing up . I could barely make a dent in his shields . WTH ! This was the first mission . With a working knowledge of SFC I , I should have had a decently easy time of doing it . But after I gave up , I tried a new campaign , with the same results . I 've been told the patch should take care of this , but for some reason it does n't . At least not for me . I also , just from looking at it for the ten minutes I 've spent not wasting my time trying to hurt the godlike pirates , think the dynaverse looks pretty bland . You ca n't tell what system are where , there 's no info on them , nada . Anyway , this game sits on my shelf , mocking me . I know I could like it , if it would work right , but it wo n't . Hopefully SFC III will be less of a hassle , and I can get back to enjoying Taldren 's Star Trek games . Of course , now they work for Activision , publishers of such horrid Star Trek games as Hidden Evil and Armada . There is no justice . Hopefully someone will grace us with Star Trek Titles set in the TOS era in the future . Or at least I hope so . So to sum up
 Every year around Thanksgiving , I always get several new games for PS2 . I 've had faith in my magazine I subscribe to , and have managed so well in the past at getting awesome games that my bros seem to depend on me to make a good decision . This year , I went out on the limb to buy Hitman 2 , which I thought would surely make a great game as every review I 've seen has been almost perfect . For the first year in my ` fantabulous game ' streak , I got a terrible game.When you start out in Hitman , you get a basic -LRB- if not overly simple -RRB- tutorial on how to play the game . It 's enough to get you hyped up to play the game , but that 's about as fun as the game gets.Although the game does have a unique story line , an interesting concept , and a nice list of weapons , it fails to deliver a quick paced , get in - get out feel that you 'd imagine a hitman would have . The game depends far too much on the player 's patience.For example , once you start in on your first mission , you feel like you can take on the world - like the perfect hitman . So , you listen to what the game all but tells you , and kill and assume the role of a helpless postman . Fair enough . But as soon as you walk to the gate and get searched by the guards , you get gunned down after they discover your sidearms . Okay ... so this time you try again by leaving your weapons outside . Again , you 're gunned down for letting a guard see you try to enter a room beyond the front door . Am I the only one that finds that ridiculous ? After replaying the mission to death , I decided to run in guns blazing and managed to beat the first mission.Beyond just requiring your patience , the game seems to ask the impossible at times . For another example , some missions require you to find your sniper rifle and then head to a designated sniping point to make a shot . Sounds easy enough , but just getting to the location is a feat in itself . If guards see you with the rifle , they start blazing . If you try to assume the role of a guard and then try to carry a sniper rifle , they still start blazing upon seeing you . Why does it have to be this hard?Even just walking from place to place is annoying . If you run , guards will get suspicious and , you guessed it , shoot you . But if you try to walk to where you need to be , it could take hours to play one mission . The ` sneak mode ' that you can enter by pressing L1 may help you to take out one guard , but you move so slow that either he 'll eventually turn around and see you , or his friends will come to his aid . All this is on the EASIEST setting.Wow . I have to say I 've never played a game quite this bad . The only thing this game is good for is helping you realize that life is short and you need to get off your butt and get outside .
 I liked the original Hitman , but this game really disappoints . The majority of missions can only be beat be doing something , dying , then doing something different , etc. . Since there are a limited number of saves this requires that you do the same thing over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over , and over ... That 's not a video game . It 's a job . Lame .
 I bought this because of the many positive reviews I read here . However , I 've found the game to be utterly frustrating and very little fun.My complaint regards the gameplay/controls . Your left stick controls where the character walks/runs , and the right stick controls where he looks -LRB- the camera -RRB- . That in itself is n't so bothersome ... lots of other games do that too . But in Hitman2 , the camera wo n't automatically swing around to follow him . So if you start walking at a 45 degree angle to the right , the camera may very well be looking at a 90 degree angle to the left . And it will stay there until you manually rotate it . This , for me at least , led to frustration and more than a little nausea . Do n't get me wrong ... I want to be able to look around 360 degrees . But when I start moving in a certain direction , the camera should automatically swing around behind me and look over my shoulder . I do n't want to have to control my direction and my camera simultaneously every single moment of the game.I found this disjointed view issue so annoying that I gave up on the game entirely after the first mission .
 Hitman seemed like it was going to be lots of fun until It took me 6 hours out of one day just to try to attempt to beat the first mission . I got it this morning and will be trading it in tomorrow . Just for the record I still have not assassinated the Don in the first mission . This game will frustrate you to the point of migraine and that 's not something I 'd like to endure in my leisure time . I thought video games were supposed to be fun with a bit of a challenge , not this one though , this is all challenge no fun . Dont But it unless you want a headache .
 I was quite exited while watching the opening cut screens . I was rather disappointed though when I went to the Control Options to see there was absolutely no configuration for my Microsoft Sidewinder Game Pad . How could they possible expect for one to play a game of this caliper using the keyboard only . You 'd have to be part human , part `` octopus '' in order to comfortably move , run , shoot , use items , etc. using the MANY , MANY programmable keys on the keyboard . The Graphics were stunning , but I recommend you play both Hitman games on the game console platform like PlayStation , as opposed to trying to enjoy it on a PC . Maybe the developers at Eidos Interactive will add game pad support to the Hitman 3 . Stay Tuned ! -- A Disgruntled Gamer
 I am a fan of such titles like Grand Theft Auto
 Being a spy is one thing , but being a hitman is another . A hitman is not a good idea for a Video Game hero . The game looks like ... as well . You kill someone and you have to hide their body so no one sees it . What about that huge blood mess you made on the ground . Oh well if anyone sees it they 'll just think someone spilled their fruit punch all over the ground and forgot to wipe it up . What a stupid game . Give me a break .
 ... Cos that 's the only age group this abomination would appeal to . I 've just recently bought an xbox , the first console I 've owned since I bought a playstation1 way back in 95 . Am I impressed , not yet . The games do n't look that much better to me than my old playstation games used to . And unlike the old playstation controller their controller is just bloody impossible to use . What are Microsoft thinking ? I have had this controller problem now with every xbox game I 've played , although Hitman is the worst . I 'm going to have to go back to PC games . They 're far more slick , and at least you can easily control them with a keyboard and a mouse . Anyway , that 's enough about the terrible xbox controller . This game is bad on so many levels . Firstly the beginning is just pathetic . You 're a hitman , currently on sabbatical . Even though you 're supposed to be a cold-blooded murderer your best pal is a sicilian priest , and you live in his empty garden shed . Any of this sounding ludicrous to you ? You go to confession and admit your a murderer , but he says , in his stereotypical italian accent `` no , no , my son , you are a gooda boya , I 've seena you attending the gardena '' or some embarrassing garbage like that . Then we actually get to hear the bald-bonced killer saying his prayers , and whoever wrote the script has obviously never said a real prayer or been inside a real church in his life . Anyway , the priest gets kidnapped by the local don and you go on the warpath in revenge . The way the character moves is horrible , not natural , he slides all over the place . Because of the controller you can never follow him properly and forget about being able to aim your weapons . And finally I really want to slap him on that big bald slaphead . All in all an abortion of a game . ...
 IF YOU WERE BORN WITH 36 FINGERS YOU 'LL LOVE THIS GAME . THE KEYBOARD CONTROLS DO N'T WORK AND THE FRUSTRATION LEVEL FOR THIS GAME IS OFF THE HOOK . HITMAN CONTRACTS ? MAYBE AT THE 99 CENT STORE !
 I got this game as a gift I gave it back to my friend I did not like this game at all . please rent before you buy .
 I hated this game . The movements were awkward , lots of glitches , and the enemies were completly stupid -LRB- way too easy to kill -RRB- . Waste of time .
 This game teases you with potential , but in the end , it 's the blind date that never shows up . All it allows for is you as the Hitman walking around , choking or shooting bodyguards , stealing their clothes , and then walking past security , trying to walk slow not to alert them . The only way to win this game is by trial and error since all the environments are wide open and there is no logical path . Normally , this would be a good thing , but then again , in a shooter game I 'm usually rewarded when I kill the bad guys . In this game , the goal is not to use your weapon at all , just be sneaky all the time . This gets very old after a couple of missions . When it comes to shooter games , I like a nice mix of great action , quality cut scenes , awesome graphics , good music , and a sense of building to a great , killer shootem ' up ending . With Hitman2 , you get great graphics , ok music , great guns -LRB- that the game DOES N'T want you to use -RRB- , an awkward storyline , and a very easy , ... ending that leaves you wanting more . Rent the game , do n't buy it , play the first two levels and you will have experienced all the game has to offer you . And just so you do n't think I 'm kidding , the final mission takes place exactly where the first mission starts off . What a joke !
 The Sikh community is appalled by images and text inthe sniper-themed videogame `` Hitman 2 '' portraying Sikhs being killed within their most prominent temple , the Harimander Sahib , also known as the Golden Temple . Eidos 's choice to target a specific religious group in Hitman 2 is not only socially irresponsible , but also potentially dangerous to Sikhs worldwide , as their turbans have made them the focus of backlash attacks in the post-September 11th environment . By focusing on a religious minority and setting the violence in their sacred shrine , Hitman 2 mindlessly encourages racial and religious prejudice . I can not allow videogame developers to use sacred religious settings to promote killings and intolerance . This game is an embarrassment to the entertainment industry -- DO NOT BUY .
 I was really excited about renting this game . The graphics are nice , and the idea is great ! But the weapon controls are about the worst possible ever . Aim with right stick and fire with R1 ? That was about the worst I have ever experienced and I could n't shoot myself in the foot by that method . This game ... Obviously the positive reviews were written by the developers .
 this game is not fun at all . why is it the trend nowadays for games to be boring and extremely difficult ???? the controlling sucks . how are you supposed to move forward with one joystick , turn with the other , and shoot with another button all at the same time ?? this game is reatrded and a waste of money .
 Will try to avoid repeating what 's already been said , but `` Hitman 2 '' mostly hits the right marks , but there are numerous times when it feels more like a chore or task than a video game when slogging through the levels -- it lacks the tension that exists in such stealth games as Tenchu or Metal Gear Solid . An overarching reason for the lack of tension -LRB- aside from the levels themselves -RRB- is the main story line
 Ok , Sega GT 2002 . When I started playing this game it looked good . Good graphics , decent sound , and thats about it . Getting deeper into this game in career mode , I bought a Vette and maxed it out . After going through with a breeze , I begin racing at a new license level . After frustrating experiences with the license test , I finally beat it -LRB- with a not smiling controller . -RRB- So I enter a race and race . I take off with my 733hp going . But oh no , a little less that 200hp Honda Civic that sounds like bees in a can comes roaring past me . Speechless , I try again with the 6 speed takeoff trick . Killing it off the line , but after the 3rd turn , you can hear the bees in a can coming , along with other ... ECONOMY CARS . This game is very unrealistic , there are not enough tuning options for gearheads like me , and good lord , unless you make saves like me of every car you get ready to sell , the car selection in quick start is very limited . I would n't have this game if it did n't come free , and the game is little more worth than the price I paid for this game . If your a rice , and you think Honda/Celica/Mitsubishi is fast , buy this game . But for true car lovers/muscle car lovers/or someone who justs wants to race , avoid this . Hope this helps : -RRB-
 GT 2k2 is some what of a half baked game THE GRAPICS ARE FREGIN GOOD DONT GET ME WRONG but the gameplay is CCCCRRRRAAAAPPPPExample : I Was driving a fully tuned ,1228 HORSEPOWER ,1000 KILOGRAM , FORD GT 90 , 0 to 60 time
 The game has great potential but it just falls short . Great physics , well-detail classic cars and decent graphics were n't enough to save this release . My main problems are , firstly , that the tracks seemed to be created at random ... meaning that they just did n't make any sense ; placing corners here and there just for the sake of having turns . Whoever created this title probably has n't ever seen an actual track . Even as something as simple as a racing oval was screwed up by having the pitting area on the backside instead of the front straightaway -LRB- a moot point , however , as there is no pitting in this game . On top of that , there are only eight tracks or so and all of them quite short . Second , the game can be finished within a day or so . There is about twenty events , but you seem to be doing the same ones over and over again to make enough money to buy different cars . All of them which need to be upgraded to even have a chance at winning.As I said , not terrible . But when one becomes used to benchmark titles such as Gran Turismo 3 , Project Gotham Racing and Rallisport Challenge it 's hard to accept a seemingly casual effort like this one .
 Cars are my passion . In fact , I have my X-Box installed in my car . I 've been waiting for a supreme racing game for the X-Box since it came out . Everything else was all pretty typical , graphics aside . So when I heard the hype about Sega GT 2002 rivaling GT3 for the PS2 , I actually believed it since nothing else comes close . Upon first play I was IMMEDIATELY turned off . After the opening video , which is actually cool , the menus and music are hidious , like it was designed 15 years ago . My major gripe is this
 I wo n't sugar-coat your expectations here ; this game is bad . It 's almost worse than bad , and it 's no wonder Sega had to resort to giving copies of it away with the Xbox in the winter of ' 02 . It just would n't move on its own , the entire package is so shoddy and second rate . Your expectations for a pack-in game are already a little bit lower than they would have been if you 'd spent an extra fifty dollars on it , but even with those downgraded standards I ca n't fathom how word about this game 's ugliness did n't quite reach me before that fateful day when I finally decided to give it a shot . It 's so bad , I 'm surprised I did n't notice a foul odor coming from the clam shell.Where the average racer does a good job of giving you the sensation of control , the feel of horsepower underneath your thumb and a fair idea of how most cars respond to such insane acceleration , Sega GT accomplishes none of these . Its use of vibration , an oft-overlooked key component of the experience , is slim at best and often amounts to nothing more than a quiet stir , should you happen to drive over a huge patch of rocks . Acceleration feels more like a ride on the ferris wheel than a moment behind the wheel of a earthbound rocket ship , as your car will join four or five others in ever-so-gently building their way up from a standstill to a moderate speed . It 's like jumping into the body of a sixty year old woman , mildly confused behind the wheel of her Lincoln Continental , and racing against similarly-maligned spirits in one of the most anticlimactic experiences I 've ever put myself through . Turning is a slow , arduous process and more closely resembles a series of soft , graceful slides on a toboggan than precision cornering . I 'd assume that the idea there was to emphasize a rally-style drift racing not unlike that of Rallysport Challenge , since that seems to be an ongoing obsession of Sega 's , but it really does n't work right in this instance and the quality suffers because of it.One unique , surprisingly cool add-on to most of GT 2k2 's races is the inclusion of a post-race replay editor and photo system . The photo editor , in particular , is something that sounds completely stupid at first but becomes extremely cool in action . After an important race on one of the career mode 's circuits , the game will automatically jump right into a replay of your efforts , but rather than sitting back as a mere spectator , you 're given the ability to change angles , zoom and capture up to six different in-action shots . After you 've used up all of your film , you 're taken to a screen to review the shots and select your favorite of the bunch , which is then displayed on the wall of your in-game garage , right above the trophy case . It 's a fresh way of giving the player a sense of personal accomplishment , visually identifying your achievements with the actual act of achieving them , and is one of the few aspects of the game that 's an unbridled success.Sega GT 2002 's variety of differing modes for game play are conspicuously similar to those of Sony 's Gran Turismo series ; you 've got a straight `` day in the life of '' career simulation , the standard `` try to beat my best time '' so-called arcade setup , a head-to-head competitive racer with support for a maximum of two players , and a mildly interesting storyline option dubbed `` chronicle mode . `` The career mode , officially titled `` Sega GT Mode , '' certainly aspires to be a Gran Turismo killer , but opts for a more straightforward , linear path in contrast to Turismo 's famous free-form career progression . Sure , you start in the same place
 It starts off great and has potential , but the fact that their are only two seasons of races and not much challenge at the higher levels really let me down.If you are looking for the Xbox GT keep looking .
 When Need for Speed Hot Persuit 2 failed to deliver , I turned toward the X-Box Sega GT 2002 . After 2 straight hours of playing this game in the store I was hooked.However , when I bought the X-Box and came home with the game , I found that after many more hours of play , the game can become very , very frustrating . Once inside career mode you can buy a cheap car and upgrade it for a slight performance difference . Once you 've won a few races you can buy other cars or maybe you want to play in the Official Races.The Official Races were a complete mistery to me and after getting my B Licence , I wish I would have never played them . All the Licence 's seem to do is make the difficulty go up as well as the cash for winning a race . However , the rate at which difficulty goes up is not matched by the money . By the time you hit B Licence , you 'll find the CPU Car 's shooting way ahead of you from the beginning of the race and cornering at speeds you 'd never be able to , even though they may have the same car as you with the same spec 's . This is a very cheap way of making the game harder . The worst part about it is once you gain licences , your screwed and ca n't go back to old licences -LRB- difficulties -RRB- unless you start over.One thing that you learn early in this game is that research does n't help much . After researching the best car to buy out of all the cars available for $ 27,000-30 ,000 price range , I found that the Camero was the best buy . Sure enough it ran well in the races , about as well as any of the other cars.Oh and did you know , Damage is inexistant ! No damage modeling in this game what so ever , atleast none that I can see . The only form of `` damage '' is a meter in the top right of the screen that says how much health the car has left before you hit `` max damage '' . What max damage means , I have yet to find out , since you can race with max damage on just as well as you can with perfect health . Also physics are pretty nill when it comes to bumping around with other cars . Bumping against another car will make your health go down just as fast as if you plow straight into a wall . Yet the car still appears to be untouched.In short I was ready to chuck my new X-Box out the window the day after I bought it because of this game.However , if you are able to look past these problems , you will find beautiful graphics and a fair sound track . The game interface is only mediocre.Yet I pledge my word that on the -LSB- money -RSB- I spent on this system , I will attempt to see only the good side of this game , in which case this game is a small piece of heaven , very very small.SOW _ Scarface
 it doesnt ketch up with project gotham which is 90 miles an hour better than this one . the cars you start off with are not enjoyable and the driving is fine but it just does n't have the potential of project gotham racing . stay away !
 The game is a lot of fun at first but after two days or so , it gets really boring . The racetracks are pretty much all the same and after a few hours of playing , you get sick of seeing the same one over and over again . The graphics are kind of good but definitely not anything to gush over . And in Sega GT 2002 mode , what is the deal with the lack of complete specs on cars ? One car pretty much drives like the next anyway -LRB- with a few minor differences -RRB- so I guess that does n't really matter . After a while , you really do n't care enough to keep playing . I 'd rent this one from a video store , have fun with it for a few days and then return it because it definitely is not worth having on any consistent basis .
 I was looking forward to this game so bad that it was all I could think about for days before it came out . Well , I was greatly dissapointed ! The graphics are BLAH at best . The game play is choppy and bumpy . The XBox processor can do much better than this . When are game designers going to utalize the XBox 's true potential ? This game looks like junk and is NOT fun ... this makes me sad . I really wanted to like it . RENT IT FIRST !
 For those of you thinking that xbox finally has an answer to GT3 , they do n't . The game is n't all bad and does offer a few thing I hope to see in the next GT , but for the most part this game just does n't do it for the GT fan . First off , the driving is more unrealistic than most games put on the easiest arcade level . It is actually harder to lose control of the car than to hold perfect lines . Second , the parts you buy for the car have to be `` unlocked '' before you can buy them . Yes , most parts you can buy right away , but others you have to wait for . Then , once you buy the parts , you have practically no fine tuning capabilities . Yes you can increase your boost or adjust your camber , but what about fine tuning your gears ... nope . You just get to chose between close or wide gears . There are several more annoyances like the fact that the game is to easy and you have to do all adjustments to the car before you head out to the track . Actually , the list of problems would take to long to go over so I 'll just switch to the good.I like the fact that damage to the car takes away money you win in the race . I also like that fact that your tires do n't last forever and that you have to replace them every few races . Last , you can set the price you want to get for a car you are going to sell . Not that you will always get that price , but it 's a cool feature.All in all , I probably would have liked the game had I not known what a racing simulation game is suppose to be like .
 DONT BUT THIS GAME UNLESS MOB THUGS PROMISE TO KILL EVERYONE YOU LOVE IF YOU DONT . OTHERWISE STEER CLEAR OF THIS HORRIFIC GAME . GTA , SPLINTER CELL , OR RAINBOw SIX THREE ARE ALL MUCH MUCH MUCH MUCH BETTER
 i ca n't write a review since i havent receivd my game yet . i ordered it on the seventeenth and it is now 9 o'clock p.m. on the 21st . i thought this game was supposed to be 24 hour delivery . i am very angered over this because i could have ran to the store down the block and gotten it for the same price .
 These people are going to far with the shooter games . They have enough already and there ending up to be exactly the same . Sure Eidos Interactive is a great maker for games but havent they made enough shooters for xbox ????
 The description does n't say it , but this game is only for one player only . I was really hoping there 'd be a two-player mode . Oh , well .
 I am not shoure i should buy this game because the first HiTman released was very very hard to accomplish I did n't finished the 1st game so if I were you I wont buy it until you play the DEMO or something related
 I am not shoure i should buy this game because the first HiTman released was very very hard to accomplish I did n't finished the 1st game so if I were you I wont buy it until you play the DEMO or something related
 I am not shoure i should buy this game because the first HiTman released was very very hard to accomplish I did n't finished the 1st game so if I were you I wont buy it until you play the DEMO or something related
 Ok the graphics are amazing but the game play leaves something to be desired I just bought the game last week and want to save some people a few bucks . First off there is no multiplayer so why would they even make it for a pc ? Make it for playstation or x box but dont make a computer game that isnt multiplayer . 2nd thing moving around is hard to get use to and even after you do get use to it you find it annoying . Even picking things up off the ground in this game is a pain . E and then using the arrow keys to select it ? I mean most games u can grab it with your mouse and even move your character with your mouse like quake . I do believe this game is getting very good reviews on the sole fact that its graphics are awsome . But that is unfortunatly the only thing awsome about this stupid game . DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY its to story lined based and not much thought went into actually playing the game .
 I just got Hitman 2 . The game is a waste of money . Controls are difficult and at times frustrating . Camera keeps getting in the way . The graphics do n't take advantage of the XBox hardware . I 'd wait for Splinter Cell or buy Halo .
 I am not shoure i should buy this game because the first HiTman released was very very hard to accomplish I did n't finished the 1st game so if I were you I wont buy it until you play the DEMO or something related
 I am not shoure i should buy this game because the first HiTman released was very very hard to accomplish I did n't finished the 1st game so if I were you I wont buy it until you play the DEMO or something related
 I had heard a lot of great things about this game and was very tempted to buy it , but I decided to rent it first . I was right , the game is n't that great . The controls are ok , but the graphics are PS2 graphics . Hitman 2 has a good concept , but the gameplay itself is very poor . It 's a first player perspective so if you 're one to get dizzy playing first shooter games then this game is not for you . If you 're looking for a good game you 'd be better off with Splinter Cell . After playing Splinter Cell , no other games compare to it .
 I am not shoure i should buy this game because the first HiTman released was very very hard to accomplish I did n't finished the 1st game so if I were you I wont buy it until you play the DEMO or something related
 This game was for my seven yr old , but it was sent without instructions , so no one knows how to play it .
 I own just about every Scooby Doo video available . I think the characters are quite good - Scooby is awesome . Shaggy is great most of the time . That aspect of this game has provided great entertainment for our family.However , the game itself is a nightmare to play . Due to the crazy perspectives provided -LRB- you ca n't select the direction in which you are looking -RRB- , certain moves require you to enter a space from a specific angle , then turn in a certain way to move the perspective . If you do n't do this exactly right , the program changes your perspective , and you wind up pointing yourself in the wrong direction.I like a challenge , but significant portions of this game are just plain silly . You will spend hours trying to master the technique , often being required to repeat a minute of the same easy moves over and over just to get one shot at the difficult move . If you are the type of person who enjoys filling a bathtub with a teaspoon , then this game is for you.Then , after completing a difficult task , you are often faced with another daunting challenge , but you ca n't save the game until you complete the second difficult task.If I could remember where I bought this game I would return it . If you want to see Scooby , buy a video instead.Pay no attention to the reviews written by the employees of the producers of the product .
 This game is , in my opinion , terrible . I found it vaguely amusing for the first ... five minutes , but after that it was all downhill . The graphics are decent and the controls are easy to learn , but the game just feels like a task . Jump onto this platform , get the scooby snack there , jump on this monster here and Zoiks ! What a monotonous nightmare . The levels are in a linear format that is often frustrating and makes some camera angles awkward . Collecting `` scooby snacks '' gets annoying , and you see the same monsters over and over again . The voiceovers are great , but what good is a voiceover if the game is weak?People who might like this game : ~ Kids just learning how play play video games ~ Diehard scooby fansPeople who might not like this game : ~ Everybody else .
 I confess I did n't get very far on this game before I quit and put it up for sale , but I intensely dislike games where you have to go back to an area and finish it after you 've acquired additional skills somewhere else . And the camera angles are really bad . It 's difficult to position Scooby for jumps and you ca n't see some areas you think you need to . I went to the mansion , the playground , the fishing village , the vault , and some area that might have been a cemetery and apparently the sun never comes out in Scoobyland because each level was dark and dreary . After I earned a warp power , it turned out there was no place I could warp to . Very frustrating . And you do n't have much directional control of Scooby when he 's supposed to be swinging on something .
 Ruh-Roh for Scooby-Doo . How can you call that a game the graphics are horrible and the control is terrible.The voice overs are really bad too.It just so bad even Simon Cowell could n't figure out critisizum for it . It is so bad I ca n't find the words for it . So I am going to stop writing this report .
 With a brand new disc ... would have been nice if it worked but it did n't . Apparently some incompatibility exists between certain gamecubes and this game.THQ acknowledges that and asked me to go to Nintendo . Nintendo says to send in this game AND the gamecube . Will take about 4 weeks.Luckily , THQ was nice enough to offer me the xbox version to exchange for .
 When I saw this game in the commercials , I thought oh this game must be great . I do love all the mortal kombats that have come out so far . I 'm 17 and remember playing the first mortal kombat in the arcades , and followed the series ever since . I also love Mortal Kombat 1 the movie.I really reccommend you rent this game before you buy it . From my own opinion I thought the creators of this game were trying to be original by adding a different fighting style . But I think thats the major thing that ruined this game.I love Virtua Fighter 4 and reccommend you get that game instead of this . It took me a while to get used to Virtua Fighter 4 though , at first I was thinking that game was terrible . But its one of those games where the more you play it the more you like it .
 This has to be the biggest disappointment ever in the game making history . apparently , people in midway want to get into the 3-D mode ... but do n't have any original ideas . bloody track the flood ? try VF4 with sand and snow ... fighting style , VF4 and TK serise . changing style in the middle , try TK . weapons , soulcalibur , and talking about the weapons , you do n't have a katana sword with length of a man . also , you do n't carry a katana sword like a middle age broadsword which weights like 100 pounds . and the game play , it is still mostly linear , well ... at least you can dodge the fire balls now ... My advice ... rent it first ... if you still like it ... go ahead ... but I wish I had spend my 6 bucks rental on something else ...
 I ca n't believe how terrible this game is ... The creators apparently decided that Mortal Kombat was n't working anymore , so they decided to try to rip off the Virtua Fighter engine and throw in the Mortal Kombat cast ... . the result is disgusting ... Do n't get me wrong . . I loved MK1 and 2 ... But this isnt even a mortal kombat game imo ... The graphics are terrible and blocky . . pastel comic-book garbage . . what happened to the motion captured characters from one and two?The gore/blood just looks rediculous now . . it drools off the enemies in gallons if you so much as slap them in the face ... and it looks like worms now for some strange reason ... The fatalities are also completely silly and overlong . . they 've turned into real-time cinemas ... They remind me of the ` summon guardian spirits ' from the Playstation Final Fantasy games ... remember how much fun those were to watch over and over and over again ? it doesnt really help that each character has only one to choose from . It also doesnt help that theyre just plain stupid.I dont even know where to start with the shoddy controls in this game . For some reason they felt it would give the game depth if they gave each character 3 different stances ... . which would be great it each stance was warranted , but they could have easily have crammed all the moves from all the different stances into one ... The basic attacks are pathetic ... the only way to really assault your enemy is to punch in a dial-a-combo sequence.The juggling system is so non-intuitive its infuriating . . you can apparently juggling your enemy three times . . the training mode actually teaches you to use the same move all three times to juggle your opponent.BTW , the training mode -LRB- called Konquest mode -LRB- oooh , how clever , they used a K !!! -RRB- -RRB- is pretty terrible as it never gets in depth past teaching you a few basic combos . It does however , make you pracitce backing away from your enemy and moving fowards . It also makes you practice drawing 80 pints of blood from your enemy in under 60 seconds , which is a skill you wo n't be needing to play this abysmal game.Juts to throw it in there , but you cant attack when you jump backwards ... Half the time you sidestep your subsequent move misses the character youre aiming at . . I have no idea why ... The recovery time for nearly any move is WAY too long ... The result of this last point is that the fighting in this game basically breaks down to blocking an attack from your opponent and then dialing in a combo before he can block ... I could go on for hours ... BTW , its gon na take you HOURS to unlock the nine characters in the game , the Krypt system -LRB- where you earn koins from winning matches which you spend to open koffins , some of which contain characters , some of which contain unfunny jokes or pictures of the MK staff getting down and having a good time !! woo yee haw !!! -RRB- is rediculous ... I could go on with a list of what they needed to do to make this game better , but I do n't have enough space . And I just do n't care anymore . I hope this game flops and they kill this series.I 've been reading these over-positive reviews and I ca n't help but think theres alot of people out there who REALLY NEED to like this game ... its frankly terrible . . Buy Virtua Fighter 4 or Tekken 4 ... if you already have those , get Dead or Alive . . if you already have that too , then buy a game thats not a fighting game ... I wish I 'd bought Metroid Fusion instead of this POS . . maybe I can convince the store to take it back ...
 this game is pretty boring . the combat system was a bad idea from the start . each charachter has two fighting styles and one weapon style . seems like genius , but you always find yourself wasting valuable seconds while your switching styles . one weapon and one fighting style would have been much better . gameplay is also very boring and the charachters dont look cool when theyre fighting . they look like dancing fools that been smokin somethin.Fighting games usually have the best graphix . not the case with this game . the charachters look horribly squarey . The charachtersdont talk at all so their mouth never moves . The fighters have the same solemn face throughout the game , never changing their expresstion . The blood spills are very real though . The charachters face even gets bruised and bashed as he/she takes a beating . the screams that dudes make when theyre hit or are hitting are exactly the same for a couple people . theres only like a few different screams thats divided amongst the charachters . The least the makers coulda done was give each charachter their individual sounds that they make . the krypt is a place where you can buy stuff using money that you earn by winning fights . theres like 600 + stuff you can buy ! Don get too exited though it 's mostly junk like sketches . and you dont know what you bought until you open the koffin . and some of the coffins are empty or just give you extra koins . this was a pitiful attempt to score high in the length catergorie by critics . you should spend your money on a better game
 Why , oh why are all the Mortal Kombat games THE SAME ??? Ever since the first one , the games have repeated themselves over and over and over again . This one is no different , with only a few new charachters and old ones that are supposed to be dead ! Kano was killed by Sonya in Trilogy , yet he 's back . Kung Lao was killed by Shao Kahn , but he 's alive and kicking . And Kenshi ... . wherever the idea for him came from , it was n't good . How does that guy fight with blindfolds ? It 's simply dumb.One more thing about every last Mortal Kombat game
 At least that one may be a complete game . The graphics are great and the fighting average . As a Mortal Kombat game it truly disappoints . Many things that were to be included were suddenly left out due to `` time constraints '' . The game itself has clues to many of these items , which is really annoying considering they are no longer present . Wait for MK6 and avoid the feeling of being cheated into buying an unfinished product .
 I think it 's rather funny to hear people proclaiming the depth of MK : DA to be something ground breaking , and yet ... where 's the high level competiton?Mortal Kombat has always suffered from some pretty key quirks that has always made it 's franchise , and Midway itself , a less successful and admireable name . Every fighter has two stances and a weapon stance - this 'll make for really deep and intresting gameplay , right ? Well , it would , if it were n't for the fact that , you know , every fighter has two stances and a weapon stance . MK : DA constricts the entire game in the , well , exact same way the entire Mortal Kombat series has always been constricted - the game is mind-numbing bland . Everyone is indentictal , and the only reason that certain characters rise to top tier is merely because thier variations of fireball/dragonpunch/teleport / what-have-you take prioreity over others . Now you simply have to add MK : DA 's dial-a-combo to the list.Novelty wears out after a while , and IMO , everything about this game absolutely screams novelty . Mortal Kombat has never been known for the words / deep / or / strategic / , it 's been known for off-the wall fatalities and for congress using it as thier proof that video games are satantic . For all it 's sloppiness , Tekken 4 and Soul Calibur 2 are still being played professionally . Comparisions to Viruta Fighter 4 : Evo 's eye-twicthing depth should be completely non-existant . Let 's face it , the SNES MK games were all watered down versions of fireball vs. anti-air fights from Capcom and SNK games , and now we have MK : DA , which has graduated from the SNES only in the sense that it 's a watered down version of Namco 's Poke/Turtle system , which was n't something to be that proud of to begin with . Even the only thing that actaully seperates this series from the rest - fatalities - are restrictd to only one per-character , and are rather boring and thrown-in simply because people listen to what thier told . Much like everything else in this game.MK : DA stands as a testament that if you take a lot of the same and make a / lot more of it / , then proclaim an upgrade , that people will gobble it up . Everything this title suposingly has to offer has been done and out-done , and until there are some national tournaments or , hell , Evo 2004 matches or something , I 'll stand by my statement that MK : DA is the perfect title for button-mashers and people that do n't like substance with thier fighting games .
 For the first time since Mortal Kombat 1 do we find ourselves with one finishing move per character -LRB- most of which -LSB- stunk -RSB- more than a weekend with richard simmons -RRB- . They tried to make a three stance fighting system work with MK and failed , the addition of weapons might have impressed some people but all in all was a let down . Further more the lacking of background fatalities was another let down . The only redeeming factor for this latest installment was the graphics were pretty nice , and the crypt feature was a little cool at first . But all in all you 'd be better off if you skipped this one .
 The game loaded onto my father 's computer without event , but the trouble began with trying to start the game up . When you double clicked on the icon , an error message appeared and the desktop inverted itself . After hours of trying to find ways to rectify this I finally gave up . We downloaded update patches and contacted the seller of the game -LRB- who was of very little help to me . Finally answered my question and request for help 2 weeks after I posed it , and at that point I was just fed up -RRB- . So , we never got to play this game at all since I returned it . Hope you all have more success than we did . I would strongly encourage you to make sure that your system meets all requirements to play this game before purchasing . As it turned out , the seller told me that the manufacturer revised certain requirements for your system beyond what was listed on the website -LRB- my guess is because so many people were having trouble with the game -RRB- .
 if you liked phantasy star online it does n't mean you will like this , everything sucks and is more complicated where it should n't be and less where it was , the graphics are worse too , nothing worthwhile that is new really , online action does NOT improve the game as much as on PSO , if you played PSO this is a 1 star game compared to it , if you did n't this is a 3 star game .
 Phantasy star universe is truly a amazing universe but there are some MAJOR flaws in this game . One of these that is truly annoying is that there are chapters in this game . What i mean by chapters is that at the end of a level it ends like a cartoon show and gives you a preview of the next one . Also the single most horrible flaw with this game is that you HAVE TO PAY FOR ONLINE !!!!!! If you have this for the xbox 360 you already pay for your online capabilities but these guys want you to pay more and its ALOT more . Its 10 dollars more to get on and get insulted constantly by a bunch of nerds ! If you want to play online in this game get the demo for it because it is free . If this game did n't have horrible voice acting , chapter endings and previews , loading screens that constantly pop up , and a online fee it could have been a great game . I would recomend renting it for a weekend to get the achievements from it which are WAY too easy and then returning it and forgetting you ever played it .
 The game just sucks . Costs ten bucks a month to play . Looks like a ps2 game rather than a 360 game .
 This is my opinion as a parent and it can be viewed in any way you wish . From a child 's perspective , it is a great game and will keep you occupied for hours . Unfortunately for parents , this is all that the kids will talk about . Exercise your own opinion and stick with that decision .
 This game is really pretty fun . For the first 45 hours . Then it just starts to get a liiittle boring . I mean , how long can you go before you start to get sick of blacking out and listening to the other trainers idiotic comments which really do n't apply to the game ? I got this game in July . I 'm still playing . Ok , so maybe I 'm not the most fabulous gamer in the world , but I 'm not that bad . If you love pokemon and have a good attention span , buy this game . If not , do n't bother.P.S - If you 're a girl , prepare yourself for lots of annoying little digs from the girl trainers -LRB- Oh , I broke a nail , Oh no , I messed up my hair , Oh no , I have absolutly no personality or life , ect . ect . -RRB- .
 This is the so called `` Better version '' of pokemon blue and Red . The only thing that 's better is that you can get Charmander , Squitle , and bulbasaur . the graphics chanmged a little bit and Pikachu is the only pokemon that cries it 's name !!! Why is that ? But Pikachu learns new atyttacks like
 I received this game as a gift and found it to be time consuming but not that great . First off , you have to go back to boards you have already been to like a hundred times , which really eats my patience ... secondly it 's a bit vague as to which way i am supposed to go and how to get there . It 's ok if you like a loooonnng game , but i am more of the super mario brothers type ...
 This toy is good but the toy is almost kind of hard to beat . So , If your good I would recomond to you ! Bye .
 When I first played this game I was excited with pokemon fever and started playing , but as the game dragged on I started to notice its similarities to blue and yellow.First there might a few more pokemon and pikachu follows you around.After realizing that fact the game got more and more boring.I realized such a bad investmrnt I made and stopped playing it.So in short I would not reccemend this game for anyone
 The game , as a I remember , is fun . It will remain so . But the game I ordered from this guy came with fang marks or such . The game itself did n't work correctly at all . The game is a 5-star game in my opinion , but the game I got from this jagoff was questionable at best , and without a doubt , I wo n't buy from him again .
 This game is bad ! very bad . The worst feature about this game is that its exactly the same as the first 2 . There was all this hype surrounding this `` new '' version of the game , but its the same thing only that pikachu is following you around . Chances are that your kid probably has either one of the others -LRB- red , Blue -RRB- or both . If they want you to get them this , save yourself the cash and take their red or blue one and paint it yellow . They wo n't know the differance when playing .
 this game is a waste of your time and money . There only only * to buy this game :1 # You get a Pikachu immediately , and do n't have to catch one2 # In the game you recieve a Bulbasaur , a Charmander , and a Squirtel . In the Blue/Red verisons , you have to decide between them .3 # This follows the idea of the TV show.Those are the other reasons why you should buy Pokemon Yellow . Buy Crystal imstead .
 I think that this is a horrible game ! I dont like the graphics . Its like playing pokemon blue and red ... its exactly the same thing ! It it repetitive and it gets boring after playing it for 2 or 3 minutes ... the hole game is doing the same thing
 Do n't get me wrong . I am a pokemon gamer but this game is way to hard ! Making you start with a pikachu is sort of ok but it gets annoying hearing the little nag screeching all the time . i always found pikachus annoying . and then i have to rasise a stupid caterpie to defeat brock ! i got this game to see jesse and james and so far i hav n't seen them . this game is too hard i reccomend pokemon red and blue instead !
 If you have a Gameshark , get this game . I thought it would be easy , but now I need a Gameshark . I named my Pikachu Rocky and it only says `` Pika '' on Stadium . If you 're good at Stadium , you could get this game too . Get if you can beat Red and Blue without cheating . That is what Yellow is like without a GameShark . I ca n't even pass Celadon City because Pikachu is so scared .
 Hype , hype , and more hype . I was excited when i heard that Pokemon yellow was coming to stores , so i rushed to get it . But was it really worth the rush ? A strong part of me says NO . How much different is Yellow from the originals ? Not much at all . You start the game with Pikachu . He follows you around on the screen everywhere you go . OK , so thats fine . The moods of Pikachu are cute for a little while , but they just seem to annoy you eventually . Team Rocket -LRB- Jesse and James fr . the TV show -RRB- are all over the place . I thought that was pretty neat , but that is about it . For the exception of Pikachu , there are no new moves to learn and no new pokemon . It just a repeat of the first two versions , only following the story line from the cartoon . I never bothered to finish the game ... Why do it 3 times ??
 I bought it and it was the same game as red and blue just with that stupid pikachu.Let me tell you.Pikachu is a very week pokemon and he could beat almost none of the guys.The only cool thing was that pikachu follwed u around.I recomend it if you do n't have red or blue but if u do do n't get it .
 I feel that this game is the worst example of a sequel ever created by mankind . First off all you have to start off with pikachu which i think is dumb because you can easily get him when you play the red or blue versions . Also the only reason i gave this a 1 star instead of a -1 star was because the pokedex is improved alot . Also there are no new pokemon . If you are new to the pokemon craze this is the game to buy , but if you are a veteran like me you will want to stay away from this title . Im waiting for gold and silver versions the real sequels .
 I would just like to say this is a compete rip-off to get money for PKMN Red and Blue owners . Here is a list of problems : A. No new PokemonB . Just a little tiny bit of easier way to get Pokemon that are rare.C . Not as much of a challenge as Red or Blue.D . Pikachu doesnt evolveE . The game is VERY bad
 I like pikachu yellow version it tastes good.no it is the most boring game in teh universe . You might like it if you Are a chinese midgit with electricty coming out of your eyes nose and ears . the most memorable time i have played the game is the time i burned it.i think my dog likes it better than me he uses it as a chew toy . if your looking for a real game not a chew toy for your dog look no further than harvest moon or legend of zelda . the first time i bought pikachu edithion it was a hard choice between it and barney roundup.this is just my opinion and my dogs
 This game is to much like Red and Blue version to me . It establishes that you just have to buy all the games . If you already have Red or Blue this is a waste of money although it is okay I guess . Plus you ca n't do codes on it . It 's not true that all the pokemon are installed on this game like people say .
 I expected to get a charger . Instead I got a dock that works with a charger . If you do n't have a power cord for your DS , this does not give you a way to charge the DS .
 This charger does not work for a DSI ! There is no possible way to fit it what-so-ever to make it work .
 I thought we were getting a game to play not just a series of lame puzzles ... very weak , even for a three year old .
 This game has its diehard supporters , but it 's one of the NES games I put in the realm of unplayable . It takes way too much effort to get into this game , involving extensive map-making , invisible labyrinth entries , threat of being randomly dumped into an area with monsters too strong for you to kill ... I 've sat down with this one several times , and none of those times was I tempted to expend the effort.It looks terrible . The enemies are all silly looking clouds , blobs , or spidery things , which are still ridiculously stronger than your terrible main character . Everything has a thick black outline and looks like it was drawn in crayon . The sound is worse . Not much in the way of sound effects , and the music is grating and loops quickly .
 I bought this game in the late 80 's , and still remember it as the worst purchase I ever made for the NES . The graphics are horrible , even for that era . The cover shows this muscle-bound hero hefting a sword , in the actual game you look like a short , fat dwarf that shoots swords out of his stomach . The gameplay itself is boring . The monsters are impossibly hard and the dungeons too vast to navigate , and the game has no built-in mapping assistance . There is actually an article in cracked-dot-com which ranks this game as the worst game of all time for the NES . I agree .
 What they do n't tell you is that the software wo n't install -- it needs to run from the CD-ROM drive . It wo n't run smoothly so it 's always stopping and loading something when you need to go to the next item . It 's worse than useless .
 Unable to solve problem related to use with windows 7 . . Can find nothing in help that helps !! Can anyone help me with this ??
 We thought it would be fun as we needed this first version in order to load a newer updated version , but neither load on our new PC , ???
 THIS SIMULATOR IS NOT AS GOOD AS THE `` 2004 ''
 This racing wheel had great potential if it were n't for the quality problems . It 's the only wheel I could find that has analog paddle levers . And it 's priced reasonably . The wheel works well for the first 20 to 30 plays , but quickly degenerates to the point where it can no longer be used . The problem is with the steering and paddle analog circuits . After a few plays , the wheel will return sporadic values as you turn the wheel and apply the paddle levers , making it useless . Once the wheel begins degenerating , there 's nothing that can fix it , not even calibration . I work at a game development company and we have purchased nearly 20 of these wheels and they are all beginning to fail . We 're not hard on the wheels ; in fact , we use them with care . Nevertheless , we have had to replace every one . I can not recommend this wheel .
 I used to use the keyboard for rFactor and i used to hate it . Once I got this everything seemed to be fine . The box was clean , when I opened it it looked like it came straight from a factory -LRB- which it did lol -RRB- . But I was not impressed at all with the performance of it . I tried to calibrtae it , but once I get into the game the calibration goes `` by by '' . I tries to download different drivers for it but kept having the exact same problems . I run league races with a league called BOZ Racing League . I think I got 3 penalties in one race last night . After that race I totally quit on this wheel . I want to sell it to get a Logitech but I 'm afraid that the item I 'm selling wo n't be worthy for the buyer . I would love to return this for a full refund but I 'm not sure if I can do that .
 Was excited to open the box and try out my new toy , and I quickly found that I was more precise with the keyboard . The thing would n't hold a center , and after 5 minutes of using it I could n't get it to register right hand turns . After a few more tries with the same results , I am returning and going to spend the money on a logitech instead . Even my ancient thrustmaster worked a million times better than this one . Too bad I ca n't use that anymore .
 This game wheel has got to be the worst wheel available . While driving in the game `` rFactor '' the cars will not drive in a straight line . I tried all different settings as well as trying to find software to calibrate it . The windows calibration was useless on this model of game wheel . I had to stop using it for online competition because I kept running into other drivers and running them off the course . I also tried using the wheel on other driving games ... same problem . The wheel has no centering setting . I tried different dead zone settings ... worse reactions . I finally through it in the trash and purchased a Logitech Momo game wheel . Very satisfied with that choice.So save your money and buy a Logitech wheel .
 Sir , I purchased the item used and it worked for a very short period of time.I tried various methods to sort out the problem , but to no avail , my viewsare that the seller knew of the defective item and chose to sell . Amazonis the best company I have ever dealt with , after my complaint was voicedthey refunded all monies spent . I believe that this item new is great toown .
 This game is a train wreck and one of the titles that hastened Atari 's withdrawal from the industry . Basically , Virtua Racing on the Genesis looks and plays better . There is no texture mapping , the geometry has so few polygons it 's hard to even tell what everything is , and the game often dips to what seems below 10 fps . And to be extra sadistic , the career mode makes you go through 10 to 15 laps to finish a race . the only redeeming aspect is that despite all the control flaws and glitches , the career mode is beatable , if your willing to commit the hours to even complete it , which is a bigger waste of time than using a vacuum cleaner on the sidewalk . It 's a historic testament to the Jaguars dismal failure . Certainly an anti-classic for collectors only .
 I recently purchased this game to add to my Jaguar game collection . I remembered playing it when I had a Jaguar years ago , and remembered it being dull . Its pretty much the worst racing game I have ever played , it ca n't even compete with SNES/Genesis 16 bit racing games . The car is impossible to control and the game feels like they rushed development to meet some deadline . Virtua Racing for the Sega Genesis is worlds ahead . The cheap price reflects the poor quality of this game . Skip it !
 I basically stopped playing video games a long time ago , and my jaguar stopped working , which makes me tend to believe the jaguar units were n't built to last.You 'd kind of have to play Checkard Flag to see how bad it is . The lynx version is great , even though the lynx version is from 1992 I think.If it was hard to program games for the Jag , some games did come out okay . This game is so bad it 's amazing . Compare it to something like F-zero for SNES.On some meaningful level you ca n't even really play this game . Which is outstanding and it would be interesting to know what the real behind the scenes problems with the jaguar were . The people that wrote this game could never be proud of it ; this game was just a project that got certified as completed . The game should have been 10 dollars and released as a preview , with the real game coming out when it was finished . This game is so bad that , it 's a racing game and you ca n't even really control the car . You start to seriously doubt that the people that wrote the game could play it either.Somebody thought it was a good idea to make the jaguar , a wacky combination of different processors , and IBM was given 500 million to build the jaguars -LRB- again , my jag stopped working -RRB- but , then the game that was produced here was a joke.Did the programmers get stuck and stumped while writing this game?I think it was safe to assume this could have been an excellent game , it likely just simply , was a project somehow gone very very very bad.In closing , none of the original releases for the Super Nintendo lacked quality . Every aspect of the game reeked of quality and effort on the part of the programmers . In fact I remember reading that Pilotwings was programmed on a Apple IIE computer that could n't even run the game . Tremendous effort was put in clearly to make those games . Somehow Atari thought that they would make a wacky combination of computer hardware that few could program well , and let the game projects lack quality . In other words , clearly it has to be games that come first , not hardware.On some dimension , if Atari would have programmed the games correctly , Jaguar would have been better than super nintendo , which it certainly was not .
 For a Jaguar game , this game had decent Virtua Racer-style graphics , with choppy animation the only negative aspect of the graphics . Sound effects are surprisingly dull . What really brings this game down are the horrible controls ... steering is way too difficult to make this game enjoyable . This game had the potential to be one of the top Jaguar games , but the shoddy controls actually make it one of the worst Jaguar games .
 I love the show , this game . . not so much ... It just does n't have that addicting game play quality ... It has the worst camera of any game i 've ever played . . I passed the game just to get it over with to tell you the truth ...
 I got this for a friends child who lives in Paris . He couldnt find it there , so he asked me if I could . Well , I did find it on amazon , got it and sent it to him only to find out -LRB- and I didnt know this before -RRB- that France uses PAL system while the US is NTSC system . I didnt know X-Box has such issues...PS-3 doesnt . So be careful when sending it overseas .
 not a big xbox fan it ' my husband and this game was so stupid . let me sum it up for you - homer eats everything and beats up everyone and bart helps . waste of time . people go outside
 I received game but unfortunately , this cd did n't work . $ 6 Mistake . These can be costly if it happens repeatedly . This was one of my first purchases through Amazon . Live and learn , I guess .
 I wanted this game but i was wondering if someone could help me realize why this game costs so much ??
 Owned this game before great gameplay so i wanted it back . Found on amazon for a redonkulous low price so i jumped on it . Game came within a week but was too damaged to be read by my xbox ... freezes my console at main menu or reads as an open tray . Great reviews on the seller so maybe i recieved a bad copy ? Tried in other xboc 360s and same result ... boooo .
 This is a great game with a huge variety of fun vehicles , heart-racing air-dropped bombs/missiles , and interesting weapons . The single-player is a long trip and it 's a fun one with a constant stream of new weapons and vehicles unlocks . The destructible environments ca n't be beat either . Do n't want to go through the front gate to that base ? That building in your way ? Then knock it down with a few anti-tank rounds , let the dust clear and charge in!Other than that , no version of this game can be played in co-op mode any more . EA , those disgusting , rights-hating , maggots disabled the EA online servers required to play the game with friends . The servers were only up for 17 months before they did this.Even if you buy this game , be prepared to create an `` EA Online '' Account in order to play the game which is also a frustrating and annoying experience that is poorly implemented . That account creation part , though , they still have that up and running . They managed to figure that out.Everything about this game is great , except that one day it may not play for you at ALL , even in single-player . If the EA account validation servers are taken down then you just flushed your money down the toilet . Pandemic , the developer did a great , great job of making a fun and unique game . It 's just a shame that they sold their publishing rights to that disastrously de-humanzing and liberty-freedom-apple_pie-loving-customer-humiliating-money-grubbing-garbage-strewn-immoral-mess of a company called EA .
 Wow , where to start ? I received this game last night from Amazon and let me tell you , I was excited . You see , I saw these awesome screenshots in the official Playstation Magazine about 2 or more years ago and I thought this was going to be game of the year . Ohhhh ... how the years have changed you ... Basically , it 's the same as the screenshots , it 's just , 2 years ago those screenshots were amazing . Now the game looks terrible . After MGS4 and Gears of War , it 's hard to go back to 2005-2006 graphics and design and be impressed . The models would all move the same way if they were in a line , the characters were stiff and robotic , the story mode is THE EXACT SAME but with different characters . Wait , wait , ... I 'm not done . It looked like an Xbox game with new textures . . It was frustrating trying to get away when I was swimming in a foot of water as the enemies were standing in it shooting at me ... the AI was so stupid the main enemies would have RPGs and be hiding behind walls . I would walk up ; they would magically know I was there , from 30 feet away and shoot right into the wall killing them self in the process . Now I could go on and on , and guess what ... all of this happened in the first contract , first 30 minutes for the game.I was so excited for this game , pandemic is one of my favorite developers in the business ... but this just fails . It 's not all bad , the explosions are great and the game is fairly action packed . But the bar has been raised so many times since this game 's conception ... that it just does n't hold up to even a similar first gen on the Xbox 360 game `` The Outfit '' . Not even close . It 's so buggy it 's almost unplayable . I usually do n't preorder games , but this seemed like a sure bet . No wonder you did n't hear anything about it before it released . It 's terrible ... I can think of a number of similar games on the 360 for 10-15 bucks that are better than this . It 's a shame ; I really wanted to love this one . The first one was amazing , but times have changed , and pandemic dropped the ball on this one . I just do n't know how a 3 year dev time can make a game feel so rushed .
 Glitches , Glitches and more Glitches throughout the game !?!?!?! Totally Disappointing on all levels.This game was out for sale way before the game was even ready or debugged properly and/or efficiently . Some of the game play bugs actually cause you not to be awarded certain achievements -LRB- which really sucks ! -RRB- . The game patch that developer prepared to address these issues , in my opinion , did not ! I had already played the game through 84 % when the patch was sent and I decided to restart and play the game over again . Guess what , I had the same issues , but this time , I had more graphics issues than before . Not really sure what the patch actually fixed.It is truly shameful for EA and Pandemic to put out a game that is so glitched that it makes me feel that both companies are impersonating video game makers . Game developers should focus on the final polished product first rather than their projected profits . Good quality polished games will always yield maximum profits , but crappy and bug riddled games like Mercenaries 2 should be shelved and never made . SHAMEFUL!I really loved the original Mercenaries game for the xbox , but the Mercenaries 2 World in Flames for xbox 360 REALLY SUCKS 100 % . It is a piece of sh ... ! I , as a true gamer , would absolutely NEVER RECOMMEND this game to anyone .
 Any game that is so buggy that you can not even get past the menu screen is NOT okay with me .
 Okay , this game was a huge disappointment . The first mercs was awesome , this one just does n't even seem done yet . I play xbox 360 , and the graphics were TOTALLY SUBPAR ! They would have been acceptable on xbox original , but they were far from next-gen . This game also has numerous OBVIOUS BUGS . For example , during the final cut-scene combo the camera glitched out , and while I completed the sequence , all I saw was some black lines smacking into a wall . WTF !? The overall gameplay is also SUBPAR , and has some VERRY ANNOYING things in it . For example , you loose money when you destroy civilian buildings . In a game where you can destroy anything , why do they make you pay for the destruction ? The campaign and side missions are also EXTREMELY REPETITIVE . Oh well , I guess that does n't matter considering the campaign only takes about 5 HOURS TO COMPLETE . I have also had problems with achievements unlocking -LRB- on xbox 360 , and yes to me this is a big deal -RRB- . For example one achievement is `` Verify All HVTs . '' Under game progress is says `` HVTs Verified
 Mercs 1 was one of my favorite games of last gen. This game is a complete mess , and is loaded with bugs . I 'm really sad this game sucks so hard , but I REALLY hope they try again . Seriously , I loved the first one sooooo much that I would buy another .
 This game had it 's bright points . The story is fun and it 's a good time blowing stuff up.But that 's about where the fun stops.The game is incredibly buggy . It freezes on a fairly regular basis , or allows your character to get stuck in situations that require a reboot of the system.And the game play has some serious flaws . The single most annoying element a game can have is rampant in Merc 2 . Often , when you die , you respawn on the other side of the world map and have to spend the next 5 to 7 minutes walking or driving back to the mission where you died . That drives me insane . I understand that you ca n't go undefeated in the game , but at least respawn somewhere near the death point !
 The game does have a very high fun factor , for about 2 hours . After that you begin to realize that it is the EXACT same thing over and over until the end of the game . The main story missions are few and far between with very repetitive side missions that usually do not even need to be completed.The graphics are ok , but nothing outstanding , glitches range from minor to major -LRB- major being game seizures/crashes/corrupt saves -RRB- . Minor glitches include things such as suicidal civilians that jump INTO your path instead of away from it -LRB- for which the game penalizes you for -RRB- . Weapons are holy inaccurate even at point blank range and rpg 's rule this game , the enemy has an infinite supply and any vehicles you do manage to commandeer usually do not survive long -LRB- about 5 minutes is a rarity -RRB- . Support from pandemic has been pathetic in terms of patching/updating/information . All you need to do is log onto the game 's website and search their forums for a few minutes to see the many numerous complaints/issues . And as a final note , this review is from someone who owns the game , actually beat it , and enjoyed it -LRB- after the frustrations and lack of a compelling story -RRB- , however as others have said , this game in no way worth 59 dollars , let alone 40 . If you want a game with more of a story that in my opinion is more fun , then rent or buy Mercenaries 1 if you do not mind the dated graphics .
 Mercenaries 2
 EA apparently released this game before it was finished . The graphics really are last-gen and the games has bugs that interfere with completing missions . Remember how in the first game you could capture certain well-guarded characters , detain and helicopter them out ? I was doing one where I could n't knock the guy down to detain him . I struck him from every direction and he did n't fall . The only thing that worked was shooting him . I 've encountered similar problems in other parts of the game . They also seem to have designed this game to attract GTA fans -- there are missions that involve driving a car to a given destination within a certain time . Such missions were not part of the first version of this game and that was fine with me . I liked its straightforward approach . You can have some fun with this game but for what you get , this should have been priced $ 20-30 less than it was .
 This might be a fun game to play , but everytime I get to the title screen the game tries to connect to the server & freezes up . I have tried at least 20 times & have now given up on it .
 I am very disappointed in this gameI bought this game for my grandson , who has Duchennes muscular dystrophy , and it does n't workIt is the 3rd one we have bought him , they all freeze up . The other 2 were used so I decided to try buying him a new one and it does the same thing . This would be disappointing anyway , but it is much more disappointing since my grandson is unable to use his legs and his upper body use is minimal and he was excited about this game.I do n't know if this is a glitch in the game or what . it has been tried on 2 systems.Thank you for giving me the chance to review this product .
 It does not all you to zoom shoot characters . Cross between `` need for speed '' and a scavanger hunt . Not worth the money if you are the type that likes Call to Duty .
 There 's a very short list of games I 've pre-ordered and a very short list of games I 've straight up returned -LRB- only two on each -RRB- . Mercenaries 2 appears on both of those lists.I went out of my way to get Mercenaries 2 for the same reason 9 out of 10 people did ... the freaking commercial ! Right ? Come on , pretend that song was n't in your head for days . Pretend you did n't love it ! Oh , and Mercenaries 1 was groundbreaking and inovative and brilliant . But mostly it was that SONG !!! Mercenaries 1 kicked all sorts of ass
 I could n't tell you anything about the game since it freeze 's every time I load the game . Yeah sure there 's an easy fix , log into the EA server using a different game by EA . Well thats great if you have other EA first person shooting games .
 The game would have been awesome , too bad it does not work on new Xbox 360 's . Bought one for myself and one for my friend , Cd loads then gets stuck in the intro screen when connecting to live . What fun is this game if youre not playing with buddies ? Bought 2 originally from gamestop , did not load . Bought 2 from here , again , did not load , friends also did not load , 4 cds , 2 xboxs , none worked . Way to drop the ball EA and give up on a game after launch.also tried all the fixes , flush the game cache , etc. . NO DICE .
 To summarize my feeling of the game , the ending non-cinematic of the game is a series of correctly timed button taps . Who on earth would wrap a game up with a combination of shoulder button , a , b , d-pad up ? It makes no sense , whereas the prequel had an epic battle , this game ended with a feeling that the designers were bored of the game.Going against the gritty look of the first game with everything being so damn shiny , Merc 2 took away what worked best in what seemed an honest attempt at making an inferior game . Gone were the sensible systems of purchases -LRB- You have to run around to different people to buy what you need , we do have phones and the internet , heck the people you buy from give you business cards that often have phone numbers , which when you need to go to a loading screen to buy things and get missions ... it detracts -RRB- . Who cares that most of your support strikes are called in by means that leaves you at ground zero , you will find most of them are useless as they have a penchant of blowing you up in the process.Most annoyingly , the vast majority of the game can and should be beaten in a helicopter . No need for about 90 % of the vehicles , they lack the mobility or firepower that the higher end attack choppers are loaded with . Which brings me to the grapple system and the vehicle boarding system , it is frustrating . I know they want to make it more of a challenge so you ca n't just hijack everything with ease , but honestly it is annoying as they did n't even vary the sequences to make things at least a challenge . Just memorize the pattern for each vehicle and close your eyes . Then the vehicles you have more than likely will disappear when you go to buy stuff or take a mission , you ca n't even put things into this garage that you supposedly have.The game redeems itself in a decent storyline and fantastic graphics , but those alone ca n't make up for a broken game play system . So much of the game was rinse , wash , and forget where you put the detergent , then repeat . I 'd rather play the first game , it was at least consistently fun . Do yourself a favor and rent the game , you will be saving yourself money and the shelf space for a better game .
 Let me start this by saying I wish I could love this game.I bought this game with HIGH hopes that it would be a step forward for the series . As a fan of the original , I was hoping they would get past the at times bewildering AI -LRB- anyone with a rocket launcher immediately attempted to make a suicide pact with you -RRB- , the sometimes wonky controls , and strange difficulty pacing.Unfortunately , Mercs 2 can best be summed up as one step forward and two steps back . It looks and feels like a launch title delayed one too many times . EVERYTHING that this game attempts has been done better , especially by Grand Theft Auto IV . I bring GTA into it because Mercenaries 2 has made me pine for it more than I thought possible . Let 's start with the unskippable developer screens . Not a dealwrecker , but annoying for sure.Nothing is polished ; the graphics , with the exception of the explosions , look amazingly dated . I seriously have no idea where they are pulling these screenshots , it has to be from the PC version because the 360 version is at times at the level of the original Xbox . The controls are jerky and bizare . The vehicles handle like the programmers just could n't be bothered to simulate anything resembling realism . The voice acting is subpar , the characters are generally unlikeable -LRB- with the exception of your two pilots -RRB- , and the plot is hilariously paper-thin . It has been a long time since a game that I 've wanted to so badly to get into has failed to engage me in so many ways.I could complain more ... so I will . The weapons are by and large amazingly inaccurate . I was under the impression that rifles shot in the direction you pointed them in . If you want me to believe that I 'm playing the world 's most skilled mercenary , then how about making him/her shoot straight ? The AI thankfully suffers from this same aiming issue - unless their target is you . If you trip an alarm , a system which by and large seems to be set by arbitrary rules , every enemy building suddenly becomes full of men with RPGs , who hang out of every other window and shoot at you until you take the building down . And considering you now have to FIND ordinance rather than just purchase it as in the previous game , you consistently find yourself in situations where you do not have the capability to deal with these murderous structures . I 've never played a game where buildings were actually a bigger threat than the army controlling them.That brings me to another problem - quick time button sequences . ENOUGH ALREADY . The first time it was quasi-entertaining -LRB- not really -RRB- but seriously , do I have to see this EVERY TIME I steal a tank ? I 've actually failed missions because while the people I was protecting were being murdered , I was stuck pulling the grenade off a tank driver 's chest for the millionth time in a hijacking attempt.The only , and I repeat , the ONLY redeeming quality of this game is the explosions , which are beautiful and devastating . They almost forgive the above problems - but only when I 'm in an amazingly destructive mood , and even then I see them so infrequently that I ca n't even be bothered to stick with it . This game is going back on my shelf , and I do n't see myself picking it up again any time soon . Boo , Pandemic .
 It 's depressing when one of your most anticipated game releases leaves you wishing you had bought something else . Sixty bucks is a lot of money to waste.The first Mercenaries title was - in my opinion - a major milestone . Taking the Grand-Theft-Auto sandbox design and filling it with military vehicles , crazy gun fights and massive explosions . The original game was not without its flaws , but I actually think this game has far more.The Cons : Oh goodness the graphics . I think a lot of gamers feel that graphics are an aside - as much as graphics are touted by major reviewers , publications , etc , us gamers just do n't really seem to care that much . If a game is really , REALLY good , we 'll look past some frame rate issues and bad aliasing . But Mercs 2 - good God - did they port this off of a Gameboy ?? When you 're in a race and obstructions literally pop up in front of you around a corner - that 's not good . When an enemy is shooting at you from 50 yards away and yet the engine has n't actually drawn him yet - that 's not good . The colors are extremely flat - trees , buildings , people - almost all look the same.Topography is another issue - many times I 've watched my character get killed because I was literally stuck in a rut the depth of a curb . I 've also gotten stuck between rocks many , many times . It is incredibly frustrating watching an action game turn into a platformer because you 're trying to jump out from a few rocks.Fun ... The game just is n't that fun . A lot of strategy has been compromised for action and explosions - neither of which are that good . In the original mercs , you could subdue a `` high value target '' - referred to in that game as a `` deck of cards . '' You could then take your subdued target , toss him into a vehicle -LRB- The Hummer H2 was my favorite -RRB- and drive out of an enemy base , camouflaged as a civilian . This was one of my favorite things to do . So imagine my surprise when I knocked out a HVT in Mercs 2 , ran up to my truck , and could n't load the target inside . In the following explosion , my HVT was killed and I lost half of my bounty . Why did they take that element out of the game?The air support has become bigger and in some ways , better . There are a LOT of things you can call in this time , and you do n't have to worry about keeping a faction happy to keep the supplies rolling in . However , you have to stop moving , select what you want to call in , and throw your beacon for things like artillery support , fuel bombs , etc. . Of course , most of the time you 'll catch a rocket in the face for your efforts because you 're not moving ! Why you have to stop to throw an air support beacon is beyond me . This was obviously never beta-tested . The story - if you can call it that - is pretty poor . There 's no indication as to when missions become available - you literally have to make your rounds among your increasing number of outposts and H.Q. 's and find out what is available to do . The first couple times I found myself thinking , `` now what ? '' only to realize that I had to go talk to someone to find out what was available . I guess it 's good that Fiona - your ... ... boss ? ... ... keeps nagging you to return home so she can give you suggestions.Good Lord the voice acting ... I do n't know if the same guy did Mattias as in the last game , but he obviously spent some time hanging out in suck city between projects . He is without a doubt the worse voice-actor I 've ever heard . Was this guy trying to impersonate Shatner ? It is literally so bad , I 've begun skipping the conversations simply because I ca n't stand it.So what 's good ? The vehicles are okay - I really liked the combat ship I stumbled across - rocket launcher , two side-mounted turret guns and a butt-kicking front-mounted cannon . The helicopters are more varied and capable - sorta ... My favorite part was using a helicopter to drop a gigantic gas tank onto the deck of a large tanker ship - the ship was a target I was asked to destroy . The gas tank landed next to two additional gas tanks on the deck , and after a few seconds of bouncing around , the first tank exploded , igniting the other two . As the ship exploded in a glorious fireball , I sat there laughing almost uncontrollably - it was just cool . Too bad it took 6 hours of game play to find a good part.What else would you like to know ? No , the physics are n't any better . Driving is a tiny bit easier , but cars slide like you 're driving on teflon-coated ice ... They stop okay and such , but get out of a car while it 's still just slightly moving , and you 'll walk a half-mile to catch up to it - that is if it does n't slide off a cliff or beach.Mercenaries 2 is ... ... it 's an insult to the engineers who made Mercs 1 such a great game . Gone is the flair - no neat animations when you subdue a target . Instead we get minute-long tank hijacking sequences . For every item Mercs 2 tried to improve on the original , they slacked off on two items that Mercs 1 did great . All in all it makes for a pretty lackluster game . I 'm sorely dissapointed .
 My gosh , how can a company justify selling glitch-ridden software ? I have a plain vanilla windows XP system , and this program jerks & sputters -LRB- sound static -RRB- and after playing it I 'm feeling nauseus . The 3d tables swing around as you play , so you ca n't focus , and the 2d tables scroll so fast you ca n't make out the details . Play is nothing like a real pinball table.My Advice ? Try Fantastic Journey instead .
 I had bought this game since I got a kick out of the previous two entries from the designer `` Sudden Strike '' and `` Sudden Strike II '' . A pretty tight and enjoyable set of RTS games . I had bought this hoping for the same thing however it is far from the mark . The interface is the same , however that is where it all ends . The copy that I bought I could n't get past the first couple missions , even when I hit all the reqiured mission reqiurements I still got a failed mission hit . The other thing that would happen is a CTD when I tried to load a saved gamed . So after looking online at the designers website I found out that the are in the process of sueing thier US Publisher since the Publisher released a early Beta of the game . So there are all sorts of loop holes and undocumented features and features that are supposed to exsist . The designers are n't even willing to put a patch out for those of us that have bought this bogus bit of a game . STAY AWAY FROM IT .
 This game is horrible , it plays kind of like Rad Racer , the view is from the cockpit of KITT and you can see the mph and readings and stuff , but the game is just terrible . You can shoot at cars , and i 'm not even sure which ones im supposed to shoot at . I think one button is for turbo boost , but it doesnt work very good , the controls are hardly responsive , but unlike Rad Racer , this game is no fun.For the die hard KR fan like myself , you may wan na check it out out of curisoty , but I doubht you will find anyone at all who can say this game is any good.The best thing about this game is the nice cover it has . Apart from that , it 's not even worth using as a rom !
 I 've never been good at racing/driving games , and Knight Rider is no exception . It 's just a terrible game , and I am unable to get out of first level because of the impossibility of maneuvering through the road while avoiding being hit by bullets . The shield is just too low to start off the game . Forget the game ... it 's a waste of time .
 this game sucks has no plot to it not only that but the company who sent it took a month to get it to me
 This game is fun ... But the multiplayer is terrible ! It took me almost an hour to get though there crummy ` registration ' thing just so I could get online and play ... That is if there was anyone to play . There never seems to be anyone online ... LAME !
 I really do not like the world of warcraft spell setups in some games and as a Christian I didnt like the story in the game and dealing with demons and stuff like that . I dont think it is wise playing with stuff like that , and after reading about it and see for myself what was in the game more than the demo I tore the game up . If your a person who likes fantasy rts games stick with Lord of the rings battle for middle earth or if you just like rts games in general keep with age of empires 3 , empire earth , and other games . This is a religious review of my personal ideas on playing games and I wished i had read more about the games story line and setup before just seeing the eye candy . Some games I can stand , but some just bother me in this department .
 ... DO N'T BUY THIS ! Man . Why ca n't some people leave well enough alone ? 2003 had better overall graphics and programming than 2004 , and 2004 had better play mechanics . This one has graphics that ABSOLUTEY SUCK ! The guys look like they are wrapped in plastic . There moves look like one of those half programmed conry games - they do not look realsitic like last years ' game.I bought NHL 2005 and this . I like watching basketball on TV waaay more than hockey , but the Hockey game is waaaay better than this . Graphic wise and play wise . It boggles the mind why people would seemingly make an inferior product . What did they think - they were making a better game?Ok , they have all-star weekend . It does not do much good when the graphics suck . They are so bad it is hard to for me to even want to play it . These are supposed to be VIDEO games , not just games . VIDEO meaning they had better look good ... I swear , the only reason I bought this is because Sega does not make it 's ESPN for PC . If they did , I would never even bother with EA . At least with the last two , we got decent games . Although last year was virtually unplayable online . I asked them to give me one fro free and they refused . I did not want to buy a console because I know a new one is on the way . This time , I will get one just to play my sports games online , where I am the undisputed master -LRB- SuperbadCT -RRB- . What a shame . It 's the good thing hockey is almost as much fun.How can they make NHL 2005 look so good , but make this look like crap ... ?
 I was getting all excited for this game to be released ! I thought that this would be the love of my life ! It turns out that u need a gamepad to do the freestlye mode ! When i tried doing all star weekend i was shocked ! I performed a 360 ! but i still lost to JR , and he only did a simple tomahawk ! So that wasnt going to spoil the game for me . I tried doing the dynasty mode insted ! Whoops ! That was a waste of my whole stinken time ! In the first year as the pistons , i lost hamilton to the nuggets and i lost big ben because of a stubid injury ! I tried being another team , but then i found out that it sucked too ! There was too many unrealalistic plays ! Wow can Chirs Webber really toss an ally oop from Half Court ! I do n't think so ! If u want this game , try the demo ! but the demo might be like maddden , and not let u play a single minute of the game ! Get the demo and try it out ! I guarentee it will not be a masterpiece ! Peace out ! I am sick of Ea sports and their stubid non sense games !
 Do Not buy this game . This game sucks . It is a waste of time.It will be really easy to win if you play as a starter but If you go one level up to All-star , then you will be whooped big time . Player does not dunk good . Just look at NBA Live 2003 , it 's the best version I have played from EA Sports , I hope they make some big chanes in NBA Live 2006
 First off I have to say that I went away from my policy of buying series sports games more than once every couple of years , since there is n't very much different from one year to the next , because this game seemed to be very promising and I loved 2004 . This game was a huge disappointment . First off the big selling point , the all-star weekend with the 10,000 different dunk possibilities is useless unless you have a game pad with an analog stick , which I do n't have and one of the reasons I do n't have a console system . So you can only do about 8 or 9 different dunks -LRB- or at least I could -RRB- which gets old quickly . Second , they seemed to take a lot of the fun out of the dynasty and regular game play modes making them far too difficult for the average or sparatic player . In the dynasty mode you no longer can just sign a free agent you have to come up with far too specific and technical contract terms and wait a couple of days for the player to accept or not . I also could n't trade anyone because of cap space even when the players had the same salaries , so I was basically stuck with the same horrible team -LRB- Clippers -RRB- that I get to suffer over watching on television . They also took away one of the good parts of 2004 the power step , which they called a cheat , and now you either get called for a charge or get stripped . This is not realistic because NBA players do this all day long when going to the hoop . Another one of the big selling points was the return of the midrange jumper but they made it even harder to make easy shots . Players like Peja and Ray Lewis consistently miss open 3 's . Finally 2005 is basically the same game as 2004 with all of the good parts , mentioned above , taken out . They even have some of the same horrible commentary from 2004 . Some stuff , like how Lebron James `` has demonstrated why he could make the jump from high school to the pro 's so easily '' is taken directly from 2004 . If you have n't played NBA Live before or have n't played it for a couple of years then this is the game for you but if you like 2004 then keep playing that and wait for EA to come up with a version in a couple of years that is more original .
 I 've played the PS2 version of this , which has glitches in it that make the gameplay unbearable , but the PC version is even worse . The gameplay is choppy , and it makes you feel like your eyes are going to pop out of your head because it hurts to watch the screen . I 've never played a game I 've been so disappointed in . It 's a great game , if they could only make it run smoothly . So do n't buy this game , it 's a waste of time and money .
 This is the most sickening game ever . Ok , it has nice features like `` All star weekend '' added to entice costumers . But the most basic thing in a game - The Gameplay is awful . Cmon , what 's with the passing in this game . How difficult is it to design a game with proper passing ? if i press a combination of direction arrows , the ball should go to the nearest player in that direction . in this game it will go to every player but that one . It really gets on to your nerves . I played a whole season , every match , so that I will get used to the passing . But no , i conclude it is the game developers ' mistake , not mine . Why do n't EASPORTS just `` fire '' the programmers who developed the passing feature and try for a better game next year . I urge everyone to not to buy this game .
 This game sucks . However , if you like cheating opponents it is the game for you . It is impossible to win . The shooting and passing is defective . Do yourself a favour and do not buy this game . You will most likely buy a game controller to go a long whith it and then it will be an even bigger waste of money .
 It all ocured to me that the game nba live 2005 was going to be one of the greatest ea games ever created , right behind madden 1990 ! As u all know , the game does n't get released untill late fall ! That for one thing is an outrage ! Why ! Why is it that every fricken year the ea sports peeps release the major game systems copies earlier , but leave the computer copies to rust ! That was the first flaw in their little plan they created ! Another thing was the demo ! I just want to see what the game is like , so i try the demo . One thing i did not enjoy about downloading the game was that it took so long to download ! Just to make things worse , the demo -LRB- not the game -RRB- takes up more memory than madden 1998 and madden 1999 combined ! Now thats a piece of crap ! Now after i downloaded the demo , installed the game demo , and opened it up , what do i find ?! A simple little viedo of the game ! Ahhhh ! I was not inpressed with that at all . I am going to wait for the game to come out so i can burn another -LRB- ... -RRB- on this game . I have one thing to say for the ea crew ! Release ur games earlier ! U make me sick !
 Yes , I know it is old , but I forgot how much I hated it > . < It is the only PC basketball game that I know of , unless I have missed when ESPN 2k made the hop . Lets start from the top
 My first , and major grievance , is that the `` sliders '' have little to no effect on the gameplay . I found rebounding to be a chore , even on the lowest difficulty . The main issue is that the PC is tracking the ball , while you need to depend on a visual method , which is often inaccurate.I tested the sliders by pushing the CPU rebounding to 0 , and the user rebounding to 99 . I then upped my center 's rebounding to 99 as well , and I squeaked out a few more rebounds than the PC.However , when the difficulty is at its lowest , you can have players reach triple figures in scoring while still only getting 20-25 team rebounds per game . As for blocked shots - there are just certain centers that you do n't want to face.Yao Ming , for example , will easily rack up about 10-15 blocked shots . Most of these are , as another review stated , in ridiculous situations.The foul calls are horrendous . I was averaging a 6/1 ratio for foul calls -LRB- against me -RRB- . So after 30 fouls had been called , 24 went to the PC , 6 went to me . I have yet to see a PC run player even break the top 30 for Free Throw Attempts.The only real thing I noticed about moving the difficulty sliders was how often they 'd steal a pass . At the lower difficulties , you can pass right through traffic , where at the higher difficulties , you better make sure you have a clear passing lane.This is the kind of game you install , bang your head against the desk , then put away .
 Sigh . EA Sports has done it again ... created a basketball game that gets some things right but totally blows it on others . I guess I 'll break this thing up into catagories ... GRAPHICS
 I 'm a true footie fan and always will be , it 's the only sport around the globe that is worth watching . Oh and by the way people who call this wonderful sport soccer are people who do n't know anything about the true Football sport . I did n't actually buy this game and I never intended to but one of my friends had given me his copy which he did n't like to try . Boy was that worthless . EA sports managed over the years to bring a game for footie fans and make them enjoy it . Lately they have been trying to cheat off the Winning Eleven 7 game by Konami and it is evident in every move . No matter how hard EA will try they will never even come close to Winning Eleven 7 because they just simply do n't have Football-true engineers working on this game and they are only after the money . Speaking to a lot of people -LRB- AMERICANS to be exact -RRB- they choose graphics over true realistic gameplay that represents true Football , and that just tells me one thing that they know nothing of the sport and should not come near it in whatever way . EA had said they had corrected errors in previous games but that 's all a -LSB- ... -RSB- because players in the game still wait for the ball to come to them instead of running towards it and also EA still have n't figured out a way past their formulated way of scorring goals . A good example of that if you want to score a goal all you have to do is cross and I guarantee a goal no matter what . EA sports FIFA `` FOOTBALL '' 2005 is simply a shadow imitation of Winning Eleven 7 , and the only difference between the 2 is the graphics in EA is better and that is why I gave a 1 star . Whoever gives it more is no Footie Fan you just remember that . If you simply want good graphics then buy the game but keep in mind you are no footie fan , but if you want a realistic wonderful game you play Winning Eleven 7 which I give a 6 out of 5 . Winning Eleven 8 is coming out soon it will erase every attempt by EA to succeed in Football games .
 This game is one of the worst soccer games i have ever seen . The animation is bad . The control is even worse . I just could n't believe my eye . Eventhough FIFA 04 is n't a great game at all , it is still way better than this . Get winning 11 , if you want a great soccer game . EA is making this franchise worse , and worse every single year . I still wonder how worse next years version will be . They are really killing this franchise .
 FIFA 2005 is one of the worse FIFA games by EA sports . I love watching and playing soccer but this game is n't right . They are very inconsistant with their FIFA games year after year . I have FIFA 2004 and that was fun . I was good with FIFA 2004 , but like many reviewers say , it 's not easy to score on FIFA 2005 . Good players do n't perform the way they should and there are n't much spins to the ball . Players do n't that have , `` flexibility '' like they did with 2004 . It 's a total disappointment . When it comes to EA games , I always and only love NHL series , even though I do n't play hockey . It 's a great game . If you 're good playing NHL 2001 , you will be good with 2K2 , 2K3 and so on . But this does n't apply to FIFA . You 're good with one year , you have to adapt to the playability to the next . Hope they 're better with 2K6 . Did I mention you ca n't swap players ? That 's right , you ca n't trade all on the good players on your team . The menu music is terrible too . They get a 2-star because the graphics and the character 's look are astonishing . Other than that , no more pros.Bottomline to FIFA 2005 , do n't buy it unless you want to collect it .
 After years of some good FIFA games EA goes back to the old trick of leaving out some obvious features that should have been in the game and others that just did n't work . Then they tell you that they will be in next years game.I doubt to many people are purchasing the 2005 version but if you are please reconsider , not one of the better years for the game .
 the video has minor glitches.the ball and players move slowly.its a pain to get a goal.it just wansn ; t right.i did n't like anything in this game
 The game is junk , NFS underground the original version plays excellent with no compatability issues . This one do n't reconize a quad , and GTX 460 graphics . and it only shows the mouse and keyboard option . Definatly not worth the time to de bug this junk , i 'll just throw it away and play shift 1 or 2 .
 This game used to be great . The graphics are a little dated now -LRB- 2008 -RRB- but not brutally so . The game play was fun , the customizability of the cars is so wide it 's almost irritating , but well worth it.DOWN SIDE - EA dumped the on-line servers apparently , which was half the appeal of the game.BOTTOM LINE - If you 've never played it before and can get it really cheap , it might be worthwhile , but do n't spend serious money on it .
 Max Payne like cutscenes + GTA style gameplay = NFS : U2 suck big time . You 'll be spending a lot of time cruising the city before getting on the actual race . It 's such a drag . I literally fell asleep whileplaying it . I wonder why the developers do n't keep the mechanics of the game like the first one . My advice to them
 Let me start by saying that this game had the potential of being the GTA of all street racing games , Unfortunately this potential could not be realized due to some stupid restrictions that EA had to throw in.The idea of racing though a detailed city environment with un-lockable locations , hidden shops with hidden parts and `` out run '' races at every turn may sound fun , and it is , for a few hours . Eventually it becomes clear that this game , at least the PC version , suffers form `` game progress lock syndrome '' this is to say that one can get into a situation in the game were one cant make any progress , its more then just being stuck , in terms of moving though the levels and so on . There are several reasons for this which are as follows :1 . The main reason has to do with the AI . when you start , it seems ok in terms of difficulty , how ever it suddenly becomes almost impossible beat latter on .2 . Performance upgrades are limited and hard to unlock . The limited amount of upgrades available seems to be the main problem with this game in general . To keep up with the competition/AI , which as I said earlier is almost impossible , one must be able to upgrade the performance of his or her car . The lack of performance upgrades available in this game coupled with the difficulty in un-locking them , due to locating hard to find shops as well as tying to win enough races with what performance you have , make the game difficult to play .3 . You cant buy a car , you must unlock a place to put it in your garage . No matter how much money you make , you can not buy a car , you must unlock it buy completing a bunch of races with sponsors . This , at least as far as Im concerned , destroys the idea of owning your car and satisfaction in how you tricked it out . Also , having the ability to earn the money to go out and buy a really cool ride when ever you want . Here you must first get the sponsor , win the races and get the car or , give up one of your highly tricked out rides to get another car . You wo n't see a penny of the money you put into the car period.On top of this , like this games predecessor , there is no damage at all . Nor is there anything to fix on the older cars offered in this game , like the 1985 Toyota corolla . In fact , its shown as if this was the latest model of that car ! In fact , the game dose not even give us the years of any of the cars , come on!Finally . to much trick out . Yes it is cool to put huge subwoofers into your car or a big 21 inch screen in your trunk but , these will not get you to the finish line any faster . Infarct , in really life at least , they add weight to the car . there are some parts in the game were these come in handy , and they are cool , i just with that EA would have put more time into the performance upgrades instead.In the end , its frustrating to see a game like this go the way it did . it could have been one of the greatest game available if EA had not gotten so wrapped up in the mess of the trick-out culture and put more emphases on buying and tuning
 Ever wished you could own several high performance `` Tuner `` cars and race them on the highway and streets in your city?Need for Speed Underground 2 is an amazing simulation that starts with the purchase of a stock import and building it to a powerful racer with all of the name brand high performance goodies added as you make a name for yourself earning cash racing on the streets . With what must be thousands of options and performance tweaks your car will be unique.There is a lot of game play countless tracks winding through a 3D city plus free roaming exploration with solid car physics , spectacular particle effects , it took an adrenaline filled week to play through to the end . This is a single player racing sim that will stay on my computer for a long time.Er . . Online Play ? ... Your skill will build a win rating on the EA site and earn unique online upgrades for your car . Complex slow online browser interface , too few opponents on a track at one time . Forced to wait in the online racing `` Lobby '' at the end of each short race . CD Registration/Email locking with a central server . EA creates a password for your player name and email address + birthdate and gender . Do n't lose your password and player name Write it down . lose it and you will need a new CD . If you host a game on your machine make sure you have enough CPU power/RAM EA will make sure you do or block you until reinstall if you do n't . NFS Underground 2 is the ninth release in the series . Need for Speed Hot Pusuit 2 -LRB- 7th -RRB- is where you 'll see me online .
 The single player racing for this game is good , with decent graphics and good sound effects . However , if you want to race online , forget it . Do n't waste your money . I do n't know exactly what the problem is , but it is practically impossible to find an another player to race with online . Judging by the number of `` help me '' message posts on EA 's website , many others have the same problem . No one seems to have any answers.I bought this game to race online , as they advertised , so it 's a frustrating waste of $ 20.00 .
 i remember using my honda civic on need for speed underground 2 but unfortunately i bought the uk version and it is sucks
 This game has several loading problems that have n't been solved no matter the operating system or the requirements of your PC , the first time I played was about 4 or 5 years ago and still having the same problems at the present day with a high range PC , too bad for it because is really entertaining .
 Beware - do not waste your money on this one . I would give this ZERO stars if I could . We ordered the Mac version for my son for his birthday . He was so excited about getting this ... little did we know that this software is using an operating system that has been discontinued for at least 10 years ! When I tried to file a claim , seller would not honor it !
 The jokers sent me the expansion pack only and told me they did n't have the actual game anymore once I sent it back . Really ? are n't you supposed to check before you ship your products ? Geez
 I ordered 2 of these , one does n't work at all . The other one has an A button that sometimes acts a B button .
 The Intec Pro Mini-2 X-Box Controller is absolute garbage ! To post a review one is required to offer a rating , unfortunately the rating system does n't go low enough to properly reflect the quality of these controllers . On a scale of 1 to 5 , these rate a negative 10 ! I am a gamer with thousands of hours behind the controller , most notably with the Halo game series . While every brand of controller has it 's quirks , generally they they will perform similarly to the Microsoft OEM controller . An exception must be made for this extremely poor quality knock-off . The joysticks have no ability for subtle movement -LRB- sensitivity -RRB- , they are either moving or not , there is no in between , no matter how delicately the operator attempts to manipulate them and regardless of the level of sensitivity applied to the software settings of the controller . All of the buttons seem to have a time delay between the moment they are depressed and when they decide to activate whatever action they are intended to operate . That is ALL of the buttons , stop/start , A/B/X / Y , and the white and black buttons under the A/B/X / Y buttons . Even the triggers seem sluggish . This is assuming that any of the buttons respond at all.If you are looking for a suitable replacement to your OEM X-Box controllers , these are not it ! Do not buy these , you 'll be extremely disappointed if you do .
 I bought this for the xbox for my son since it was his first game system . Well i was very dissapointed because i orderd two of them one didnt work at all and the other one only worked for like a month then didnt work at all ... These controllers are not worth the buy at all
 I thought this would be a continuation of the Super Mario Advance 3 GBA game . It appears , however , to preceed that game and in my opinion is a lot less fun . For one thing the characters are much harder to control in this version . The levels are much shorter and the graphics are not nearly as good . If you have n't gotten Super Mario Advance 3 , I 'd strongly suggest that instead of this .
 this game is terrible did Nintendo hire George Lopez to make a flying Mario game but he was drunk do not get this extermly horrible game !
 Super Mario Advance 2 is much better ! I got Super Mario World 3 , thinking that it would be another good Mario game . It 's not ! Super Mario Advance 2 is a classical , fun , and well-made game . This almost is n't a Mario game . It does n't have Yoshi in it . Instead of getting the ability to fly by collecting a cape feather , you collect a `` super leaf '' that makes Mario grow a raccoon tail which enables him to fly . I mean , COME ON ! Also , you can not `` spin jump . '' With a spin jump , you can kill virtually any enemy in one hit . It 's just not the same ! Bottom line
 I am a big Mario fan . I thought this game was excellent .
 I never got the Super Mario Bro games . This is no exception . I do not like it . After an hour of trying to beat level two I gave up .
 It really sucks that Taget ca n't ship to Alaska . Do you think Alaska is a foreign country or something ?
 I know it was used , but it 's really in a very bad shape
 I 've already reviewed `` Super Mario Bros. 3 '' elsewhere , with both the 8-Bit NES version and the `` Super Mario All-Stars '' version . I do n't want to spend a lot of time and space on `` Super Mario Bros. 3 '' specifically , but instead focus on this port -LRB- which is based on the `` Super Mario Allstars '' version -RRB- . We all know `` Super Mario Bros. 3 '' is a classic title . So , let 's dispense with the cursory introduction of `` Super Mario Bros. 3 '' . Basically , this is just a copy and paste job from a short blurb I wrote in my 2004 review of `` Super Mario All-stars '' . `` SUPER MARIO BROTHERS 3
 Do n't get me wrong - Super Mario Bros. 3 is one of the greatest games Nintendo ever made . I remember paying an exorbitant amount of money so I could play the Japanese version before the original game was released in America - and then playing it literally all night and into the next morning . In fact , I just had fun playing it the other day on my Super Nintendo.Which leads to the question - why the heck does this cost $ 29.99 ? As far as I could tell , the only changes are some annoying random voice samples , and a few text changes that I ca n't explain -LRB- i.e. the `` cards '' that you get at the end of each level are now called something else - tiles , maybe ? -RRB- . I have a game called Mario All-Stars for my Super Nintendo . It features four full Mario games , with extensive updates to the graphics and sound of each game . Yet , if I remember correctly , that game sold for only $ 39.99 when it was brand new . The fact that Nintendo now is selling a 10-year-old game for more than $ 10 is ridiculous .
 Out of all the Mario games this is to be the worst . I mean come on you get in a suit of a frog and racoon ? This would be great for little kids from 5 and under . Everyone else stay clear .
 i recieved the game and it does not work ! my son was very upset . i am very satisfied on the time and speed of arrival but i would like an exchange at least .
 I personaly was thrilled to get the game but once I started playing it it seemed really hard and it still is frustrating to me . It seems to be getting harder so just be aware that the game is hard and not as easy as you think .
 Look people , I love Mario as much as the next guy , but all the Mario Advance games on Amazone are waaaaayyyy over priced . I do n't care if it is a classic !! $ 80.00 for Mario Brothers 3 . Holly molly I mean I could just about buy an old NES and an old copy of Mario Brothers 3 for that much ... sure I would n't be able to save during the game unlike the Game Boy Advance version , but real men do n't need to save their progress . Real men can finish the game in one sit-down am I right or am I right
 I sort of hate this game . That is because all the worlds except Grass Land are hard to beat for me . A lot of my friends beat some of the levels that I did not win yet , and that makes me jealous . I 'm supposed to be good at video games , but this one is hard to beat .
 Should have read the reviews before ordering this wheelXbox Pro Mini 2 Racing Wheel ! It 's horrible . The regular hand controller with the toggle is way better than this wheel . It is non responsive . You have to turn the wheel all the way right or all the way left to get the car to turn . There is no feather to it at all . It 's either hard right or hard left . NOT good when you 're going 140 mph . All I can do is crash off one thing then another . The only good thing about it is it looks like it would be cool . Sorry ... wish I could do more than trash the item . Hope I can get my money back ! Plus , not the one pictured . Not that it really matters !
 very cheap wheel , please spend 20 bucks more and buy the logitech one , but this is going to be my dummy wheel for display purposes .
 ever since i was about 5 years old , megaman has been my favorite videogame . I started wih megaman 7 and was instantly hooked ! As the series went on it was nearing its peek . meg man X was insanely good , great powerups , and o so much mroe to collect , as was X2 , and especially the ultra rare , 125 dollar X3 . The trnslation to the next gen consoles is usually the ultimate down fall of great side scrolling , old school shooter , and this is no exception . Megaman had some undoubtedly rough spots , what with megaman legends , and megaman 64 , things were really looking down . Then capcom graced us with megaman X4 , good ol' side scrolling fun , and megaman was good again for a brief shining moment . Then again the quality began to slip with X5 and 6 , and X7 is definately the low point.the problem with this game is that megaman was never meant to be a 3D expierience , it just doesnt work . The game has terrible controls , average graphics , and infuriates you past the point of caring anymore . Megaman should frusterate you , but before it fueled you to do better , now it just pisses you off and causes a lot of broken controllers . The megaman anniversery edition just came out , and is an excellent old school finger numbing smash ! It features behind the scenes videos , sketches , and even the original TV commercials for megaman 1 through 8 , which are available for play , plus 2 Japan only boss rush modes , try that instead , you wo n't regret it !
 I think the reviewer tkdmateo summarizes this game very nicely . Capcom 's first 3D outing for the X series probably looked good on paper , but has several critical flaws in practice.Perhaps the only three credits I can give the game are the imaginative boss battles , the overall look of the characters and stages , and the simplification of the gameplay mechanics . Capcom successfully ported the look of the X games into 3D , which was no small feat . The bosses are also generally fun to fight and sport a wide array of attacks . As far as simplification goes , by X6 the series has become cluttered on new concepts that only got in the way . X7 does away with the useless `` Nightmare System '' and the rule where you have to collect all parts of an armor prior to being able to use it.And that 's about where everything good about the game ends.The controls are very sluggish for a game of this time . The protagonists of the previous X games were lithe and agile . Here , it seems as if they have anvils tied to their oversized boots . Never does the control flow smoothly from one action to the next . Wall jumping , a trademark of the X series , is almost useless in this game , with confused level designers allowing you to do it on some surfaces , but mysteriously not others.The gameplay is broken up into 2D and 3D segments . The 2D segments essentially have the protagonists marching from left to right in a 3D environment on rails . If you think this would be anything like Mega Man , you would be sadly mistaken . Auto-aiming takes all of the fun out of the game . Couple that with auto-fire and you can literally hold the fire button down for an entire stage and do reasonably well . The 3D environment , on the other hand , benefits from the auto-aim because the camera is so fidgety . Only in some cases do the designers allow you to manually rotate the camera . And the clunky controls , as mentioned before , make these stages a bore.X7 is ultimately a game with no apparent sense of purpose . It does n't know what it wants to be , 2D or 3D , and instead winds up implementing and botching both . As a longtime fan of Mega Man , I slogged through this one , but if it were any other game , I would have given up just past the intro stage . Moreover , I would not have bought this title knowing what I know now.With the failures of X5 , X6 , and X7 , Capcom has destroyed the Mega Man X series for everyone except the hardcore fans . Let it die already .
 After dropping the pathetic bombshell that was X6 back in 2001 , Capcom finally decided it was time to take the X series to the next level . Unforunately , as if things were n't already bad enough for the series , we all know that Capcom failed to make this conversion as painless as possible , and fans had another half-baked game to add to their Mega Man X gaming collection.At first glance , Mega Man X7 has eveything one would expect from a Mega Man title . The the cel-shaded graphics are pretty nice to look at , considering X fans are used to looking at 2D sprite graphics . Beyond it 's graphical engine , however , X7 does almost everything humanly possible to ruin the rest of the experience for the gamer.To start off , the load times are way too abundant . Considering this is n't a first generation PSX2 title , and the fact that games like the PSX2 Final Fantasy 's have better graphics and faster load times , this is just unexcusable -LRB- even if the load screens do act as continue points -RRB- . Next is the horrendous english voice acting . Considering the fact Capcom conmpletely disrespected US gamers but not even bothering to add english voices to X6 , this is a little more tollerable in my book -LRB- at least they tried - I guess -RRB- . Another gripe is we 're still treated to the same still shots and text story scenes as in X5 and X6 . I though the jump to a 32-bit system to a 128-bit system would actually mean something here , but no . You 'll have to beat the game to see ending - the only VMF in the entire game , excluding the opening.Gameplay is where Mega Man X7 commits the most serious of its crimes . The 2D sections of the game play well enough , even if the auto-aim is a bit glitchy at times . 3D sections do n't even play half as well , as camera problems creep up continously , forcing players to make some jumps completely blind -LRB- do n't get me started on having to rotate the camera in conjunction to shooting in some boss fights just to see your attacker ... -RRB- . Even worse is the mass of slowdown one will experence , espcially during the boss fights , were the game slows down to a crawl . Level designs are decent , but it is pretty sad considering one can find all the hidden power-ups without much exploration -LRB- I did n't even have to consult a guide - I found everything on the first playthough -RRB- . Most Mega Man fans will probably buy Mega Man X7 reguardless of what I written above -LRB- I still bought it , and I knew what I was getting into -RRB- . Still , I remember a time when you could say you had beaten all the Mega Man X games and you could say it with pride . Unfortunately , now all it means you have played four good games and four so-so games .
 This game was just horrid ! Worst Megaman ever ! I started yawning during the beginning and middle of game . Why does Capcom even bother making an X8 ?? I did n't even finish the game . The game is very dull and not worth playing at all honestly . Capcom , you guys dissapoint me with this one and MVC3 . Very dissapointing
 I know they called the game Mega Man X , but they put too much emphasis on X. Those special weapons that you acquire get wasted quick and are not effective when they are the boss ' weakness . I love the armors that X has throughout the series , but I have to say , the armor in this game looks like the one from the first one with minor changes for looks and the abilities suck . Zero and Axl can go through the levels , but going through the bosses are going to make you pull your hair out if you have any . Then the voice acting is horrible that you wish you did n't play the game . Overall , if you 're a fan , it 's going to make you go WTF . Capcom got lazy and did n't think about their loyal fans .
 I confess , I love everything Megaman and Megaman X is my favorite game ever but I HATE this game . My first issue with this game is that I hate the new art style . It has taken away all the dark , dismal and cool look that made the originals great and replaced it with a kiddy cartoony look that makes you feel like you 're playing a power rangers game . The graphics are awful and the characters have no facial animations . The annoying alia dialogue is impossible to skip and all options automatically select NO , meaning you have to actually pay attention in order not to hear a useless comment 6 times . The cutscenes are just a bunch of stills too ! -LRB- Come on Capcom ! it 's PS2 it can handle animation ! -RRB- The voice acting and music are both wretched giving you further incentive to use this game as a Frisbee and do n't even get me started on the story . The worst problem of all though is the play control and the horrible 3D platforming . I died in this game more often due to it 's lack of depth perception than anything else . The new character , Axl is stupid , annoying , and useless and his copy shot is worthless . Zero moves like he has rusty joints and falls over whenever he gets hit , he 's also useless against the final boss so if you use him you will never beat Sigma . You have to unlock X which makes no sense and he is the only half decent character in the game . Did I mention his buster upgrade does NOTHING ?!!! If you ever see this game , smash it into a million pieces .
 this is the worst 3d megaman game I 've ever played . the camera angles suck . It is very difficult to see things . The control sucked as well . I regret buying this game .
 Where to begin on this review of one of my top 5 worst Mega Man Games of all time . Okay , for those who know nothing about the series , it 's a sub series in the Mega Man franchise . The sub-series began on the Super Nintendo -LRB- or Super Famicom in Japan -RRB- which is considered not only one of the best Mega Man games of all time but also one of the best games on the system . 2 more came out -LRB- along with Mega Man 7 and Mega Man Soccer , which is not part of the X series -RRB- and then eventually went on to the 32 bit era -LRB- Sony Playstation and Sega Saturn , as Capcom did n't care for Nintendo 's N64 console -RRB- and released X4 . The graphics were redone but were still in 2D and along with that were cinemas and voice acting . Of course we can forget about voice acting as it was still very bad . Later , in 2001 , X5 came out and the gameplay was the same but a few different things were added . X6 came out a year later and this was the final X game to come out for the PSone -LRB- Sega 's Saturn had only X4 due to being a failure -RRB- . People were displeased with X5 and X6 due to `` unupdated '' gameplay and difficulty level . Then This ... This game came out . When I first played it I was excited to play a new X game because the X games were actually my favorite games of all time . I played through this disaster and my heart was shattered into a million tiny pieces . First of all , you ca n't play as X. . . hold on a second , you ca n't play as X ! I later found out why Capcom did this and it was because it was part of the story as X did n't want to fight anymore so you play as Zero and AXL -LRB- Why did they make this character ? he sucks ! -RRB- . The gameplay was way too weird for my tastes and the boss battles were just terrible . Go on YouTube and look up the gameplay and boss battles for more info . I only played this game once but playing it just once told me to never ever play this disgrace again . Hear Me Out
 I have been playing Mega Man games since Mega Man 2 , and I must say that X7 is the worst of them all . Now , I ca n't say that it 's some kind of abomination to the series , but it 's no revolution either . Sure , it 's in 3D now , but it 's still the same old thing . I have not seen the Mega Man games change very much over the years.Yes , there have been things added , but it really all boils down to `` figure out what weapon works best against which boss and defeat him/her/it '' , and that , my friends , is not fun . And , after 15 years , you 'd think Capcom would do SOMETHING DIFFERENT . But , no ... I love the Blue Bomber , but he needs a new routine , or else , we might see that last of him in this game ...
 Since I was little , Mega Man X has always thrilled me with its constant action and original bosses . I liked being able to find armor upgrades for X and I thought Zero was cool . Capcom improved upon the series bit by bit with X2 , X3 , and X4 . But then , X5 came out . It was fun , but they tried to make the game too complicated with special upgrades and stuff . Also , the names of the bosses stopped being the same . -LRB- Duff McWhalen ??? -RRB- But still , it was fun . X6 continued making weird names for bosses , and had a crappy storyline . But it was still decent.But then , here 's where X7 comes in . Capcom tried to please fans with something new and original and fell flat on its face . I hated this game so much I sold it to Game Crazy . Here 's why
 what was CAPCOM thinking when they tried to make a mega man x game 3d ??? the thing i ALWAYS liked about the mega man x series , was it ALWAYS kept the `` traditional '' side scrolling theme ! i always liked that , they were the only ones who knew it was about game play and not 3d graphics . i put the emphasiz on `` were '' ! this is horrible , i cant believe they made it into 3d graphics . not only is it not as appealing ! , but it ALSO makes it hard to see enemies that are coming your way . thats what i LOVED about mega man x6 , it was still the traditional REAL side scroller . i cant believe they broke this `` tradition ! ''
 Never in my life have I wanted to beat an MMX game just to take it back . The control is horrendously tedious and other aspects that made the first six great translate poorly to the PS2 . Surely on his 15th birthday of all times should MegaMan have to avoid such lackluster treatment . Believe me , it looks great , but once you 've played it , the charm wears thin.In short , should 've been great . Is n't .
 Mega Man X7 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . The seventh game in a seven part series.Ever since Megaman X4 was released back in 1997 , hardcore fans of the series were impatiently waiting for Capcom to follow up on its impressive streak of solid MMX games , I being one of those fans . It took them nearly four long years to finally make MMX5 , and when they did , it received nothing but mixed reviews . While it still stayed tried and true to the classic 2D formula , there were a few changes that ended up bringing the game down , such as the lack of anime-cutscenes and a guiding feature that hindered more than helped the game . Despite these quibbles however , I felt that this game was needlessly bashed by other hardcore fans , so I stood up for it . Afterall it was still a fun game and it stuck tried and true to the classic gameplay . Same thing for MMX6 , only this one got even more criticism by the die-hard fans . I personally thought X6 was a reasonable game , though the story was bad , but once again , it delivered in challenging old-school gameplay . As a hardcore fan who is open to most games , I am willing to defend X5 and X6 to the end . However , the same can not be said about the new entry , X7 . Read on and see why the negatives outweigh the positives : POSITIVES-For the most part , THE GRAPHICS HERE ARE PRETTY GOOD . Bringing the game to the PS2 was an advantage here because it allowed the environments to be brought fully into the 3D realm with lots of detail . Not only the environments , but also the characters were animated fairly well too.-Contrary to the last couple of X games , X7 ACTUALLY SPORTS AN EXCELLENT ROCK SOUNDTRACK . Nothing real memorable , but the tunes do stay true to the earlier games.-I like the option of BEING ABLE TO SWITCH BETWEEN TWO CHARACTERS AT ANYTIME DURING A LEVEL . This helps when a certain part of a level is too difficult with one character , but the one has an easier time.-Though most of the voice acting is n't necessarily great , I thought that the voices for Zero and Signas were excellent . If you pay close attention , you can tell that the voice for Signas is the same as the voice of Alucard from Castlevania
 An onion being a maverick ? what happened to the boss selection screens we used to see where there were bosses we were scared to face first because they looked bad ? None of these bosses looked threatening and the weakest looking are actually the hardest ... -LRB- the kangaroo boss . -RRB- Capcom should 've kept it 2D and axel has no purpose . The ability to switch between characters takes away from the challenge and megaman sounds like doug funnie . Avoid !
 Mega Man X7 continues the Mega Man X series slide into ruin . It tries to improve upon the formula and that certainly is n't the best idea . A new character is introduced but that ca n't save Mega Man X7 at all.The 3-D graphics are n't that bad at all in this game . Surprisingly their pretty good . We get to watch a 3D anime scene at the start and it 's pretty cool . But that 's about as far as eye-candy goes . Without a doubt more animations and such could 've been put into the graphics.I ca n't say much for the sound . A lot of it is pretty bad and while it hits the action notes , it just does n't work . The voices -LRB- in english anyway -RRB- are very horrible . The sound effects are cool though , but that does n't mean the sound is all that great.The gameplay almost saves this game and actually gets it the two stars it deserves . The gameplay is simple , just like always . When you select to go to a level you now get to choose two of three characters . Either X , Zero or the new character Axl . You 're allowed to switch between the two characters as you like . As you might have guessed , Zero is the strongest of the three and he uses a Z-Saber -LRB- Think of a lightsaber from Star Wars if this is your first Mega Man X game -RRB- . Axl is a new character who has the ability to float in the air if need be for a short while -LRB- like Peach in Super Mario Brothers 2 -RRB- . While the gameplay is good it is quite a difficult game , like many other Mega Man X games it takes time to get used to.The story actually focuses around Zero and Axl . There really is no real plot in Mega Man X7 , it 's the same old select between eight bosses until you get to that final encounter . Short game as always.It 's about time a Mega Man game came to the PS2 but I certainly woudl n't recommend you get this one . Pass this up , it is n't even better than Mega Man X6 .
 ... dog crap.Initially , I was excited about the prospect of a PS2 Megaman game . I 'd always liked the X series because it seemed to be more mature than the the latest efforts in the original series.Not anymore!The Mavericks talk in manner that is reminscint of Megaman 8 . Remember when Clown Man said `` That was luck '' after killing him ? Now after defeating Tornado Tonion -LRB- A large onion I might add ... which is pretty dumb itself -RRB- he -LRB- and I think they used the same voice actor as with Clown Man -RRB- says `` Ohhhh !! You did n't like it !!! '' . WTF ?!!? And the new charactor Axl ... what the hell ? He 's completely useless , there was no reason for him to be in the game at all.The funnest stage is Soldier Stonekong 's , and that 's probably because it 's 2d , and done beautifully . The 3d stages are - not fun at all.More Gripes ... In this installment , you can no longer use the L1 & R2 buttons to toggle through your special weapons - and lem me tell ya , I 'm not nostalgic for the old days when you had to press the start button to select and equip said weapons.Some suggestions : Dear Capcom , Please consider the following with Megaman X8 -LRB- which we know is coming -RRB- . - Retain the 2D format like the one utilized in Soldier Stonekong 's stage where you used perspective , but it was still 2d action.-Kill the Axl charactor ... I do n't care how , just do it ! - More story would be nice , in the last two X games it seemed as though somehow we 'd find out that Dr Wily - in some incarnation - was present in the 22nd century.-Make it more MATURE , this is PS2 for crying out loud ! Have X or Zero run through the burning streets of a city in which bodies are on fire or disfigured and dispatched reploids are littering the road -LRB- Think Street Fighter 2010 -- if you can remember that far -RRB- . - Include lots of secrets . -LRB- If any of you know what Axl 's secret or giga attack is or where it can be found , post it -RRB- . That is all .
 I have been a fan of Capcom 's Megaman series since the first game on the original NES . The colorful environments , stimulating music , and inventive character design kept me interested even into recent years . After Megaman X4 however , Capcom has been getting sloppy with the series . The translation and overall production of X5 and X6 took a nose-dive , the music was n't as inspired , and the level setup/enemy design was poor . Sadly , Megaman X7 is even worse than those two games . The updated 3D graphics give the game a fresh facelift , but the hit detection , boss design , and story is just a garbled mess . The camera in the full 3D areas often obstructs the player 's view , some of the minor enemies take way too many hits to defeat , and there is n't even a sound effect when you pick up items . In short , the whole production simply feels glitchy and incomplete . The new character Axl is no redeeming factor either ... he 's a whiny brat who is meant to appeal to today 's overconfident youth . If a good Megaman game is what you want , get Megaman X4 for PS1 or one of the Megaman Zero games for Gameboy Advance instead.First the Street Fighter/VS . series drops in quality , then the sequel to Devil May Cry turns out to be a dud , and now Megaman X7 ... what 's going on , Capcom ?
 just stop with these games , they 've sucked forever , this one is just too hard and cheesy . die mega man or x or zero or whatever the main character is now .
 Kirby 's air ride is one of those games that many will only buy because it has the name `` kirby '' in it , a household name part of one of nintendos premiere franchise . While nintendo is not one of those develpers who make racing games , 3 will be coming out this year . F-Zero GX -LRB- great game -RRB- , mario kart double dash -LRB- which is getting alot of hype -RRB- and kirby 's air ride , a game that just does n't seem like it actually came out of the nintendo camp . Like nintendo could n't have possibly ok 'd a game that uses one button . But they did and to tell you the truth this game has little going for it.The game boasts of being a `` one button game '' which is basically saying we want to appeal to the younger crowd and get them involved in some of the older nintendo franchises . But after 2 days of renting the game my little brother was found playing the game , hands on the controller sleeping in front of the television set . And the 3rd day he was saying how he didnt like the game -LRB- and this is funny cause he 's at that age where anything he watches that appeals to young audiances he will like no matter what - if its bad he 'll like it , if its good he 'll like it -RRB- . This got me into playing the game . The game has terrible gameplay . Like I said before it 's a one button game meaning it takes absolutley no skill to win , just knowing when to press the A button . If you know when to press A you can win . This means that I can play the game for years and years and my little brother can come up -LRB- after not playing the game in years -RRB- and whoop me cause he knew when to press A. And this does n't just go for racing in multiplayer . In city mode you can pick up items and while picking up things -LRB- like the rocket launcher -RRB- if you pick up something it will begin a rapid fire of rockets giving you no control over where the rockets go . Why not use the Y button or the B button . This is just plain old silly , why cant you use the other 5 buttons on the GC controller to shoot a rocket , why ? why ? why?Kirby 's Air Ride does have a few things going for it . The graphics and the colors are nice and bright and the music is good but can get a little repetettive . Plus there are plenty of cool feaures ot unlock in one of the modes giving the game a decent amount of replay value . Something many kirby fans are n't used to -LRB- remember how quick it took to beat the last kirby game . -RRB- Unfortunatley kirby air ride is the first GC game to support the LAN support for a GC game . This means that if you have 4 tvs , 4 gamegubes and 4 copies of the game plus an Local area network -LRB- LAN -RRB- you can play the game with 4 of your friends . This is nice but I did say unfortunatley . Unforunatley this game is so unworthy of this feature that you 'd wish tht this feature came out on F-Zero GX or some other mutliplayer game on the GC.Kirby air ride is not one of those games you would want to buy or rent . I reccomend that no matter how old you are to not think about getting this game and staying away from it
 i give this game 2 stars ! why ? well the game has great graphics , and its really fun while bashing people -LRB- other riders . But all in all , theres no story to the game ! i mean , even fighting games have storys . All you do in this game is race or battle . But theres NO STORY ! Theres 7 or 8 race cources , but they are SUPER short . Plus the cotrols are really weird . I , personally would give it zero stars , but its because of the graphics , i give it 2
 Let me start off by saying I 'm NOT one to completely bash a game/band/movie to death and then walk away , I do try to find at least one thing positive to point out . This game was pretty terrible though in my opinion . It managed to keep me somewhat entertained for about a week . The mini games were the only kinda fun part of this game , and the courses were pretty cool , but the game got boring after a week . There 's just not much to do , but hey , that 's why I hate almost all racing games .
 This game is for little kids . It is advertised as a one button game for a reason ... little kids can play it with their eyes shut . No wonder this game has gotten such bad reviews.City mode okay , the rest just not worth it !
 This game was so lame ! This game did not have that much action . all you do is do a few laps around the land on a huge star - thats it !!! and its very hard to get weapons and attack enemies while you 're CONSTANTLY MOVING AROUND !!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME - SAVE YOUR MONEY INSTEAD !!!
 It is a complete waste of time ; you can not do anthing except for ride carts . That is it .
 Ok , this might be a good game for young kirby fans , but otherwise ... It 's basically like any other fast paced unrealistic racing games -LRB- not that they 're bad , i personally like FX -RRB- but the handling of the racing isnt smother or easy , and its almost impossible to get any of the cool weapons on the track . I still have n't mastered the controls completly . But multyplayer 's pretty fun , so this is actually a good buy if you dont have any other 2 + games , or for first timers with the gamecube . Especially for the younger kids , IF they have the intelligence to master the controls.Overall , it 's a good game , for the younger kids -LRB- 10 or under -RRB- but with anyone else older might be pushing it .
 I bought this game because I ` m a kirby fan , it ` s nothing like the other games he ` s in.It ` s a bit boring because all you do is fly around on your stupid glider.I ` d say you should n`t buy it , unless you have two people to play the game so you can race . -LRB- I ` m an only child -RRB-
 This game is simple . Too simple . All you do is you steer with the control stick , and boost with the ` A'button . Clearly , it was designed with younger audiences in mind.Kirby can also suck up enemies and copy their ability . The controls for the game are bad , and sometimes unresponsive . There are 3 modes . They are air ride -LRB- normal racing -RRB- , top ride -LRB- the camera is above and you are looking down with a bird 's eye view -RRB- , and city trial -LRB- go around for a few minutes collecting power ups . Then have a random race or battle after the timer expires -RRB- . One of them , city trial , has you running around around a virtual city collecting powerups that are pointless for a few minutes . Then you have a random battle against something or dodging something , somewhat like the ones in super monkey ball.This game may satisfy hardcore kirby fans , and younger children , but everyone else , I DO NOT reccomend this game .
 I thought this game would be cool because it had kirby in it , however this game dissappointed me in many ways . 1 . way too easy controlls the whole game is based on one frikin button , you attack , suck in ppl , use brakes , use weapons get off your vehicle , and you boost . All WITH FRIKIN A BUTTON . No offence nintendo but this has got do be the biggest let down ever from you . I mean what the heck were you thinking when you made the game a one button game what the hell.your giving gamecube a bad name . dont buy this game its horrible . Rent it first and youll see . by the way ... IM RICK JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMES FEMALE DOG !!!
 I am sorry but i was incredably dissapointed by this game.I 'll admit i 'm a kirby fan , but this game sucks!Please i beg you dontplay it , do n't look at it , do n't buy it , do n't rent it , do n't even get by it !
 kirby air ride is a pathetic atempt to earn an extra buck ! the graphics are ok but the races are waaaaaaaay to easy . stay away from this game or be the victum of KIRBY AIR-IDIS !!! thats the worst ripoff disease ever to hit videogames !!! please heed my warning gamers !!!!!!
 Let me just say of all the Nintendo franchises , Kirby has always been my favorite . Naturally last year when Nintendo announced that they had revived this game -LRB- it was on N64 but got canceled -RRB- I was very excited . So it was with that excitement I proceded to my local Blockbuster the week of it 's release to see just what the geniuses at Hal Labs had in store for me this time . Words can not express the disapointment I felt the first time I raced . I 'd heard this game was simple but this is downright retarded . Memo to Hal
 There is a reason this game gets bad reviews . Buyer Beware . Make sure you read credited reviews , they all say game is bad .
 Kirby is for babies . Kirby is dumb . I hate Kirby!All you do is ride on karts.PS Kirby is beatenable . Shadow the Hedgehog can be invisible and do chaos control -LRB- Stop Time -RRB- or chaos blast -LRB- Blow attack over 1,000,000,000 atom bombs = 1 chaos blast . The strongest bomb , you will need over 1,000,000,000,000,000 bombs to make a chaos blast -RRB- I agree those who hate this game.This is worth -50000000000000000000000000 / 5 stars
 I rented it for about 1 hour before i took it back . I really thought it was just another boring race game . There was nothing special about it . The graphics were what i expected , not bad , but not SUPERIOR . Not a must buy .
 Nintendo 's 1080 is a load of fun packed into one small package . When you consider how limited the game is ultimately , you ca n't help but feel disappointed after only a few days of game play . Nintendo could have really done something special with this game , and with the amount of time it took for the pioneer of video games -LRB- Nintendo -RRB- to release it , you 'd think there 'd be much more.The graphics of 1080 are superb , and the controls are smooth and fantastic , but the characters and levels/stages seem grimly limited . I loved playing this game . I found myself begging for more . The music element of 1080 was impressive , but that was n't enough to make up for the lack of greatness it could have been . I 'm dumbfounded by Nintendo 's lack of effort towards 1080 and the overall product release . If Nintendo was frustrated with the lack of sales this game produced , they should have given this game what it really deserved . It deserved MORE .
 If you really liked the original 1080 than forget it . At first it feels a little bit like what you remember , and then leaves you fealing bored in your video game soul . Go play the Amped series instead .
 i rented this game for a week a while back and could only stand a few hours . the game is terribly confusing and the graphics were not that great . if i were to recommend a snowboarding game , go with ssx3 .
 1080 for N64 was a phenomenal game with so much to offer . I purchased this game because I love snowboarding games , a love that began with the original . This game lacks the originality , seamless flow , and apparent intuition of the original . If you are looking for a solid snowboarding game with good controls and attainable objectives , stick with SSX Tricky or SSX 3 which are the best two snowboarding games I have played -LRB- the newest SSX , `` On Tour '' being a total letdown -RRB- . I am glad I did n't buy this right when it came out when it cost $ 60 ; I bought it for $ 15 new , which was still paying too much .
 1080 Avalanche is like half a bowl of Frosted Flakes , GRRRRRREAT but not enough ! Great graphics , great controls , great sounds , but what happened to this game 's longevity factor ? After playing for an hour , you get the feeling there 's two characters to select from , and half as many stages to explore . You do the math.The characters are well designed , but a serious lack there of makes that fact almost meaningless . The stages are superb , but once again , what good is a stage or two if there 's only a stage or two ? Nintendo distributed samples of 1080 in department stores for many months before this GameCube exclusive title was released , and from what I played , I found it a remarkable experience . When I purchased the game for $ 50 -LRB- many months ago -RRB- , it was to my surprise the game was n't worth half that . Today , 1080 Avalanche remains upwards of that price . To add injury to insult , the tricks could have been more polished . Other than that , the controls are excellent.Nintendo ca n't expect massive sales from a game that 's superior in all categories except endurance . The length of a game time and time again will prove to be its most vital element . That 's all games , one player , two player , twelve players , sports games , role playing , and everything in between.A low rating is given for a major reason . 1080 Avalanche is still half a hundred dollars since its release . A fair price would be $ 30 , but even that 's pushing it . Nintendo had a great game in the making , but mediocre stamina has left this title begging for sales . Chi-Ching !
 I love pokemon and video games -LRB- even though I am a girl -RRB- and I was so happy when this came out . I begged 4 it 4 Christmas from my grandpa but when I got it I was dissapointed . See the graphics r sweet and the poke dex -LRB- or how ever you spell it -RRB- is awsome cause u can see all the pokemon you catch but the game is kinda boring . See all you do is play you get it in the whale or birds ' mouth then you can catch pokemon by hitting these glob things on top . Yah it does ` nt sound so fun huh ? My brother and my dad end up playing it . I guess it 's more of a boy game in my opian . But it is pretty cool that it 's ruby and sapphire !
 This game is really boring . Whats the whole point of playing pinball with pokemon . I mean , you would just hit a ball and the pokemon getting hurt . And then you would be like , `` Why the heck did I buy this piece of junk ? '' So you wasted money . Also , the first pinball was better . It came with a rumble pack and this one does n'tKelly Park
 I hated this game . I mean , it 's just pinball , -LRB- my least favorite arcade game , -RRB- if you do n't like pin ball even a little bit ... this game is really not for you .
 I got this game for my Birthday and I was dissapointed . So please do n't buy it . get The Sims or something better !
 This game was not at all what I expected . Not fun and somewhat difficult to understand with poor graphics .
 I think this game is so boring . It 's more like a computer game . You ca n't even run around to get guys . Graphics are good . That 's the only good thing I can say for it . I 'm 11 years old .
 O.K , I bought this game because of what all of the other online reviewers said about it . I was very disappointed.Although it 's an interesting and original game it has some serious shortcoming . It 's almost impossible to hit the men on horseback with your bow . When you raid a castle , it 's the same level over and over again . No matter which castle you do ! The play control is extremely bad.The military campaign has some good strategy but the battle scenes themselves are horrendously bad . First off , it 's extremely difficult and Prince John inevitably defeats all of the other nobles and becomes almost impossible to defeat.I do n't think the original ATARI would boast such poor graphics during the battles . The graphics during the battles are like Intellivison or Odyssey quality -LRB- how many old-school gamers remember those -RRB- graphics . You have to see it to believe it that PS2 is capable of such poor graphics that were bad even by 1985 's standards.It 's still a fun story and the non-linear nature can be refreshing for orthodox RPG/adventure fans . The archery raids are fun if you have superb aim . Castle sieges are fun addition as well . You get a certain satisfaction watching your enemies walls crumble before your catapults.This game is worth renting but definetely DO NOT BUY IT !
 The last good NHL title from EA Sports was NHL 2003 . I played 5 or 6 full seasons with that game before moving on to other games . Then NHL 2004 came out . I played it twice and was so disgusted with everything about that game that I put it up on the book shelf and forgot about it . I told myself that NHL 2005 would be better and that EA Sports had only accidentally released a cruddy game . Well , NHL 2005 is even worse than 2004 ! My favorite part of the NHL series from EA Sports has always been the ability to create players . As others have stated , 2005 does n't have that option ... in the PC version . Strangely , the console versions of this game do have a create player functionality . Why would this not be part of the PC game ? Lame . Very , very lame.The other unfavorable reviews seem to hit all the main points , so I wo n't bother with that here . But suffice it to say that the last two NHL titles from EA Sports have simply been zero fun to play . I 'm pretty sure I 'm done with EA 's NHL titles from here on out . There are too many other decent titles out there that do seem to listen to what the gamers like and what they do n't like.EA 's slipping ... first they pawn off this awful game on it 's customers , then they release a mega-buggy Medal of Honor
 This is an average game . If graphics are your main concern , then I say go for it . I , however , wish that more time would have been spent focusing on the game rather than the details of their faces . Some detail is necessary , of course , and I commend them for their effort . But there are a lot of flaws , too many at this point for me to recommend this game to anyone . If you have the 2004 or earlier version , stick to that until they come out with a patch - a real good one . The engineers of this game seem to be concerned with trivial matters like the image of the game , spending their time promoting the image of the game rather than their time on the game . They 've perhaps hired too many advertisers . I will say that this is an enjoyable game to a certain extent . Unlike previous versions , though , I am not hooked on it . Where do you begin ? The menus are all messed up . If you have a big win in dynasty mode , there 's a newspaper clipping that says so instead of a report on who is injured , if your goalie is tired , etc. . As to injuries , often times you ca n't figure out how long your player is injured for , or players on other teams . You never seem to find out when they are healed , or when people come off cold streaks . Occasionally , and I 'm speaking about dynasty mode for all of this , the game just decides to fix your lineup to default . There are other more subtle questions I have . Such as , why , if you beat a team 9-1 , does your team then lose a few games if simulated ? Would n't they be on a roll if that happened ? I still do n't understand why they took away the ability to see who scored in a game . I enjoyed that feature from 2003 . Or why they do n't allow you play the all-star game . As to the workings of menus , they are terrible . The music , that all-important feature , keeps sending out a little tag to tell you who 's playing , because the bands are so great that we need to be reminded , and the tag blocks the buttons so you have to wait till it goes away . Moving players in your line-up is so troublesome it 's almost not worth it . There are too many more problems to go in to concerning this . As to the gameplay itself , it has it 's fair share of problems . The hitting is out of control , and do n't be fooled , an opposing play can swiftly cover many feet to knock you over . I score more goals by tip-ins than I do one-on-one with the goalie . The hovering through midcourt is silly . And why is it that it seems , and it could be me , that I always know when the computer is about to score . Your players suddenly become retarded and skate the wrong way , or just pause for a second to scratch an itch , or you suddenly ca n't make a single easy pass when before you could pass through three sets of legs . There 's too many additional problems for me to go in to . We need justice .
 NHL 2005 is anouther classic example of companies wanting to cash in on their reputation , not by putting out quality games.Lets look at the possitives of the game first , the graphics are a major improvement over the other games . The players , im most cases , look like the real person . Also the realizum has increased . No longer does a goalie stop a puck that is at the other side of the net , the goalies accually make the stops . Also bodychecking is better , in 2004 when you pushed the bodycheck button your player would put his arms out as if he was frankenstine , and if there was a player around him he would jump in to that player . In 2005 the players accually check into the boards and the biggest thing is IT LOOKS REAL!Now lets go with the cons of this game.Well the first negitive is when you open the instruction manual.Like most people I read the instruction manuals to games while the game is installing , first off its a massive 16pages long . Also it is written as if you were putting together a peice of funiture ! Button1 does this , but you got ta look up what button 1 is and it gets very confusing since there is 10 buttons just for player actions and they do different things depending on if you have the puck or if you dont . Lets move to player control now . I dont know about the rest of the world , but I would like to know what button to push to gain control of my defence men when the other team is attacking ! I have read the joke of an instruction manual 10 times and it doesnt tell you what button to push . In nhl04 you push a button and you gain control of the player closest to the puck . Now because of open ice control you push the button to switch players and you get a forward thats on the other side of the ice ! Also the button for slap shot -LRB- with the puck -RRB- is the same button for your player to lay down on the ice -LRB- with out the puck -RRB- no wonder the other team gets so many break aways , my players are all playing dead on the ice ! Menu selection . this is anouther wonderful area . Whoever desined this menu should be FIRED ! If you are selecting somthing from the menu before playing a game , there is a Trax Jukebox that tells you what song is playing in the back ground . When it opens up to tell you what the song is , it covers up the buttons that are used to select your option -LRB- ok , cancel , that kinda thing -RRB- its very annoying . Also , in the game to switch goalies , you cant quickly do it any more , you got ta go to `` change lines '' , then cycle through all your lines to your goalies , then switch them . it takes about 2-3 minutes !!! Someone really needs to tell EA sports to list the proper requirments to play the game on the box . THIS REALLY UPSET ME !!! On the box , for NHL 2005 SYSTEM REQUIREMNTS under Input it says `` Keyboard , mouse or gamepad '' to me that means you should be able to play fully with either a Keyboard and mouse or with ANY gamepad . in the instruction manual it reads -LRB- and I quote -RRB- `` Many of the controls for NHL 2005 can only be used with a gamepad featurning a ten-button , dual analog contoller '' . The reason why this upset me so much is because I DONT HAVE A TEN BUTTON DUAL ANALOG CONTROLLER and if the box told me I needed one to properly play the game , I wouldnt of bought the gameLike anouther reviewer stated , I cant even change my lines with out a dual controller.NHL 2005 is also missing one of the best parts of NHL2004 , the create your own player option . It was really fun to see myself scoring the winning goal in the stanley cup finals . But alas that is no longer possible.I personally agree with anouther person who wrote a review when he asked if anyone bata-tested this game , because it really seems like they didnt.I personally think that EA sports is putting profit above quality and that this game is better left on the shelf in the store gathering dust .
 As an avid NHL fan , I would usually decry the lack of realism as my main complain of any NHL series game . However , these complaints have often not been big ones in the past as the games have actually been fun . However , there is so much to say about NHL 2005 and what it did wrong that I am inclined to actually write a letter to EA this time , as my ten year run with the franchise may end with this version . So here it goes , why no one in the their right mind should by NLH 2005:1 -RRB- No create-a-player . Granted this is more of a novelty , but how much effort does it take to just throw it in ? Are we that lazy ? 2 -RRB- Worst menu system ever . Who designed this piece of crap . SOmetimes only the gamepad controlls it , sometimes the mouse , sometimes the keyboard . Never interchangably ? What the heck is going on ? When I edit lines I ca n't look at a list of my players until after I decide to substitute someone ? I ca n't compare players stats versus the league 's players , only my team 's ??!! I have to hit the backspace button on my keyboard to go back ? If I pause the game I can only use the in-game menu with my keyboard , no mouse ? At the end I can only use the in-game menu with my gamepad , not my keyboard OR mouse ? 3 -RRB- The controller options are horrendous . No way to manually change lines unless you have a gamepad with TWO analog sticks . How can you claim compatability with so many controllers if you ca n't CHANGE LINES with most of them . No I do n't want Matthew Barnaby in with less than a minute to go and down by one . Let me change my own freakin ' lines .4 -RRB- Defensemen are like magnets to your players . I drive in 2-1 . Suddenly The defenseman , who is two strides away , is magically sucked into my player and knocks him down . The it happens again , and again , and again .5 -RRB- If I win the cup with the penguins in Dynasty mode , I might get fired for not getting the number one draft pick , as per the owner 's requirement . What ? Are you crazy . I won the cup ! And I 'm fired ?!
 I think most of the other reviewers have touched on the main points so I 'll try to be specific . As there was no season to watch , it was nice to have some sort of hockey to watch , even if it was entirely artificial . That being said , things broke down after the initial amusement wore off.I have n't played a sports video game since I owned the EA sports hockey for the Sega Genesis -LRB- ! -RRB- , so I was expecting a steep learning curve . That was n't the case . I know enough about hockey to set up plays and learned to get the basics of passing and slap and wrist shots down on my Rumblepad controller . However , the main problem lies in the way the controller responds to your decisions . It would be intuitive to have the ` next player ' button go to a guy near the puck . Not so . It seemed to select the guy who was the least likely to have any capability of helping the play . This was my biggest complaint overall as I was swearing at the programmers of this game almost everytime I played.The longevity of this game is weakened by the fact that once you learn the basics and play a season on ` easy ' mode , you want there to be some incremental increase in difficulty . As mentioned , I had n't played a video game version of hockey in a decade but I went 80-1-0-1 with my team on easy mode . Thinking things would become more challenging on ` medium ' I set out to play . I do n't know what kind of game nerds they have programming this crap but it has no bearing in reality whatsover once you make this change . You go to hip-check someone and your hynder literally passes through the opposing player like he was Casper the ghost . You can set up pretty NHL looking plays and get 50 + shots on net and lose by 4 goals.Even in easy mode there is not even a modest nod at setting up a real power play as you are knocked down immediately upon any opposing player coming anywhere withing 10 feet of you and the other team does n't dump it down the ice but carries it unhindered . And even on easy mode , forget completely about dumping the puck in and tying up players to wrestle a shot away as there is no way in hell you will win a puck behind the opponent 's net . And finally , forget about passing to a man in front of the net , as the programmers have this impression that EVERY pass that ever goes in front of the net is immediately captured and controlled by the goalie.There are other things but the list is rather long and I can seriously nitpick all week over what I would consider errors in the way hockey is played and the way the computer version plays . As another reviewer pointed out , what you ultimately end up with is a boring game of back and forth with ridiculously slow line changes . But , at least when they show the replay you can tell just by looking at the players who they 're supposed to be . Wow.How about focusing on some reality and a sensibly tiered difficulty level next time . I say give this one a miss and try out the other hockey video games available . They could n't do much worse.PS
 Admittedly , my time on this game was limited , but I did form some impressions .1 . The game looks fantastic , period . The skating looks better , the buildings look better , the players look better .2 . I think its more playable and realistic than others give credit for . OK , so the opposing defence is aggressive ... they 're supposed to be ! Earlier versions of this game were long sessions of ` roar up the wing , cut in on goal , and score ' , which virtually never happens in the NHL . Even on easy setting that was rare .3 . Worst . Menus . Ever . It took me 45 minutes to figure out * how to start playing a game * . Seriously . And I 've played many earlier EA NHL versions . Others have commented on the ` now you use the keyboard , now you can only use the mouse , now you have to use the controller ' feature . WTF ? Totally illogical ... it looks like they gave the menu job to their pimply brand new 20 year old programmer who 'd never designed a user interface before , and told him he had to have it done in one night .4 . I resent the presense of the music , which is * obviously * some kind of marketing tie-in . It 's like being forced to watch commercials at the movie .
 Have not been able to play this game one time . some reason its not compatable with windows xp or my computer . it just collects dust .
 I vote a boycott on EA 's NHL . They obviously do n't care enough about hockey fans to bother much with the game , which is an insult . The game as a whole is too full of problems . They 've taken out so much that was good from the old versions , but added little in return . The new play-calling system - who actually uses it ? Getting fired in Dynasty Mode for not winning the Stanley Cup when you did win it the previous two years , even though you made it to the finals . Is this realistic ? The menus are obnoxious . Who cares that their faces look almost lifelike ? Who actually sits there and examines them ? Where is create-a-player mode ? Why are goalies stats always so terrible ? This is the most frustrating hockey game I 've ever played . And they do n't seem to care at all about giving us patches , at least as I can tell . And why ? Because they have no respect for hockey fans . I may be exaggerating on this some , I 'm sure they put a lot of work into this game , but it makes me so darn angry to play it . Now that I 'm calmed down , I will say they are making some progress as far as actual gameplay . But they need to figure out better what works and what does n't , and stick to what works , in the overall scheme of things .
 I waited a long time for this game . I was very excited , having played mario golf on the N64 , to have a similiar game in a handheld format . Unfortunately it did n't live up to expectations.Pros
 I was unaware that Gameboy Advance does not have as neat and updated graphics as the newer video games . This was a gift for my husband for his Nintendo DS , and he was n't too thrilled about the video game . I thought this game was the same as the old DS Mario Golf game , but it is not . It 's a shame I spent over $ 30 for this game that my husband only played a couple of times . I would not recommend this game .
 A fun strategy game overall , but has a major flaw - I ca n't stand any game that does not let you save anytime you want . I know this game allows you to save at anytime , but the game auto saves for you at the last turn , so that when you die you can not revert to where you originally saved . I know the designers of Fire Emblem did this so to make the game more challenging or `` realistic '' , so that players ca n't `` cheat '' by playing from that save point over and over again , but it actually makes the game more annoying and frustrating . If you character dies , by lets say a way to powerful and out of balanced mini boss attacking you and killing you with one shot , you have to start the whole stupid level over again.Otherwise , this game would have received 5 stars - trust me , you 'll get frustrated and annoyed the 100th time you main character dies , and you are forced to play the level over again .
 When I got Fire Emblem , I thought It would be great . I have a thing for fantasy and sword games so I was naturally drawn to it . Plus i have heard that fire emblem was a big hit in japan . I was so wrong . The graphics are medicore , although the characters are tiny on the screen . During battles , you are looking down on the characters with a birds-eye view , and they are really small . the sound was the usual cheap japanese music with a few sound effects of flying arrows and clanging swords . Talking is described with rapid beeping noises . The game play was crude and simple , but it still worked . A big downfall is once a charater is defeated , they may NEVER come back . So it gets really frustrating that i have to keep repeating the chapter over and over again to finally win the battle . Another noticable fault is the fact that you ca n't go back to redo battles . There are also no random battles either . This makes it extremely difficult to spread experience throughout your charaters . The story was about a plains dweller girl named Lyndis -LRB- or Lyn -RRB- . You meet her in the very beginning and your party expands very rapidly throughout the game . You play as a tactician and tell you r units what to do . Apparently , Lyn is heir to her kingdom called Rikea , but her greatuncle will do anything do get the king dom for himself . Each battle is a new chapter , and its gameover if one of your lords are defeated -LRB- Eliwood , Lyn , and Hector -RRB- . Graphics 3.0 Sound 2.5 Gameplay 2.5 Fun Factor 2.0 Overall , if you 're going to get a tactical strategy game , I 'd suggest Final Fantasy Tactics Advance or one of the Advance Wars games . Do n't be lured by the cool name or the awesome reputation it has earned . Fire Emblem is definitely not a good choice for the holidays .
 Remember Shining Force I and II ? Remember ? Those turn based top-down view rpgs on the Sega Mega Drive with cool characters , heaps of cool magic and detailed combat animations?Well those were classic sega games that came out a full DECADE ago . Compared to those strategy rpgs of yore , Fire Emblem -LRB- this the 7th in the series -RRB- makes NO PROGRESS WHATSOEVER.It has lacklustre character designs , an overly wordy plot , a simplistic and boring combat system , a lack of difficulty and an annoying `` support '' feature which is somehow the developers attempt at adding replay value to this game.Overall , to the utter newbie whose only prior experience with these kind of games was with Advance Wars -LRB- which is arguably a better game than this one -RRB- , Fire Emblem might seem like a solid choice . I agree , it IS a solid choice . It is also , however , a throwback of a game . A disappointing retread of gameplay that has been done bigger and better -LRB- on lower end systems I might add -RRB- . How to begin ? I will make a short comparison between this game and Shining Force II , which many of you have already played . Let me remind you that : * SFII had more exciting animations . In Fire Emblem , most of the art went to the character portraits . When it comes to the top-down graphics in battle , as well as the battle animations themselves , this game looks extremely poor for a GBA game . * SFII had more varied character designs . FE 's characters might look `` pretty '' , but are pretty much all same-ish anime fare , color-coded hair and all . * SFII had HEAPS more
 Although the tactics to this game are highly advanced , the story takes up to much of your time . It seems that you read more then you actually get to play . Also , their is no exploring outside of the story line , which means no other battles , so you have to rely on just the story mode alone to level up . The battle graphics are fun , though . The tactics are extreme , and not for the light at heart . A definite waste of $ 30 .
 the most boring game on earth you cant do any thing and there are toooooo many videos
 I purchased this ? E ? rated game for my son , and was surprised at the graphically violent nature of the introduction listed in the manual , as follows
 I hate this game . Not because its stratagy but because its completey boring . I like final fantasy , KOTOR ect . but this is just soooooooo bad I hate it . All you do is move your little person around on a map and then watch them fight eachother ... WATCH ... THATS IT !! You have NO control over who wins or loses at all there is no attack button or menu you are just watching and if your person loses there gone ... FOREVER . This is the worst game I have ever bought if you want a fun RPG go buy Final Fantasy I & II there much better . Although In the 2nd one you cant switch people in the line so thats a little odd . I like 1 better . Please unless you like crappy games do NOT buy this heck dont even take it for free . ITS THAT BAD !!
 I 'm quite computer savvy but this game was horrible to try and get going . The resolution was so bad the game would n't fit on the screen , nor could I change the settings to something to work . The support site for this product was very disappointing and useless for my issue as they had limited support info in their `` knowledgebase '' . I ca n't believe Tiger put his name on this mess . .
 First , let me start off by saying that I am no computer dummy . I have been around computers for over 20 years . It 's safe to say that I know what I am doing . Secondly , I have a very high-end , very powerful gaming computer , on which I have played many large and complicated games . I have never had one freeze up on me , EVER ! This game freezes up at least 75 % of the time . I choose a game mode , and when I go to tee off , it freezes on the loading screen . It has nothing to do with my graphics card , because I am able to practice and I have managed to play a few amateur games . However , I am now stuck , because everything that involves making money that I try to do causes the game to freeze . TW 2004 NEVER did this on my computer , and I loved that game . This game is great , when I can play it , but EA really did n't work out the kinks on this . Shame on them .
 I am a website designer in Austin , Texas and have a company named Austex Websites . I spend a lot of time in front of the computer designing websites , so when it 's time to relax I really enjoy computer golf . My favorite game is Tiger Woods 2004 . The 2004 version allows the player to start as an amateur and work all the way up to the PGA tour , with extremely realistic settings , courses and players . As a real golfer , it 's the closest I can get to the real thing . The 2005 version is just the opposite - cram packed with asanine character golfers , and with no appreciable improvement on any of the game play features of 2004 - a real waste of money . Knowing something about SEO -LRB- search engine optimization -RRB- and it 's relationship to website design , I wonder if this review will dissuade people from buying the game .
 really really disappointed with the game play and graphics blocky and un attractive charaters ...
 Let me start off by saying that I 've been a fan of the final fantsy series since FF5 . Each one has been different and had it 's own good points and bad points . As for FF Tactics Advanced , the bad far outweigh the good . Let me tell you the good points first .1 . It 's on GBA , meaning it 's portable and that you can play it anywhere at anytime .2 . Player 's are able to change jobs as in the original FF Tactics .3 . The graphics are pretty decent for a GBA game.Now for the bad1 . The Story - the story for FFTA has to be the most thoughtless and simple ones for any FF game to date . Your character is warped into an alternate dimension where the Final Fantasy video game becomes real . Your objective now is to find a way back home -LRB- how creative -RRB- . You join a clan of other characters and fight with other random clans throughout the game . You advance the plot by completing various missions . You eventually have to fight your friends from the real world who do n't want to go home and convince them to go back with you . You can basically know the whole lame story of this game before you even get halfway through the game . I wo n't spoil the ending for those of you who have n't played the game -LRB- even though there 's not much to spoil -RRB- .2 . Laws - On FFTA the game has a set number of laws in each location and a judge watching the battle to make sure no one breaks them . At times you can cleverly use these laws to bind your enemies from doing certain things . However , later on in the game the game starts placing 3 laws in effect all at once . This slows down the battles greatly and sometimes the 3 laws could be barring you from healing , using magic , or even using the fight command itself ! Sometimes they even barred me from doing dmg to animals in a battle where I was fighting 5 animals . These laws end up being more annoying than helpful especially if you 're like me and want to build characters to their max lvs and stats .3 . Lack of Sidequests - This game has a huge lack of sidequests or other alternate things to do in the game . You can accept extra missions from the Pubs but half of them do n't even allow you to fight , but rather dispatch a clan member to complete the mission for a certain amount of time . The extra missions where you can actually fight are often unrewarding and a waste of time . This game lacks a Dungeon or bonus area where enemies are stronger than the final boss like in the other FF titles -LRB- ie . Deep Dungeon of FFT , Via Infinito of FFX-2 , Research Cen . FF8 , etc. -RRB- 4 . Sound - If you 've played any FF titles before then I 'm sure you know what I mean when I say that the music on this game is weak . The tunes on the other games were so good that you would go to some areas just to hear the music and would later find yourself humming the tunes . However , on this game that is n't the case .5 . Difficulty - Square usually tries to balance the FF games . Not make them to hard but then again not to easy either . This one falls in the category with the `` kiddie game stigma '' that plagues Nintendo today . The game is far too easy for anyone who 's played and beaten the other FF titles . They made this one in order to ensure that all 6-14yr olds would be able to beat this game.Overall I would n't recommend this game to a normal RPG fan . Get this one ONLY if you feel the need to have every Final Fantasy game in your collection or if you 're not bothered by the huge number of flaws in this game -LRB- I would have listed more if I had more space -RRB- .
 I bought this game for three reasons
 So when I heard this game was coming out , I got really excited as there are few good tactics games , and the PS1 's Final Fantasy Tactics was spectacularly great . It was a mature , well written , well balanced game . The battle system was addicting , the story was engaging -LRB- patterned after the history of the war of the roses -RRB- , and the characters were mature.This is not that game.The battle system was literally the only thing that had any thought put into and because of it the new law system superimposed on the traditional tactical engine all role-playing strategy games use seemed nothing more than random annoyances than vehicle for creating more challenging battles . And with a referee in the game to watch you and pull you out of battle for X number of turns if you break the ` laws ' of the battle it trivialized the already weak storyline even further.Gone are the battle hardened warriors , wizards , generals & engineers and instead you have fluffy little cutesy animals given a humanoid form to help a little boy find his way back to his world.This game is to Final Fantasy Tactics what the 1960 's Batman movie with Adam West is to The Dark Knight , except that FFTA came after the first Tactics set the bar for all other role-playing strategy games.What a waste of money this game was.I suppose this game would be good if you 're a ten year old ... But if you want a more mature RPS try Vandal Hearts .
 I am a huge fan of the Final Fantasy series and I thoroughly enjoyed Final Fantasy Tactics for the PlayStation . This game , however , I did n't care for much . The sound and graphics were decent , but the playability was way down . In the original , you were able to rotate the camera angle to get a better view ; that feature does n't exist in this version -LRB- I suppose due to the restricted available memory -RRB- . For some reason , game designers seem to think that more complicaated means more challenging . The whole ` law ' system I think is a big downfall . You can make a game challenging without making complicated game mechanics .
 First thing
 I never thought I 'd have to post a bad review of a game in the Final Fantasy franchise , but here goes.I do n't know what the game designers were thinking with this . The `` plot '' is virtually non-existant . The game is basically a series of battles . There are no puzzles , nothing in particular to unlock except new battles , and very little sense of progress . There 's virtually nil NPC interaction and nothing to figure out . If I wanted a game that was nothing but combat , I would n't be playing FF , i 'd break out my old copy of the PC dos-based Dungeon Hack -LRB- which is exactly what it sounds like -RRB- . The laws are arbitrary . Restrictions on what kind of combat you 're allowed to engage in SHOULD make a game interesting -LRB- they at least keep you from overspecializing in , say , warriors or wizards -RRB- . But when the game arbitrarily and randomly decides `` you ca n't use weapons in this battle '' or `` you ca n't use magic in this battle '' with no real rationale , you just start to get annoyed with it . A MUCH better way of preventing over specialization is to throw the player up against a wider variety of monsters so that they MUST have multiple classes to be able to play to all the enemy 's strengths and weaknesses.I also really dislike the idea of gaining skills by equiping certain items -LRB- instead of , oh , you know , USING the skills in question ? -RRB- . The result is that you end up equipping really weak and generally useless items for longer than you conceivably would in any other game , or you end up lacking very basic skills . Both are artificially limiting.Overall , I think the game just lacks a lot of what makes the Final Fantasy franchise such a popular one , and that 's a shame , especially consider how good the original Tactics is supposed to be . This is the first time I 've ever NOT finished an FF game that I bought . Not because it was difficult , but because it was mind-numbing .
 Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a fun and addictive game ... to a point.Probably the best feature of the game is that it 's perfect for the Gameboy Advance . . or at least for frequent short play instead of long sittings . It 's quick to hop in to , does n't have a whole lot of plot for you to forget -LRB- this was kind of a downpoint , but having played the game on and off over about 3 months it 's become a good thing -RRB- , and you can make accomplishments with about 10-15 minutes of gameplay -LRB- or even save during game in a pinch -RRB- . It 's perfect for travelling.The gameplay is fun and addictive . It 's been a while since I played the Playstation original , but the classes seem better and more balanced , and more meaningful when you combine abilities . It 's a great way to kill a half hour here and a half hour there.Now the things that drag it down.The Law system is by far it 's most annoying feature . It 's basically a list of things you ca n't do in a particular battle . There are two results to breaking said law
 I do n't get why everyone is going bonkers for this game . I played for a few hours and was bored out of my mind . You spend half of the time just sitting there watching the AI monsters move around . Could n't they speed it up a little ? Move here , click Fight , fight that guy , fight that guy , ok wait wait wait wait wait wait , ok fight fight ... done . Lather , rinse , repeat . Wow , fun.And can somebody explain to me why I get to CHOOSE where towns are put on the map ? That 's just weird and is not explained at all.The graphics are pretty nice , but that 's about all I can say . I do n't care how ` deep ' the character system is , this game is boring .
 I bought this as my first official Final Fantasy game ... however , I was very disappointed . I mean the graphics and sound were excellent but all you do is battle ! You ca n't even explore lands ... you do n't even get to actually control the character except to battle and to go places on this `` overview map '' . I am a die hard RPG fan and let me say this game puts to shame the big hype everyone expected ... and degrades the true meaning and reputation of the RPG world .
 Alot of problembs with this game . The Storyline , battlestyle , movement , charachters , and play is VERY CONFUSING . I Seriously LOVED FFTactics , but this , this is just ... no . You do n't call this FF and let it go unnoticed . I used to be a dedicated FF fan , they all got booring though . Please , for everyone 's sake , do n't get hooked on the Final Fantasy series . You just waste your money and time . I suggest * Onimusha , Metal Gear Solid , or the Tenchu series * . They all have very good storylines and ALOT of in-your-face action . Anyways , FFT : A 's graphics and music are the ONLY things I liked about it . Otherwise , I just plain disliked it .
 boring . period.my scores -- 1 is worst -- 10 is bestgraphics :6.5 fun factor :2.5 plot :0.5 time killer :1
 OK , belive me i loved FFT for the playstation it was awsome , pure stradagy with battle it out battles . i knew the gba version was gunna be a lil toned down with the graphics i had no problem with that , but this !? this is a mockery ! a judge ? A JUDGE ?!!?!? WHAT KINDA JOKE IS THIS ?!!?! RULES FOR BATTLE ?! no fighting ... no spells ... no lightining , no etc. . . i still cant get over the no fighnting rule for some battles , this is a battle for CRISAKE ! with random bandits and monsters ! n there is a judge ???! a judge that tells u what u can and can not do in battle ?! n if u do disobay his laws ya go to PRISION ?! what kinda joke is this ?! i was expecting a nice battle stradgy game like the psx version , but then they threw in A JUDGE ?!?!?!?! good god that is the stupidist thing i have EVER SEEN ! i hope i can find the receit -LRB- dont know how to spell it -RRB- . my god , battle = fight , right ? then theres the no fight law for some battles ?! WHAAAAAATTTTTTT ?! I could also see how they were going for a differnt apporch in there game with using kids n stuff i thought it was cute and was redy for a nice lil story , but then came , THE JUDGE ! plus they coulda done a lil better with the equiping menu at stores like in the psx version but hey ... my recomendation is , dont buy this , if u want tactics jus get the psx version MUCH better . hope this helped .
 While I must say I am not an avid fan of Final Fantasy , in the sense that I have n't played the other games but only watched them , I would say that I am an avid RPG player and was quite anxious to play Final fantasy tactics advanced when I learned there would finally be a FF game for GBA . -LRB- I never had the luxury of playing FF on anything else because I never had playstation -RRB- However , no less than five minutes into the game , I was extremely disappointed.The battle scenes are very long , tedious , and boring , and the fact that there are laws has nothing to do with it . The game 's storyline , while at first seemed cute and interesting , quickly melted into a shallow , boring yawnfest . Now , do n't fill up my email inbox with a bunch of useless mail complaining that I do n't like your precious game , but I happen to like RPGs that actually have a continuing plot , not solely doing random missions that cost money that can not be earned by running into wild monsters like normal games.That 's another problem with this game . Where are the wild monsters ? Usually , that 's your only reliable way to get money in a game is to fight wild monsters , but at an early stage in this game , I am already being forced to sell all my held items to be able to get any further in a game that is purely not interesting.I would have to say , do n't waste your money on this game , unless you 're interested in completing boring missions that consist of long , tedious fights that stretch on for too long with too little a payoff .
 I 'm a true fan of FFT FOR PLAYSTATION ! I baught FFTA believing that it would be more developed story wise and game play than FFT ! I could n't even play it for an hour ! WHAT HAPPEN TO MY DEAR FFT !? Thats the last time I rush to a store for a game ! BUY this game if you like kiddy games ! I think I 'll resale my !
 THIS GAME HAS ONE GOOD FEATURE AND IT IS THE GRAPHICS . BUT OVERALL THIS GAME IS BAD . ALL YOU DO IS FIGHT AND NOTHIN ELSE . PLUS THE FIGHTS TAKE LIKE 20 MINUTES EACH , THAT IS WAY TO LONG .
 Slogging through this game ranks as one of the most miserable experiences of my entire life . I gave FFTA every opportunity to prove that it was worthy of the Square-Enix label , but the only thing it proved to be was a cure for insomnia . The criticisms of this game are boundless . There is absolutely no central theme . The gameplay consists of wandering from one pointless mission to another . The battle engine is mediocre at best and the childish dialogue between the androgynous characters leaves you feeling nauseated . The mere fact that the game opens with a snowball fight should have signaled that we were in trouble . This game lost all focus on the `` strategy '' and `` RPG '' aspects that should have been central . There was no exploration involved and very little intereaction with third party NPCs . The original FFT for PS1 surpassed this game in every way . I 'm quite convinced that this game served as nothing more than a disingenuous attempt to cash-in on the Final Fantasy legacy . RPG fans would be wise to avoid this waste of money and 60 + hours of your life !
 I loved the original for the playstation , but this one ... Story 2.5 / 10
 I was very disappointed with this game for several reasons . The biggest reason being that all you do is fight . If you like fight only in moderation , this game is not for you because it is all fighting . It takes forever to finish a battle , and it 's hard to play and not fun when your characters are weak . I was n't impressed with the storyline , and , as my first FF game , I expected much more from all the great things I 've heard about FF . Maybe it 's just me , but I do n't think this game was worth the money .
 I CA N'T BELIEVE INTEC MESSED UP , CAUSE I USUALLY TRUST THIS COMPANY ON ANYTHING EXTRA BUT THE TURBO SUCKS BALLS AND THE D-PAD WAS LIKE MOVING A TURD THREW YOUR MOUTH AT CONSTIPATION SPEEDS . GUYS JUST FIND ANOTHER CONTROLLER CAUSE THIS BELONGS TOO MR. RETARDED !!!
 This product is not worth any price , it is just junk . It may be the right size for your child and the turbo function is nice , but bells and whistles are useless when it LACKS BASIC FUNCTIONALITY . The sticks are shoddy and tend to jam up or worse , and the buttons are much too hard to press . I did n't even bother to return it for a refund , I just tossed it in the garbage . My kids are just going to have to wait till their hands are a little bigger .
 It has already malfunctioned . It seems they are making these too cheap , they just do n't last long at all . It is definitely for small hands but I wo n't buy it again because of it being so cheaply made .
 well ill be honest this game really is a very BAD game it is terible in fact GRAPHICS
 This game has no gore or violence or blood . This game is programming kid 's minds to believe in misticaly evil creatures like ` jigglypuff ' ! The Asian 's do know how to make great entertainment software , but this is know exception . I advise not to buy it .
 I first bought this game thinking it was going to be somewhat close to pokemon stadium . I finally got it through the mail , set it up and turned it on . What i saw was a failed over hall on the idea . There 's no rental pokemon , Elite four tower , or even a gameboy tower to put your hand held game on the big screen . You do get a single player story mode , which is kinda fun . but over all the stadium battle idea basic went out the door . This game tryed to put a shorter version of its hand held counter part on your gamecube . Its a neat idea i must say , but they seemed to have lefted it half finished . The story mode is basically you against an evil group of people . There is no wild pokemon to catch and you can only train your pokemon by battling the same trainers over and over . While I did enjoy play this game for a few hours . It did get repetitive . The game does give you a battle mode but you have to use your pokemon from ruby , sapphire , fire red , or leaf green , or your team from story mode . The game has pokemon from all past games but you can only use those four in this one . You cant trade poke from one to another like from ruby to fire red . You cant Play you gameboy games on your tv like in stadium . You only get to catch a small amount of pokemon in story mode . At the end of the day . Its a game that feels like it was halfway done , and was trying to do to many things at once . Its a fun game for your hardcore pokemon fans , but the lover of the game its a bad dream .
 beat the game in two days and there were no good pokemon .
 When I bought this game based on positive customer reviewers telling me that it was just a better Pokemon Stadium , I was stunned to find that Pokemon Colosseum is actually a huge step * down * from its N64 predecessor . Here are few examples : - Stadium allows you to play your Pokemon Gameboy games directly on the N64 -- at twice or even three times the speed , if you desire . You are not able to play your Pokemon Gameboy Advance games on Colosseum -- at all . - Stadium allows two players to directly trade pokemon with each other . Colosseum does not include this feature . - Stadium allows you to deposit and withdraw pokemon into boxes -LRB- which are stored on the game -RRB- . Colosseum does not include this feature . - Stadium allows you to categorize , index , and search your pokemon in a virtual lab . Colosseum does not include this feature . - Stadium includes several mini-games . There are none in Colosseum . - In Stadium , there is no waiting time to upload your pokemon from your game . Colosseum takes about ten seconds just to connect . -LRB- Note , too , that those connectivity devices need to be purchased separately . -RRB- - Stadium allows you to register several parties of pokemon to battle in various competitions . Colosseum allows you to register just one single party . - In Stadium , your victories earn you new pokemon . In Colosseum , your victories earn you items -- none of which are particularly useful , and most of which you have already acquired if you 've already played the Gameboy Advance games . -LRB- The only new-to-Colosseum items available are berries . -RRB- Pokemon Colosseum has just two improvents
 Pokemon Colosseum is a terrible game . It does not in the least measure up to the Pokemon Stadium games for the N64 . The menu is small and uniform , which makes it feel , quite frankly , boring.What happened to the Cups ?! No Pika , Petit , Little , Prime , Challenge , or Poke Cups are to be found in the game . Instead , all they have for you is a 100 trainer knockout challenge and Colloseum modes for level 50 and level 100 Pokemon . There is no variety anymore . Forget the mystery gifts , hall of fame , and even the kids ' corner ! I do n't know about you , but the stupids Kids ' Corner games saved me from blowing a fuse when I lost an important battle.The story mode is absolutely terrible . You play as that strange , grey-haired guy on the cover and have an annoying red-head follow you around that identifies `` shadow '' pokemon . The shadow pokemon concept is very unimaginitive . There are pokemon whose hearts have been closed . Steal them from their trainers to make them good again . Basically , its an excuse to make you use all the Pokemon you get , whether you like them or not . Everybody knows that there are quite a few Pokemon that absolutely suck in battle , and , unfortunately , you get some of them in to purify in story mode.The only good thing I see about getting this game is the fact that it is in 3-D . Finally seeing my Swampert annihilate the foe on my TV is very entertaining . But graphics alone -LRB- and even the graphics are n't a big improvement from Stadium 1 and 2 -RRB- is not a good incentive to buy an obviously sub-par game .
 We were looking forward to this for quite some time as my son and I own and love all the other Pokemon games -LRB- as well as a whole lot of others -RRB- I was a bit disappointed by some of the features ... . or lack thereof.The RPG component is fun but it would have been nice to pick from a male or female character . But I 'll be a boy if I have to.However , the multiplayer mode was very disappointing . The other games gave you the option of using your GBA or using pokemon in the game . Now we find we HAVE to use the GBA to play multiplayer . What a pain ! It takes longer to set up so quick one-on-ones are n't really possible.Also they eliminated the mini games . WHY ? We enjoyed those as a fun way of playing head-to-head . Since they removed so much -LRB- not stock pokemon for multiplayer and no mini games -RRB- it would seem they would have a lot more to offer else where -LRB- like choosing your RPG character gender -RRB- but no.So this is n't my favorite Pokemon game and certainly not my favorite Game Cube game . Shame .
 I love pokemon . I 've loved it since it came out to this very day , but Pokemon Colosseum was the only pokemon game to disapoint me . This is not your average quest to become a Pokemon master . In Colosseum , you have to steal other trainers Pokemon using a machine that you stole from your former fellow Team Snagem members . So basically , you are evil . You also have to purify the Pokemon you steel because there heart has been sealed artificially . They cant gain experience or learn attacks until they 're purified . LAME LAME LAME LAME LAME ! It made the game soooooooooo outstretched and boring , losing my interest within an hour of gameplay . You ca n't even catch wild Pokemon , and you can only save your game at a PC in a Pokemon Center . It took me an hour to figure that out.This is only the game to buy if you want to just get all of the Pokemon than trade them to your GBA Pokemon games . Do not make the mistake I did on getting this , just borrow it from a friend or something to avoid wasting money.The only good thing
 Game is good but read the fine print - if you want to play more than one player you have to buy game boys and a gamepak . Bogus !!!
 Okay , last year I pre-ordered this game and could n't wait for it to come out . I was hoping for another amazing pokemon game -LRB- I 've been playng pokemon games since red was new ... in ' 99 -RRB- I finally get the game , so I pop it in and after only a few minutes , I 'm on the brink of screaming . I was so BORED ! This game was nothing like the REAL pokemon games , like red and silver . All stratagy is completly gone , and even though I have to admit the graphics were nice , who cares ? Everytime you attacked , you had to watch some tedius little sceen play out , repeat . That was your battle . Nothing . I recomend you stay away from this game and try to get your hands on a copy of red or silver , even saphire or ruby would be good . This is n't pokemon.p.s . In response to the woman who thought a guy should follow your charactor around , think about what kind of message THAT would send * cough * gay * cough * even if they are opposet sexs , and for some reason they fall in love , they would be STRAIGHT !
 I have been a Pokemon game fan for a long time , and I was really , really looking forward to this game . As I played it , I tried to convince myself that I like it , but ... I was hoping that this would simply be a new and improved version of the Stadium Games . But you ca n't even play against other people unless they have a GameBoy Advance and a GC-GBA Link Cable ! Not to mention you have to go through the annoying process of registering your team with said cable , unlike the Stadium games where you could go through the list and choose the pokemon you wanted . Or you can use your team from the RPG mode , but you can only catch so many Pokemon in the RPG.Speaking of the Story Mode , that is where my main problem was . Maybe I 'm too old-school , but I really do n't like the double-battles nearly as much as the one-on-one . The character designs -LRB- some of them are rediculous -RRB- are n't my cup of tea , either , but the game still could have been great despite that.Maybe it 's because I thought since it was on the GameCube , there 'd be a lot more depth , but it 's just the same as the GameBoy games except 3D . Same old fixed camera angle , same bland dialogue ... Do n't get me wrong , the 3D graphics are gorgeous , and many of the Colosseums are wonderful to battle in with great music , but for some reason this game is missing something.I think that something is this
 While Colisseum 's single player element is mildly entertaining , it 's the multiplayer battle mode that has really disappointed me.Not only do you need the Colisseum game , but ALL human opponents will need to own a Game Boy Advance , a copy of Ruby or Sapphire with a saved game on it , and a link cable . There is no other way to play multiplayer.I ca n't believe the greed Nintendo is showing by forcing their customers to purchase all this unecessary hardware . A stand-alone multiplayer mode such as the one in Stadium for the N64 should 've been included . I like GBA connectivity as an * option * , but not when it 's forced down the consumers ' throat . This is a spit in the face of their customer base , IMHO .
 the product i received would not even begin to read . I 'm very upset that i waited for it to get here and then not even work . i will not be buying from this person again .
 This game is not a game that i would play it 's just like all the others you beat it then there is nothing else to do it 's the same thing walk around beat people in battles the only thing that 's diffrent is it 's in 3-D which do not get this game i got it and beat it in like 1 week
 I love pok&eacute;mon and I have bought all the games , except for pok&eacute;mon colosseum . Last christmas I bought an Xbox and I was really annoyed that Nintendo had released a pok&eacute;mon game on the gamecube and not the Xbox or PS2 . I have seen the graphics for this game and they are not the best . Personally I think the Gamecube is trash and the graphics on PS2 and Xbox are much better . I 'm not buying a Gamecube jst to play this game . I have to admit the story is quite good . Evil pok&eacute;mon are taking control of the world and you have to defeat different people and all that and you can also move around easier but I would n't my money on it . I 'm gon na wait till Nintendo release something on the Xbox . I 'm gon na play Leaf Green instead.Don ' t bother with Pok&eacute;mon Colosseum .
 Ok . Let me say this . The true beauty of the old Pokemon games was their AMAZING expandibility . For example , instead of having a set ` party ' of characters to choose from to fight , you can have almost infinite combonations of HUNDREDS of characters . And some pretty cool ones at that . When I was younger I was a HUGE pokefanatic . I loved the games and other pokemon-related things . Eventually , I FINALLY regained my senses and have been ` off ' Pokemon for years . NOW , at 16 , I had n't played a new one since Red Version . So I borrowed my friend 's Ruby Version and was really startled by just how much fun it was . I even became slightly addicted once again to the whole concept . Yay ! I loved my Mawile ! So cool ! BUT , now , as that is decently UNrelated to the subject , I will tell you about Colosseum.Colosseum ruined the Pokemon genre . I 'm not kidding . And I love the Pokemon games . BUT , this game totally ruined the main concept . CATCHING POKEMON . You ca n't do it ! You just steal `` SPECIFIC '' Pokemon from other trainers ! This does n't work for the series ! The most fun part of the games WAS catching the pokemon and WAS arranging them however you like and NOT getting specified ones and being forced to use the same terrible move OVER AND OVER again in battles JUST to get them to ` purify ' so that you can REALLY use them.Also about this game , you CA N'T EXPLORE . Pokemon was all about being a little kid running around some country trying to catch really cool Pokemon and become the ` best trainer . ' In this game , you ca n't explore . You are n't a little kid . You ca n't wander the countryside . You just ` drive ' from city to city . And you do n't even get to DO the driving.FIGHTING . Ruined . In Pokemon , there was originally one kind of fight . A one on one battle . Now in Ruby Version , they introduced the Double Battles -LSB- two pokemon against two pokemon at the same time -RSB- but they were n't the MAIN fighting . The true ` glory ' of early games was having to make decisions about your Pokemon and organizing them in such a way that you could have an advantage . In this game , you just keep both on , and ALL STRATEGY IS GONE . The originals were great , but now , it 's not even Pokemon . It 's just hitting your opponent over and over with no strategy involved . Also , the game was unique because it was different from other RPG 's -LSB- yes , pokemon is an RPG -RSB- because it was one on one . The Double Battles are a nice idea , but they do n't work . They are EXCRUTIATINGLY boring , easy , and heck , the graphics REALLY ARE N'T THAT GOOD . All the Pokemon from earlier games were just picked up out of the N64 Stadium games and just stuck in here with no improvements . And do n't be one of those `` Graphic Geeks . '' Graphics NEVER make the game . That 's why I can go back and play the original StarFox on my Super Nintendo -LSB- which sits right next to my Gamecube -RSB- , and it is still super fun.ALSO , the MULTIPLAYER IS DEAD . You must have a Game boy advance AND a Pokemon Ruby or Sapphire pack IN every game boy to even PLAY with your friends ! THAT 'S RIDICULOUS ! Look at this ! Gamecube - $ 100 . Colosseum - $ 50 -LSB- at beginning -RSB- . GBA x FOUR - $ 340 -LSB- or so -RSB- . GBA Pokemon games x FOUR - $ 120 . HOLY CRAP !! For a series MOSTLY aimed at kids , this comes to an INSANE 610 DOLLARS BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS !! AND THE MULTIPLAYER -LSB- and game -RSB- ARE DEFINITELY MORE TERRIBLE THAN GOOD !! It 's just outrageous.CONCLUSION
 The game itself is good , if you were expecting another RPG , but for those of us who wanted a Pokemon Stadium compatible with Ruby and Saphire , it is no good . The only stadium thing this game has is a battle mode ; nothing else .
 I 'm a super Pokemon fan ! I 've played more than 300 hours on my gameboy Pokemon game but I have to tell you that Colosseum sucks!I bought this game a week after it came out thinking that it would totally rock . I mean , running around in 3D , catching wild pokemon . That would be great ! But the game is totally the opposite . To warn you about this game and also to punish all the dudes who made this game , I made up my `` WHY THIS GAME SUCKS '' list .1 . NO RUNNING AROUND CATCHING POKEMON ! 2 . NO MORE MINIGAMES3 . YOU CA N'T RENT POKEMON IN `` BATTLE MODE '' -LRB- THEY CHOOSE THE POKEMON FOR YOU -RRB- 4 . YOU CA N'T WALK BETWEEN TOWNS . -LRB- IT 'S ALWAYS AS IF `` FLYING '' TO A TOWN -RRB- 5 . THE MAP IS REALY SMALL -LRB- ONLY 3 TOWNS -RRB- .6 . THE MUSIC DOES N'T EVEN MATCH THE MOOD .7 . YOU CA N'T CHOOSE YOUR GENDER .8 . CHARACTERS DO N'T SAY A `` WORD '' -LRB- THEY DO N'T SPEAK , ITS ALL READING -RRB- 9 . OH ! DID I SAY ... NO RUNNING AROUND CATCHING POKEMON ! 10 . SOME POKEMON LOOK LIKE PAPER -LRB- NO SHADOWS WHATSOEVER -RRB- 11 . BATTLES GRAPHICS TAKE TO LONG , -LRB- UP TO 20 MINUTES IN AN ALL 6 BATTLE -RRB- In conclusion , it feels as if the desingers tried to make something different , something that everyone wanted , but they forgot what made pokemon so fun . They forgot the traditional `` engine '' of the game .
 I , as a mother , CAN NOT stand this game . In story mode , you ca n't pause in the middle of something and resume later . Not only that but you have to go to a certain area to save . It always takes my son and his friends at least five minutes to stop the game . The battles ca n't be paused -LRB- with the gamecube turned off -RRB- either.I get annoyed just getting a glimps of the game . There 's some Yu-gi-oh looking guy strutting around with a lame red-headed girl on his heels . Give me a break . What kind of message are we sending here ! Why ca n't he have another boy follow him around , or better yet , let the characters be interchangable?The battles are okay . My son really seems to enjoy them . My advice . . ? Save your money , get Zelda . Your money will be much better spent .
 OK , here goes.Gameplay.You walk around , talk to people and battle them . Pretty new to the Pokemon games . That was sarcasm to the little kiddies here that gave this game a five and said `` OMG THIS IS THE BEST POKEMON GAME EVER !!! 11 ! 1one ! 1eleven '' anyway , back on topic . Then there is the battle system . Horrible , uses double pokemon in every fight . This was good in Ruby/Saph . but only because it was rare . Now it takes the strategy and fun out of the battle.SoundMusic was TERRIBLE . It started to give me a headache given the repetetiveness . It went on and on witht the same horrible sound . It IS however different in every town , I will give them credit for that , but they are all HORRIBLE.Battle sounds were decent , but what did you expect.Graphics : The pokemon looked good , the environment , and the humans , looked horrible.Story : OK , there is NO story . Its about you , taking pokemon from people . Would be good if it had an actual story . There are interesting henchmen wearing suits simmiler to a power ranger . Then there are the awsome bosses including a person with very sharp fingers , a yellow disco suit and a half red half white afro , a large man whom i can only assume is part monkey , a very strange version of princess peach , a scientist -LRB- nothing wrong with him -RRB- , and a person whom I can only assume is wearing purple spandex and a short hula skirt.Oh , and on a side note -LRB- s -RRB- : I have more proof to backup my opinion , this is what a reviewer said ... `` im a pokemon trainer but i havnt played this game yet , but my opinion would have to be that this will be the greatest game i have ever played in my life and im only 11 !!!!!!!!! `` To the kid who said he would `` Wait for NINTENDO to release something Pokemon on Xbox or PS2 '' ... Bravo.By the way , anyone who says its for kids , I am 15 -LRB- yes , old enough to have been there when pokemon red and blue were first released . Unlike half the reviewers -RRB- . I didnt enjoy it . My 9 year old brother didnt enjoy it .
 I bought this because i dont have a game boy and the old pokemon is so much better than the sinnoh trash and when i played it i found it just pressing buttons and if i could i would give it less than 1 star
 ok . well this is a terrible game . if any nerd says its fun there lying . its horrible . no multiplayer , unless u got a GBA and cord
 This game is not what I had expected . For one , the graphics suck , and to complete Pokemon Leaf Green / Fire Red pokedex , you have to beat this game , which isnt an easy takt to be done . All in all , i dont reccomend this game .
 NINTENDO 'S SADDEST ATTEMPT TO BRING A REVOLUTION TO THE GC IS RIGHT HERE . DUMB , STUPID , U NAME IT . MY RATING
 do not buy this game please do not waste your money own this when i played this game i was mad it sucks i got something and threw it at this game please dont waste your money on this game pleas do NOT
 This game kinda sucks because you do n't really have a choice of what pokemon to catch . And when you do , you have to get there heart gage down -LRB- which takes forever -RRB- and then purify it . Yeah , the graphics are cool , but the storyline is weak . Do n't waste too much money on this game . I would mark this off my Christmas or birthday list .
 Ouch . Hopin 4 a good game . Good graphics . Fun . Yea Right . Like i got that . Terrible game play . Boring , hard to catch pokemon . Why would anybod want this game . The multi player is the worst . No 2 player w/o gameboy . Worst part is u got 2 use the pokemon to get all its moves . Do n't buyit.If ur a die-hard pokemon fan , RENT FIRST . This game is a -LSB- ... -RSB- . RENT FIRST . Beleive me . IM SAVING U MONEY !!!!!! 40 BUCKS THAT U COULD USE 2 BUY SUMTHING BETTER . DO NOT BUY UNLESS U RENT IT AND LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! IM ONLY TRYING 2 SAVE U MONEY > HEAR ME OUT !! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love Pokemon but Nintendo butchers it for Colloseum , making it almost impossible to beat unless you CHEAT , which the computer does a number of times . The Colloseum modes are way too hard to beat even with your strongest Pokemon raised and bred from level 5 to 100 , you CANT BEAT THIS GAME.The only saving grace is RPG Mode , but alas that is very short lived . I miss the days of the GBA games being the only way to battle pokemon , the way not every trainer gets a Latios , or a Rayquaza , or some other UBER Pokemon on his arsenal ... no , make that EVERYBODY in colloseum has at least ONE Uber Pokemon at their disposal.This game stinks , it 's a lot more worth it to save your money for other things than waste it on Colloseum , trust me I wasted about 50-60 dollars on a guide ... the game ... and the bonus disk . Which I could 've put towards other things , please if you respect yourself , do not buy this .
 I was expecting Pokemon stadium 3 . But this is not it . What it really is , is just a new edition of the Gameboy series.I 've been a Pokemon fan since Red and Blue versions , -LRB- the first two games of the gameboy series -RRB- Liking it all . But ever since the beginning it has been winding down.Now with the new Pokemon Colosseum , it took a jump ... Down . There 's some major problems with this game like , where 's the plot ? How come you ca n't go in-between towns ? Why so little Pokemon ? Why do the bad guys look mutated ? Well I can tell you this I was very disappointed at this almost a Pokemon game
 This game is less fun than Pokemon Stadium 2 . What happened to the commentary during battles . While the graphics are generally ok , they are some pokemon that have not been rendered very well at all . Transfering pokemon between this game and the gameboy games is not easy at all . And finally the Pokemon are so soundless -LRB- as is the whole game -RRB- you might fall asleep trying to stay interested in it . As with all Pokemon games the insane level/exp points requires long hours in annoying battles to get anywhere . Will they ever create a nice Pokemon game ?
 I say stay away from this game.It was 20 dollars wasted.Only good thing i could say about it is its graphics . Ok , you have that one.but seriously . the plot is extremely cliche . i remember one part of the game where it actually TELLS you.The big deal about this game is the multiplayer . I heard it 's great when you have friends to play with , but no one I know owns this game.to be honest ... i found this game difficult too . and im talking about playing with yourself . by the second stage i quit because it became frustrating . not really , but it became boring and uninteresting .
 This is possibly the worst game I 've ever witnessed . I have no idea why Nintendo is getting hooked on this dumb idea where you must have four players to beat the game . The idea has already ruined that Legend of Zelda game . Also , the controls are so confusing to where I want to break the disc in half , which I almost did . Getting back to that four player thing , WHAT IF YOU DO N'T HAVE FOUR PEOPLE TO PLAY ?! Nintendo never thought of that and probably wo n't . I just wish that Nintendo would n't make games like that .
 From what I played , I did enjoy it . The one thing that got me so frustrated was the controls , which is why I never finished the game . I 'm glad that they have improved that for the DS sequel -LRB- Ring of Fates -RRB- . My hope for this game is that they make a Wii version and reformat the control system -LRB- like Nintendo has done for Pikmin -RRB- . Or if they made a DS version of this game too , I would be happy with that !
 First off , this game was designed explicitly for multiplayer , and if you want to utilize multiplayer you will need a GBA and GBA Link Cables for each player other than player one . Someone will have to carry the chalice as well . This game is fun , but when playing solo you are constantly reminded of how much better it would be if you had friends with you . Thanks to a gimmick this game falls far from greatness . It 's worth five bucks or less -LRB- I paid less -RRB- . For RPG afficionados it 's worth a look , but the interface is clunky and not for people who are n't already interested .
 I preordered this game and took it back a week after I got it . The story is contrived and the gameplay is unfriendly . My friends swore it was better when you played with others , but I found myself just as bored . I especially did n't like using the Gameboy Advance with it ; the GameCube controller is much more comfortable . On the plus-side , the sound and graphics are decent , but that does n't make a game , however .
 I 'd always wanted this game , but never got the gumption to buy it . I eventually purchased a used copy and was severely disappointed . as the Game Informer review says , gameplay is ` frustrating ' and the plot was completely lacking . When I played i saw no point . There was no saving the world , no powering up awesome weapons , just running around in a bubble . I expected more from a game from square .
 yeah , this game sucks various parts of a donkey 's anatomy . I advise anyone with half a functioning brain cell to avoid it like the plague ! You may ask why this game is bad well the main reason is this
 This is a bad game and when i say bad I mean It Sucks ! This game has really bad graphics compared to all the other Final Fantasies and terrible gameplay . I was expecting something really big when I heard it was coming back to Nintendo but I was wrong ! The best part about this game is creating your character at the begining . That is about all this game has to offer . You mine as well play the Super Nintendo FF ! And if you have already bought it ... I feel very sorry . . and for those of You who were thinking about buying it , I hope I have saved you .
 I was looking forward to finally having a Final Fantasy game on my Gamecube , but I was very disappointed in this game . About the only good thing is the graphics . The game itself gets repetitive , all you do is carry a bucket around year after year through the same level . Soon it 'll feel like your not getting anywhere in the game . I did n't even bother finishing the game , I gave up in the middle and moved on . Another thing is that the way the charecters move in the cutscenes are like the way the charecter in Zelda for the N64 move . I do n't even understand why Nintendo even decided to have a Final Fantasy game like this . they should have compared this to all the other Final Fantasy . So I think you should save your money and buy something worth buying .
 My bias is that from a Final Fantasy fan . Final Fantasy
 Seriously please do not buy this game . It 's literally terrible . My ex bf loved it and he was stupid and mindless , however EVERYONE ELSE hated this game . Its boring , easy and pointless . Also to have multiple players you have to have multiple game boy advances and wires . So I had to go half and half to buy game boy advances to get my 3 friends to play with me.I hated Final Fantasy assuming they were all like this until I played 9 then 7 and LOVED those , they had a story ... there is no story at all to this game it 's just stupid little battles here and there and you have to carry a chalice . I do n't think there is an end you play `` years '' and fill said chalice then restart all levels again for next year.This is only good if your a kid and ever played a video game before .
 DO NOT BE FOOLED into such logic . This is quite possibly the worst game I have played in quite some time , and definitely the ONLY one I have EVER played where the best boss strategy was -- wait for it -- standing directly in front of the boss and mashing the `` A '' button . I mashed my way through 5 hours of this game , people , and I even beat one of the bosses while eating a sandwich and not fully turning back toward the screen until I heard the myrrh tree music . Make no mistake , this is no incredible feat on my part
 this game is terrible . well , for one player , anyway . to be honest , if you do n't have at least 3 people , it 's not going to be good.if you have one person , that moogle can carry your lamp for you . if you have 2 people , one the 2 people has to carry that stupid lamp around . in other words , you have one person fighting , and one person running away from enemies because they have that STUPID LAMP IN THEIR HANDS.so with 3 , at least only 1 out of the three has to carry the stupid lamp around.but it does n't help that the game is n't that fun . it has very bad play control -LRB- it takes your guy like a whole 2 seconds to attack after pressing the button -RRB- . the graphics are pretty , but not astounding.replay ? hahahaha ! i did n't play it all the way though the first time ! who would?so yeah , get another game instead . suikoden IV and growlanser generations are out on ps2 , and they are way better .
 This game is LAME !!! It should be called Final Fantasy
 Yay , finally a ff game for the GCN . I 've been waiting a long time . But wait a minute , whats that you say . A bucket ! You carry around a bucket the whole game and you have to stay in the buckets magical ring or you lose health . Oh , did i mention its not even turn-based . In other words this is gauntlet with the name final fantasy tattooed on it . Do n't get me wrong , I love Gauntlet , but when i want a FF game , i want a final fantasy game.This is all speculation , who knows the game might still be cool -LRB- praying with all my heart -RRB- . Also , to play multiplayer you need four gba 's and four link cables . That is fantastically gay.Give us a real GCN FF game please Square , or maybe kingdom hearts -LRB- yeah right -RRB- .
 Square Soft , now Square Enix , has been known for their great Final Fantasy titles . From the first ones on the Nintendo to the more recent ones on the PS and PS2 -LRB- and now PS3 -RRB- , we 've seen great story lines combined with great graphics for the time period , as well as a great battle system.Chrystal Chronicles lacks in most of these departments . The graphics are admitedly great compared to most games on the Nintendo system . They are more geared toward a child audience rather than a fantasy audience , however.The battle system comes across very easy . If one is having difficulty , all s/he has to do is run away and come back after his/her life has filled up , giving the player no challenge during the gameplay . In addition , there is n't really anything new to the battle play , and is very similar to Kingdom Hearts on the PS2.The story line lacks intensly . Here 's what happens . You go out , collect something that looks like a drop of water , and return home after filing your jar . You do that enough times , and you 've beaten the game . It really is pathetic , and does n't deserve the Square Enix name.If you 're a young kid looking to get into the RPG Fantasy games , this game would appeal to you . It 's a decent introduction to RPG 's , but by no means is it the best . If you 've ever played an RPG before and liked it , do n't play this game .
 Though you might think this game it a fun , turn-based strategy , it 's not . It would be fun if it was longer and you did n't replay levels on the main quest . Though you easily get bored in the first few levels and vow never to play again . And all the people who wanted to preorder it ...
 Simply put , WOW . What I mean is WOW , this is a TERRIBLE game . The battle system in this game is like nothing I 've ever seen before , it 's comlete trash . And the story , that just does it . Well actually , there is n't really a story . The whole game -LRB- or at least what I 've played of it , which is n't too much , because the game never got better -RRB- is just about a group of little kids collecting special material called myrrh from myrrh trees and bringing them back to their town so they do n't die . I thought there might be some twists in the plot as the game progressed but noooo . There has been nothing more . If you consider that fun and amusing , I question your sanity . The badness -LRB- if that is a word -RRB- of this game is too much to take . If I could , I would give this game 0 stars , but unfortunatley that is not an option . I wonder what the creators of this game were thinking when they were making it . I really never thought there could be a bad final fantasy game until I played this . It is unlike any final fantasy game out there , it 's bad . It should be disowned from the final fantasy series . If you want classic and good final fantasy action , get a PS2 -LRB- I regret not getting one myself , and now I am stuck with this childish Gamecube -RRB- . Oh , and just to sum things up a bit , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . If you are looking for a good Gamecube RPG , Tales of Symphonia is where it 's at ! : -RRB-
 The game ... is too boring for me . YOU DO THE SAME CRAP OVER AND OVER AGAIN ! -LRB- And I hate repetitiveness ! Especially in games . -RRB- This was the first final fantasy game I was expecting a grand adventure where I save the world but the only thing my character was worry about is protecting her village from the stupid poisonous misama . And hate that I have to stay in a little bubble so my health does n't be effected.Here I am beating these monsters up for years -LRB- in the game -RRB- and there no progress , I 'm going in circles because I ca n't go to the same place twice after I beat it , I have to wait until a couple years pass in the game . I was getting so pissed that I gave up and threw away the game in my closet to collect dust . Then a few years pass and I looked at a video of the game and I found out there 's a freakin ' final boss ! -LRB- Which was hard for me to believe since the game does n't make it obvious or conspicuous that there was one -RRB- . The fighting gameplay , even a five year old can do it because all you do is press A.
 this game starts when you pick a character ... you can pick 8 but trust me after 1 year on the game , you 'll only ever use one of them ... you say goodbye to your family and you go off w / a moogle to fight bad guys . the point of the game is to fill up this little glass jar w / this liquid ... 3 drops fills it so you go to three stages beat the boss and get one drop for each boss . then you go back to your home town everyone lives for another year then you do it again , again , and agian ... 5,6 or 7 times . sounds fun huh ... not !!!! there is almost no story advance in the first 4 years ... . or about 7 - 10 hours . your characters only gain exp . by killing bosses so basicaly you can kill a million monsters and you wont get jack sh*t . the games has no pros other than the graphics . so if you you get this , dont expect much from this colum . the game isnt turn based , you run around the screen swinging your sword at monsters ... and wishing you had a real one so you could smash this game to pieces ... you have magic but who cares cause you dont need it ... only to heal . theres no random battles on the world map at all . now for the great challes . . i think the spelling is wrong ... the challes is the thing that collects the drops of liquid and must go where you go or you will die ... mog will carry it but he gets tired and makes you do it . . this becomes very iritating when your lost . this is what ruined the game in my opinion . the multiplayer is what the game is based on but you need gb sp and link cables to play ... very expensive !! so if want to spend a fortune , not level up , do the same thing overe and over , carry a stupid little jar around , and basicaly not have any fun , then this games for you ... enjoy !
 I convinced three friends of mine to get GBAs and link cables when Nintendo was pushing the whole connectivity thing . We all thought that a whole flurry of these GBA/GC games would come out and it would be awesome . What we got was Four Swords , a good game , and Crystal Chronicles , one of the most mediocre games I 've ever played.I 'm an old school RPG player . I was playing them before they got popularized . I remember Final Fantasy 1 and the original Dragon Warrior with very fond memories . I must have beaten each at least a dozen times . RPGs have come a long way since then , especially with the incorporation of great interactive story lines . So I expect both a challenge and some involved storyline in an RPG . Maybe that 's my problem.Crystal Chronicles is ridiculously easy . You run around and smash the A button . Sure you can do combos with people if you want , but they are completely unnecessary . There is no incentive to work together , which I feel defeats the point of having a 4 player cooperative game.Crystal Chronicles has a very basic theme . I would n't call it a storyline because there is no progression . Basically , you must collect Myrhh every season or so to prevent your town from being destroyed . That 's it . Do that for a while and you can beat the game . There 's no sense of accomplishment because you do the same thing over and over , and you never get anywhere.When this game was coming out I was expecting an epic storylined Final Fantasy game which incorporated a four player game system something like Secret of Mana with four people . What we got was a game with some pretty cut scenes and terrible gameplay , without any story at all . It reminds me a bit of the old CD-i Zelda games that Phillips released . Those were slightly worse than this game.Do not buy . If you have four GBAs , I recommend picking up Nintendo 's Four Swords instead .
 Well as many already know FF : CC strays away from the style of the current and older final fantasy games.Which i think is horrible because they changed what we all know and love about are Final fantasy games.But ill be fair and list the pros and cons of this game.Pros
 as another revier said ninteno felt the need to be different all i can say to that is WHY i have played every f.f. game aside from the online edtions with zero problems and this one i cant because you need both hands very disapointing i could do the reglar battles ok but i got to a boss instant death bah
 I bought this to play on my new Wii because I never did buy a gamecube , and man was I ever let down . I have a SNES system pretty much just for the original mariokart . It 's great , it 's something that challenges everyone and can be enjoyed by kids and adults . Double dash is so infantile it sickens me ! The battlemode options are terrible ! Who wants to play on top of a gamecube ? That 's the most uninspired thing I 've ever seen ! And other venues such as cookie land ? I wanted to see sequels to the original , advances in the game but the same basic concept . This game is for kids much like the N64 version , look toward the gameboy DS for a better mariokart . A serious let down . If you liked the original at least rent it before you buy it just to see if I 'm telling the truth here .
 The disk came very scratched up !! It would NOT READ or PLAY ! It was a real disappointment for my 9yo birthday gift . I an unable to post what I really think about this issue . Censorship and protecting the seller from bad reviews
 Mario Kart
 There 's really nothing wrong with this game , except for the fact that it sucks . Actually , by itself it 's not too bad , until you compare it with it 's predecessors . It 's worse than Mario Kart 64 , in so many ways . The worst is , the tracks are just plain to small . That takes a lot of the fun out of multiplayer , which is pretty significant since that 's what the game is really designed for . Another major problem is the level of difficulty on the single player coupled with all the junk you need to unlock . Most of us do n't have the time to spend 200 hours unlocking stuff , and yet we want it unlocked to use in multiplayer . I 'm by no means a novice to racing games . I 've spent many , many hours on MK64 , as well as all of the Need for Speed series - I beat Porsche Unleashed quite a few times and Underground once -LRB- a game which , by the way , is even more pathetic -RRB- . But I finally gave up trying to unlock the stuff on Double Dash after nearly driving myself mad . Another major problem is the changes they made to how the items work . They should have left the items the way they were on 64 . Sliding on a banana peel makes sense , but crashing into one ?! WTH ?? That 's just so lame , and the red and green shells are pathetic . And while Double Dash does have slightly better graphics , the difference is not significant . That 's because with game consoles , the TV screen is the limiting factor , not the console.In summary , if I had tested this game before buying , it would still be at the store . I have to give Mario Kart 64 a significantly higher fun factor .
 ... on the Nintendo 64 . - Is there $ 50 worth of additions ? No . - Is there $ 50 worth of better graphics ? No . - Is there $ 50 worth of new characters ? No . - Is there $ 50 worth of new gameplay ? No . - Is two characters in one cart worth $ 50 ? No . - Is GC broadband compatibility worth $ 50 ? No.Face it , this game is not a sequel , it 's an expansion pack . Moreover , single player is no fun at all . Has our society become so blind that we spend money on games that WE ALREADY HAVE all the while there are people in other countries who are STARVING ? I mean , give me a break , donate $ 50 to a worthwhile charity and play the N64 version for crying out loud .
 If you think Madden does n't change , play this game . The one player competes with DOA for the title of most shallow . Where the hell is create-a-kart , a FULL career or something to give you something new to do . In terms of multiplayer , SO MUCH wasted potential . Where are the bots and level designs ? Get diddy kong racing on the 64 , trust me .
 The video game did not work . We sent it back . We will not purchase a game from this site again . Easy return policy thus far ; however , have not had our account credit applied
 I 've attempted on so many occasions to play this game and to force myself to like it . I CAN NOT . The fun factor just is n't there for me . I sit there driving around bored the whole time . And then there 's the music ... WTF is with the `` music '' in this game !? Not only is it not good , it 's actually BAD . It 's downright annoying and painful like someone just randomly strung a bunch of notes together and called it a day . I honestly ca n't get over how terrible it is . There 's also so much crap in the peripherals of the screen that you can barely see half the course ! I wish they 'd give you the option to turn that stuff OFF . The only reason I 'm giving this two stars instead of one is because some of the levels have nice graphics . But who cares ! Anyone want to buy a used Double Dash game ?
 I 'm pretty used to Nintendo games now . I 've been playing them for far too many years . Just when they released Mario Sunshine they get the difficulty just right . Unfortunately they did n't make the game last . Sure I could get all the blue coins but why bother ? The game was TOO SHORT.Nintendo are getting in the habit of releasing these short games and Mario Kart Double Dash is no exception . You really got the feeling they put the effort into Mario Kart 64 but this just looks like a 3D/cel-shading mix up.But lets not concentrate soully on the graphics . The gameplay . No online gaming . It was amazing how many people were outraged when they heard there was going to be no online gaming . Playing it with your friends will only last so long before they go home . There 's no challenge when you 're playing the CPU . The game would have lasted so much longer if it was online.The tracks are a bit more intresting then Mario 64 . There are pipes with flat piranha plants , there are flat balls of fire , there is a sphere chomp . Oh wait ... the sphere chomp was also in the N64 game . Oh how technology has advanced!The game is boring . You start it , you finish it . And all for fifty notes . So what ? Wait a year until it 's in the bargin bin . Maybe half a year . If this was a report card to Nintendo I 'd write in red ink , `` unoriginal '' and `` must try harder ! '' I expected so much from Mario Sunshine but now I 've learnt better from it . Come on Nintendo , give us a long game for once that is n't on the Game Boy Advance . PLEASE !!!
 ok , i wanted to like this game . i almost liked it for about 1 minute , and then it got sooooo boring . i was ready to return it after 5 minutes . PLEASE dont get this game if you dont like boredom .
 I can not submit a review since the seller sent the wrong game . Although I returned wrong game in plenty of time for ordered game to be put under Christmas tree , it did not happen . Took quite a few emails to get refund and was n't refunded the return postage as promised . This caused me to order books from overstock.com rather than Amazon.com for birthday present .
 Dont even rent Mario Kart
 Package came on time but the game can not be read by my gamecube . There is a minor scratch on the disc and I 'm assuming this is the issue . Pretty angry about this ...
 I think anyone who is considering to buy this game should know this first.This game doesnt break any new ground , neither graphics or sound fx . The duo tag-team option is new but not great . There are GC games out there , even kids games that look and sound a little better . Cel shading would have been nice . This game is n't . The unreasonable difficulty towards the later parts is the main reason why this game fails when compared to Mario Kart 64.1 . It does not have the option to replay the course you failed in . Therefore you are forced to replay the entire cup of 4 courses . Although the game designers might have thought this would make it more difficult , yes it does make it more difficult but I think it 's not a good move to piss off your consumers . Mario Kart 64 had the option to replay the course .2 . The computer karts can move faster than what is technically possible in this game . Therefore whoever you are handling will have a disadvantage against the computer . Their ability to turbo boost reminds me of the power of using game cheating devices except you , the human player is up against a bunch of cheaters controlled by a computer.That is a major disadvantage and a turn-off . You either have to buy your own action replay or gameshark or use 4 controllers to control up to 4 karts of 8 characters leaving the rest to the computer , increasing the odds of you winning - but sadly that option is not available in this game . You can only control 2 karts up to 4 characters.I think the game designers mistook '' a difficult game '' for '' a great game '' . Granted that difficulty makes a game more challenging and replayable , Mario Kart
 Having played Mario Kart
 Being a huge fan of the Super Nintendo and N64 versions I was sure to reserve a copy of this game when it came out.However , I soon discovered that while the tracks , graphics , and extras are great , the controls and driving engine are TERRIBLE.Racers familiar to the N64 version will feel like they are driving a school bus on ice when playing this game . The system of power sliding is completely ruined.Definitely rent this game first , and if you must buy it , at least do yourself a favor and play the N64 version so that you know what you 're missing .
 I got this game for christmas and i was really really really dissapionted . The levels are so small and boring and i would say that the graphics are even worse than the old N64 version . The two person karts in the game have no effect at all on the excitment of the game . Even the battle levels are extremely small . If u wan na play a mario kart game then just play the N64 version cus this version is the worst game for gamecube yet . There is no challenge in the game at all . If i could i would burn all the mario kart double dash copies in the world , so no one would be exposed to such a crappy game . Good think i got a gift card for $ 250 dollars to bestbuy so i can buy me a REAL game that 's actually FUN !
 This game is terrible . The difference in difficulties is way too drastic , you either win 16-0 or every game is 0-0 . Also when on offense you can not manuver through tackles , either you avoid the defense or you do n't score . If you like to look at pretty stadiums then buy this game if you want a good game go for Winning Elevin 6 or 7 .
 this game sucks . it 's so unrealistic . there are specific locations on the field and you know that 9 out of 10 times you are going to score from these locations . also after a member of your team passes the ball he stops for like a second ; so if it was a bad pass and your opponent intercepts the ball , you can not use that guy to get the ball back from him . there are so many small things like this that are so annoying . another example
 I absolutely loved FIFA 2003 and was eagerly anticipating this one , all I can say is , what were they thinking ?? The single aspect of this that drives me F*@%ING crazy is player speed , it is considerably slower than ' 2003 , and has literally ruined this game for me , the players look as though they are out for a jog in the park ! the smartest decision I made was to rent it first . EA , get your act together !!
 EA Sports completely ruined the Fifa series , apart from adding the new online gaming choice , it still does n't change the fact that EA bringing out this shameful follow up to the previous greats can be congratulated . Overall , fifa 2004 has lost a total of 4.5 points from 10 , but Fifa 2003 has lost just 1 point from 10 . Graphics
 This game sucks big time and here are the reasons
 I dont like fifa very much because is n`t like a real soccer game , i like more winning eleven 7 or winning eleven 8 -LRB- japane version -RRB- winning eleven is best than fifa i alot of aspects expept in graphics
 Bad , bad , bad . Not worth the money . It seems that each edition of FIFA is worse than its predecessor . EA Sports should focus on game-play and graphics rather than on graphics alone . In FIFA 2004 the players are sluggish , the passes slow , and the off-the-ball command is horrible . On top of that , the online version of the game does n't work properly . All together , I 'd say that the release of FIFA 2004 was a big disappointment , which is very sad .
 awful and but good for kids under 9
 I was scratching my head last year why EA changed the sprint control from the triangle to the R1 , and then I played Winning Eleven 6 , and it hit me . Electronic Arts have been playing catch up since Konami came out with the Pro-Evolution/Winning Eleven series . What amazes me is that there are still people giving good reviews to the Fifa series ? Just a word of advice , pick up a baseball bat and stop kidding yourselves . What 's wrong with 2004 you ask ? Everything ! This is not futbol , futebol , soccer , calcio or anything remotely near it . I learned my lesson after buying Fifa 2003 without even playing it first . This year I rented 2004 and I returned it the same day . The Fifa series is a bad cancer for futbol . It alters the perception of the public of what the game is truly about just so it can be marketable in the US . Just like when FIFA tried to incorporate the timeout just so they can fit in those 3 minute commercial spots . Can you even imagine they experimented with it in Brazil ? Well I 'm through experimenting with the Fifa series form EA . I just hope somebody from EA reads this review and comments it on their next creative meeting . ` Where did we go wrong ? ' they would ask themselves . Simple , you never listened to your customers .
 I do n't think this game even deserves one star . This is by the far the worst soccer game I have EVER played in my life . The controls get worse every year , the gameplay slows down every year , the realism was non-existant 5 years ago in FIFA and ceases to exist now . Everyone who gave this game 4 or 5 stars know absolutely NOTHING about soccer . This is the last time I have bought an EA soccer game . I wish I lived in Europe where they have a lot more realistic soccer -LRB- football -RRB- games . Europeans rule ! If they were the ones behind the production of this game , I gaurantee that it would be a masterpiece . I 'm getting rid of this nonsense tomorrow .
 I 've owned and played every EA sports Fifa game so far and every year you would expect major improvements over the previous version . The 2003 version was a major disappointment over the 2002 edition which was vastly improved over its prevous edition . So my expectations of 2004 were very high . One of the major disappointments of 2003 were the ommission of many international teams like the international power house , the NETHERLANDS , plus the aggrevating fact that you could n't play the world cup as a tournament put another damper on the fun . Unfortunately EA sports has done it again . How could they include teams like Tunisia , Greece and Australia and exlude Holland ?? And again , you ca n't play the world cup . As far as the game play , needless to say there are major improvements over 2003 , but still the realistic feel is not perfected . One of the more annoying aspects is when dribbling on offense , ball control is something you ca n't very much control ... when you attempt to pass while dribbling , there 's a delay in the pass where you can totally miss the intended target . I have n't practiced the new off ball controls yet , but the feature looks promising . Overall it 's better than 2003 , but i think I 'm also going to try Konami 's Winning Eleven 6 or 7 as i 've read good reviews about it .
 After the progress of 2003 , this is a big letdown . Let me count the ways :1 . Career mode , which I find a waste of time anyway , is the only way you can play a league .2 . The game speed is far too slow .3 . Scoring goals is far too difficult -LRB- for both human and CPU -RRB- because the game leans WAY too much towards defending . For example , it 's impossible to make a simple pass without it being deflected , and once that happens the attack is basically over . Also , there is only one ineffective skill move .4 . There are hardly any new features worth using . Career mode is tedious , user profiles are pointless , and off-the-ball control is time-consuming without helping you a whole lot .5 . The new set-piece system is ridiculous . The ball always travels slowly and way up in the air , so you can only score when you 're right in front of goal . And why the heck ca n't you take a short corner ? 6 . Changing tactics -LRB- attack-defend-neutral -RRB- results in mass confusion as some players suddenly take up completely different positions .7 . Player graphics look a bit cartoonish and waxy.These are just some of the negatives in what can only be considered a failure by EA to deliver on its glorious promises
 Absolutely no gameplay and its also unrealistic . U cant even see the goalscoringleague . nobody would have bought this game if they hadnt have the licenz -LRB- real players , Match dresses -RRB- . Buy Pro Evolution soccer 3 instead that is a real Footballgame
 the FIFA games feel more awkward to use with each succeeding year . The controls are more difficult to use and the abilities to score and run are almost impossible.Kicking free kicks near to the opponents goal end up with the ball heading into the stands rather than near the goalWhere o where are the international teams ? Not all of us want to play only club matches
 FIFA has always had a more arcade like game-play to it . It 's just with fifa 2003 that it 's been trying to play more like real soccer . That said , I cant help but notice that FIFA looks like they 're scrambling to catch up to Konomi 's european WINNING ELEVEN series now that they finally made it available here in the USA . Unfortunatly , even though FIFA has all the nice flash , Winning Eleven 6 still has the substance ! Now that Winning Eleven 7 is due out this month , and at a 10 $ price difference , I see DOOM written all over the FIFA series !!!!
 this is a real step backwards from the 2003 version , which was tough , but manageable . I do n't mind difficulty , but the difficulty is n't realistic . Scoring should be harder than it was in 2003 , but I ca n't figure out how I can have Ronaldo with 2 steps on a 3rd division defender and get caught from behind every time . The `` freestyle '' move is worthless , so you 've got the greatest stars in the world and no ability to beat a lead-footed defender one on one . Off the ball control is unusable , as by the time you coordinate everything , you 've surely lost the ball . The career mode is way too involved for someone who just wants to play a season and I ca n't imagine why FIFA ca n't have a World Cup or Champions League-type tournament . I 'm sorely disappointed . No wonder Americans hate soccer - they 've managed to even make its video game boring .
 I bought the game mostly for the online play . I thought that would be in itself a good enough reason to buy it . Since over the years I have enjoyed playing FIFA from EASports . Saying that , the online experice stinks . Hard to connect to players , there 's always a lag , and it seems that EASports does n't care about it 's customers when it comes to the FIFA game . It seems that this problem also affected Tiger Woods golf , but it was fixed right away.I 'm also a fan of Winning 11 , and now more then ever . Ca n't wait for the latest version coming our next year in the States . And will no longer buy FIFA from EAsports . I 've been a fan since the beginning , and will no longer be since they do n't care about me .
 I have been a fifa player since 98 and must say without a doubt that this is the worst version yet . The controls are so slow I thought there was something wrong with the game . The players are not responsive as in 03 . The crowds are great , the graphics are cool , practice mode is long over do . I bought this game on blind faith because ea has never let me down . I am very disappointed with this version and am getting rid of it ASAP . I was really trying to like it but could n't . It 's like they rushed it out without proper testing . There is no flow to the game , the players seem like they are stuck in mud . Do n't waste your money on this game , 2003 is still the best version yet .
 As long as games such as winning eleven 6 -LRB- or in europe
 TuxtucisGood :1 - Free kicks are real as they are never been before in the series .2 - The presence of Portuguese and Dutch championships .3 - The presence of the minor divisions of the most important European championships -LRB- but ... see bad n. 6 -RRB- . Bad :1 - The game is too big . 64 megabytes ? The game often crash in my 256 megabytes portable PC ! 2 - We can not create personal tournaments
 The gameplay is not what I anticipated . Especially with three of some of my favorite players in the world on the cover and with Madden '04 being better than Madden ' 03 , i expected something better than at least any Fifa game before ' 03 . I mean EA Sports could 've came out with soccer game more fun to play . I guess I 'll stick to '03 which is more user friendly .
 I must say , FIFA 2004 is THE most disappointing game of the FIFA series I 've played thus far.Granted , the graphics and gameplay have seen great improvement , but what I can not comprehend is why FIFA 2004 appears to be going back in time . I mean , FIFA 2003 had a `` create a team '' option which is ominously missing in this `` new and improved '' game . Further , THERE ARE NO INTERNATIONAL COMPETITION . For Pete 's sake , Super Nintendo 's FIFA '98 even had the CONCACAF World Cup Qualification ` tournaments ' . FIFA 2004 has none ; not even a World Cup . Also , the developers were absolutely obsessed with club teams ; they added dozens of teams from Austria and Korea yet they only put in less than 20 international teams.To make things worse , they managed to leave out international teams like Japan , Holland , Colombia , Romania , Ireland , Thailand , Iran , and Bulgaria . At this rate , they 'll probably forget to add Uruguay and Belgium for FIFA 2005 . Also , the refereeing is highly unpredictable . In FIFA 2002 , you could actually choose the referee 's strictness.The game could also use more stats and game options . Whats odd is that previous versions of FIFA have actually had more options to tweek with . FIFA 2004 is pretty dry.In short , buy this game only if you want a graphics update and do n't mind not being able to play international tournaments .
 What they produce it 's not soccer !!! , I bought fifa 2004 just for the online play , -LRB- another disappointment the online gameplay -RRB- but just like others fifa 's games , a complete dissapoint . It 's seems like your game it 's a merge of soccer and NFL , NOT soccer at all . Everyone who played real soccer ... at least once in it 's life , could tell you that fifa series it 's not soccer , or it 's what EA team think soccer it 's . . or should be , but not way of play . Fifa have good grafics , but you do n't feel the emotion of the soccer seen graphics , soccer it 's passion , not graphics and tactics of NFL games . I wo n't purchase any fifa game ever ! . See what Winning eleven 6 or 7 does , or Word tour soccer 2005 does whith the gameplay .
 If i were one of the programmers for this game , i would be embarrassed . EA ought to feel that way for putting out a game that is still in development.There are numerous programming deficiencies . - in career mode , player ratings can change from screen to screen - in career mode , you ca n't save the game at the end of a season until after you 've gone through the preseason training and acquisitions - It is practically impossible to sell players in career mode ; if you can and the player is good , you wo n't ever get their value - prestige points you win for winning the FA cup , League cup , and EFA Cup do n't transfer over to prestige points during the seasonAND THE WORST ASPECT OF THE GAME PLAY - there is no free control over players . If you 're losing a game and want to get a red card , you ca n't control a player to go and slide tackle the opposing goalie ... it 's an extreme example , but the computer has too much control over game play.Perhaps if EA had an option to turn on/off computer assisted play it would be better - however , that would require competent programmers .
 and another attempt by EA to take our money wowing us with eye candy while trying to slip by us the fact that this is essentially the same garbage as last year . Off the ball control is unusable and a joke , there is no difference neither among players nor among teams , as you can take on Real Madrid with Yeovil and dominate , for example . Avoid and buy Winning Eleven 7 instead . It 's coming out shortly and will blow this garbage out of the water .
 I hesitate to give this game even 1 star . It is absolute rubbish ! I 've wasted another $ 50.00 . After a decent rendering in 2003 , EA has regressed big time ! The gameplay is SLOW and unrealistic , you can not create tournaments , you can not play anything but friendlies as international teams ... the list goes on !
 I would have given it zero stars but that was not an option.The graphics are similar to Atari 2600 soccer ! Seriously . Hello !!! This is 2004 . The 2002 game is about 400 % better and I am not kidding . I 'm returning this game for my money back . The menus are terrible , as many other reviewers have said . I should have listened . Notice how the average rating is 2 stars and that is 65 or so reviews -- not a fluke ! I have brand new Pentium 4 computer , 2.4 ghz , super high graphics rating , drivers , etc , about 5 times more powerful than they claim I need , and it is overpowering my computer and the players are see through . The uniforms do n't even try to be the correct color ! It is a green team vs. a red team every time . Only 40 international teams and no Peru . How can you not have all 10 S. American teams represented ? Why have 600 teams including stupid loser club teams in the Korean league , like anyone gives a flying you know what about that , and then have only 40 international teams !!!??? Everyone knows the fun is in playing neat dream international matchups . Nobody cares about club teams from the third division in freaking Mongolia . Christ . I am seriously pissed and this is not a joke and I am putting it in the mail to return and get my money back right now . The game has taken 2 steps backwards at least . I did n't see 2003 but 2002 was and is 500 % better than this 2004 game . Also , how can USA remain rated only 3 out of 5 when USA is ranked # 11 in the world out of 206 . Hello again . Earth calling . Looking for signs of intelligent life at EA Sports , no sign of it . Only 10 nations in the world are currently ranked ahead of USA soccer out of 206 , yet USA gets 3 stars out of 5 . Re what you really care about , the game play is horrible too . The graphics , as I said , are worse than they were in 2002 and the controls are impossible , it runs too fast and jumpy , no shadows , the announcing is stupid ... the game is simply terrible.You will be sorry if you think I 'm joking and buy this game , just as I am now after I ignored the other 50 reviews that are similar to this one.Again , I have a Dell Pentium 4 2.4 GHZ brankd new with 256K graphics adapter nad 68X CD drive and 100 G hard drive and all the stuff -LRB- in sum , if my computer can not run this game smoothly , nobody 's can except perhaps the Pentagon 's super mainframe computer I guess -RRB- . Do not buy this game or you will be sorry , trust me . Use the $ 25 and buy a real soccer ball and go get some exercise , which is what I 'm going to do now.To really emphasize my point , when I come back inside to play around a little bit , I 'm going to play FIFA 2002 and not his 2004 game , and I mean that literally.I am going to write a letter to EA Sports because this is unacceptable .
 FIFA 2004 is garbage . I have played all fifa series since 97 and this is by far the worst . Who cares about graphics , chants , and real players if the game barely works . Garbage AI , terrible game play and crappy upgrades . People who like this game have never played Winning Eleven and probably dont really watch football . Dont buy this game it is a waste of money and time .
 this game i found very very easy , not once did i lose , -LRB- with the cheats on -RRB- , you should make it more challenging , for the more experienced players ... . P.S. Brad is kool -LRB- obviousley -RRB-
 Well , the House of Mouse is at it again , freely pimping out its licensed characters to just about whoever wants to feature them in a video game . `` Hide & Sneak '' is the worst one yet that I 've had the pleasure of playing.You can play as Minnie or Mickey in this platform/puzzle game . What you 'll mostly be doing is running around and occasionally jumping up on a nearby box when an enemy is going to attack you . Does n't that sound fun ? No ? Hmm ... I do n't know why not . There are also a few `` puzzle '' areas that usually consist of something like pulling switches in a certain order or raising platforms in a certain order.I am getting tired of saying this but apparently developers are n't getting tired of hearing the complaints . The camera is awful ! You only have very limited control over the camera and the game prefers showing you from a head-on shot . Of course , that means you can never see what 's right in front of you or what is going to kill you just around that corner . Gee ... thanks!Don ' t worry though , the ridiculous camera is n't going to stop you from quickly beating this game . In fact , people in a rush are sure to love this title . At the end of the game , Capcom has the nerve to show you how long your playing time was . My time was 1 hour and 48 minutes ! I 'm not going to embarrass myself by telling you how much I paid for a game I beat in under 2 hours.I 've said it before but I 'll say it again . You like Disney ? Buy the `` Kingdom Hearts '' games and ignore all of the other shallow , opportunistic games they try and make a fast buck off of .
 When I rented Disney 's Hide and Sneak , I was n't expecting much . However , I did not expect it to suck this much.The first problem you will probably notice is how boring the gameplay is . There are a few puzzles that a braindead person could beat , and there are stealth parts that nobody can lose at.The only good thing I can say about this game is that the graphics and sound is OK .
 This is not the right charger for nintendo DS , but for the nintendo gameboy advance !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I rented this game this year instead of buying it because of the garbage that EA had last year . I also played the Espn game and it was horrible too . I ca n't believe that the people that own the best sports game out there -LRB- Madden -RRB- can not create another franchise mode similar to the one that is so successful . If they cut and paste Madden 's franchise mode to NBA live it would be one of the best games ever . Year after year since live has been on PS2 we have had the same gameplay , except for the freestyle gimmick which is useless , but I hope that they change the franchise mode and they never do . This year is the worst I 've seen where only the star players get a rating in the 90 's and the next best player on your team is a 70 . Who came up with this rating system ? And from year to year your players stats never change . You think you 're going to be the Cavs and make Lebron awesome good luck , 10 years from now he 's still 77 or whatever he starts out at the beginning of the game . I was totally heartbroken to see the pathetic attempts at basketball games this year from both companies and I hope that next year they can fix this because one of the reasons I have stopped becoming such a hardcore NBA fan is because there is n't a game that I can play anymore to get me in the mood to watch basketball .
 I used to play NBA Live 2001 on my computer . Had no real complaints . Bought PS2 sysyem recently to play Madden 2004 . Looked forward to the new release of NBA Live 2004 . Bought it the first week it was out . What a DISAPPOINTMENT . The game has great graphics and many neat features , but the gameplay itself if HORRIBLE.I should have known better ; I read a review here that talked about how the man with the ball bogs down every time he gets past half court . I did n't want to believe it , so I plunked down 50 bucks to see for myself . My bad . Your point guard , or whoever has the ball will be running in muck the second he gets anywhere near the paint . Not only that , the game runs slow and is prone to frequent glitches . The flaws in this game are so aggravating that I played it twice and then sold it to a friend for 30 bucks . The $ 20 dollar loss I took was less painful than the frustration of trying to play such a crappy version of what I always believed was a very good game.The week before I bought my copy of NBA Live 2004 I rented NBA Live 2003 aqnd loved it . Figured 2004 would be even better , but it 's not . Do yourself a favor , Keep 2003 and create Lebron , Carmelo , Yao , and the rest of the young stars . What you lose in the novelty of newness , you 'll get back in game play enjoyment . Unlike 2004 , the 2003 version runs smooth , plays fast , and the freestyle feature is better than the one on 2004 . Do n't be like me and waste $ 50 bucks because you want to believe that 2004 is going to be good . I wo n't get fooled again , from now I 'll rent a new release before I buy one . Unlike Madden , which is always good , the NBA LIVE series is hit or miss from year to year.In conclusion , 2003 = Great . 2004 = Horrible.TDJ
 This game sucks . The only ways to score ar dunks and 3 pointers.Its like going waaayy back to `` double dribble '' -LRB- 1st nentendo b-ball game -RRB- or something . If you look at the player ratings , everyone is sorry . Including the all-stars . Baron Davis is more dangerous than Shaq , for example . The gameplay is slow and stiff . And you ca n't spin or cross-over easily . The only thing easy about this game is throwing bad passes , because they complicated that too . You will either spend hours updating the game or not want to play it . Graphics are the only plus .
 I rented both of the different basketball games within a week of each other . The ESPN -LRB- 2k -RRB- was by far a better all around game . Live lacks any sort of defensive presence . Scoring is way to easy . They attempted to create a 1 on 1 mode , but espn 's is a street mode which you can do anything from 1on1 to 5on5 . They finally included a dynasty mode , but no owner mode like in madden . I did not even try to clear room on my memory card to have a team when I bought the game . Espn is still the best . The 24/7 mode keeps the game interesting . It allows you to not only improve a player , but also have fun making yourself a better player . Do n't waste your money , rent both first and make a comparison .
 First off , I love EA , all their games and LIVE up until now . In fact , I thought that Live 2003 was so good , it renewed my love of basketball and got me back into a sport I missed for so long . And with everyone talking about the improvements over 2003 , I knew I had to get 2004 . Now before I verbally tear this game to shreds , let me start off with some of the highlights of it . Ummm ... well I guess the Dynasty mode is a little better . It can store records now , like College football and even gives you Player and rookie of the months awards . But if it is n't your player , then who cares ? Training mode is cool , but it would be better if you could run the drills yourself like Madden . NBA Store is cool , if you like wearing old school Jordans , and I do . And realistically , the Lakers have a powerhouse team and LeBron James is n't as good as you think he should be.Alright , I ca n't hold it back anymore . This game SUCKS ! Freestyle control got worse , not better , for now it 's even far more limited on defense . The players do n't get down and into the opponent 's face , they just put an arm up . Offensively , when you crossover , you do n't cut and change direction like in 2003 . You crossover left and keep going right . The passing game is a joke . They must have gone to the Magic Johnson school of passing . No more chest pass or bounce pass here , just no looks , behind the backs and ridiculous over the shoulder passes . And this seriously limits your transition game . They wo n't catch it on the run anymore , they stop , jump and give the D time to catch up . And if they are wide open , they turn around to catch it . I saw Ray Allen on a fast break in the space of ten feet and two seconds , run into the key , stop , turn around 180 degress , catch the ball , turn back around , take two steps and dunk it . I love Ray Allen , he played Jesus , but no way . And taking my crossover button away and making it a lay up button ? Who thought this would be good ? Graphically , the characters are much smaller and look , quite frankly likes Sega players . The music sucks , about half the songs as last year and they were scraping the bottom of the barrel with artists . I 'm glad they did n't out in a free CD , I 'd have thrown it away . GM is hard because as you trade players , it wo n't tell you how many years they have left . So when you trade off your point guard and a draft pick for Mike Finley , you 'll be mad when he 's only got a year left . Those cut scenes that I liked are gone , so sad . Marv and Mike are good , but pretty dry , they never give to fired up and Marv never even says YES ! Too bad Corso and Herbie only do college football . And my t-meter is now some weird optical illusion on the backboard . What geek thought of this?But the worse thing has to be the fact that EA has made basketball a CONTACT sport . No more moving around players , through players to score , no no . Everyone is equipped with velcro and will be sticking to each other at all times . It frustrating on offense , because whenever you get touched , it throws you off so bad , you have to start over . No more quick passes into the paint or isolation plays from the top of the key . One man touches you and you have to start the sequence over . And herein also lies the new Freestyle Air , which will change your dunk into a lay up should someone make contact with you . Like other improvements before it , you must either master this or watch your shooting percentage go to hell . If you do n't change to a lay up with contact , you 'll miss the shot , but the players are so small , you can not see if contact is made . And if it is and you do n't , you wo n't . Get it ? Me neither.Remember how one things comes into play and you have to adjust the whole way you play to win ? You are going to have to rethink your whole attitude about basketball to win at this one . EA took my favorite basketball game ever , yes better than Arch Rivals , and traded in the feel of it for some Air Jordans ?! WTF ? I would n't wish this travesty upon anyone . Luckily , you can buy 2003 for about ... bucks now . I gon na play this some more . Why ? Because I dropped ... bucks on it !!
 You people have to dumb to think this game is good . It is unrealistic , and that feeestyle controller makes crossovers that you would never see in a NBA game . You can go to the whole with no trouble and score with a little push on the analog stick . NBA 2K3 was clearly a better game than NBA Live 2003 . NBA 2K3 is a realistic game with better gameplay and calls . You can control everything . Trust me ESPN NBA Basketball a.k.a. NBA 2K4 will be cuttin NBA Live 2004 to the fullest .
 First off , let me say this is judgement based just between NBA Live 2003-2004 . The menu systems in this game are confusing . I hate the way EA does menus . They are awful . `` Dynasty Mode '' is a waste of time . The FA signings havent changed at all and it is still too easy to build a superstar team . Trading draft picks is a good start , but they need to look to madden to know how to run a franchise mode type game.The player ratings are terrible . I like the seperation of stars from average role players , but the ratings like giving Glenn Robinson on the Sixers a 68 rating while Iverson gets 83 is ridiculous . Garnett got 97 while most players got in the 60 's - low 70 's . Ridiculous.Now for gameplay . Worst time I have ever spent . It was choppy and very hard to play . It is still very easy to score like it was in 2003 but they have improved somewhat there . Dribbling has gotten WAY worse . They messed freestyle control up big time . They had a good idea and then over emphesised it . Passing is a joke . I like how they have players knock away passes instead of just palming them magically like in 2003 , but they still have a lot of work to do . Sprinting is gone . Another facet from 2003 they had working and messed it up . Players run like they have a pole up their you know what and twice as slow . Shooting is worse than I have ever seen . No game , not even ESPN has mastered the shooting look . Although Live is closer to prefecting it , they took a step back in 2004 . Overall , I hated NBA Live 2004 . Dont be fooled by false reviews by people who work for EA posting replys on here or waste a dollar buying or renting this horrible game .
 this game sucks !!!!!!!! u can not score at all !!!! if u try to go inside alls u get is a charge or a miss besides the new dunk button sucks u can never dunk it even if your 2 inchins away from the basket !!!!! wat im trying to say is GET ESPN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i hope the the football department at easports makes 3 times as much money as the basketball department . this game is horrible . i do n't think i 've ever seen so many glitches , especially at key moments in the game . the worst was when they were down by 4 and made one of my other guys foul the shooter who still managed to make the shot , which counted . then instead of shooting free throws , they get the ball back and score again to send it into OT . the computer will go backcourt or out of bounds and not get called for it . then like others have said , players will defy physics and stop in mid-air on their way to a dunk just so a defensive player can come from behind and block them . i use to buy nba live on an annual basis but will be switchin my choice for the 2005 version .
 This game is very unrealistic , and just plain bad . I would take a wide open 3 with Tracy McGrady , and miss1 like every time . I also do n't think that shoot , and dunk/lay up need to bee two different button 's , it 's very stupid . The free style control was good last year but here it stinks ! you do n't know what move you gon na do because you ca n't do a crossover or spin with square , X , triangle , or circle so it is hard to fake out defender 's . Overall this just ins ' t a very good game though the graphics are good
 i have n't played this game but i know from experience -LRB- i have 2003 -RRB- that this probably sucks . let me take a guess and say that yao ming and lebron james are n't even in the game . as far as the dynasty mode goes , you realize that the averages per 48 minutes are completly out of whack , such as when i played tyson chandler for 40 minutes a game and he still had only 6.0 rebounds a game when simulating -LRB- the same average for when he played 19 minutes a game -RRB- . he should be averaging at least 10.5 . the rookies provide stats that are less than encouraging , nen had 9 points and 5 boards per game in 38 minutes !!! also , where are the foreign players to be found in the rookie draft -LRB- they make up practically half of the first round -RRB- . for the gameplay , the only exciting teams would be sacramento and dallas , yet the knicks offensive scheme is strictly run-and-gun .
 nba live fell way off the charts with this game here , its not even close to 2003 , if i would have known it sucked this bad i would not have bought it , dont waste your money , maybe next year they will make a hotter game , dam and i love the legacy of nba live since the days of sega genesis man , dam this really hurts . lol . words of advice go back to the camera angles from 2003 please get more dunks . better post plays , i must say i like the announcers marv and mike , i loved the jump shots from 2003 go back to that please . im out i could write about this game all day , ps thanx for putting vince on the cover . let me guess lebron next year .
 it only as very little good features realtic play of players and different sytle colored courts for each city but nba live 2004 is a big down fall no defense you ca n't drive to the basket like 2k3 and it 's hard to have control of your players with the joystick because you have very little choices to pick from . game makers need to sit down with nba superstars and let them judge on how the want there fans to see them and how they want it played if vince carter really saw and play this before it was made it never would have been put out on the market .
 Well I would like to start off by saying that every time I play this game I find a new flaw . The first one I noticed was when I had a clear path to the bucket , got fouled from behind , but my player stopped in mid air thus defying the laws of physics . Then I noticed that in the first year of dynasty mode , Kobe Bryant and Tracy McGrady both scored over 25 points a game , in the second year they averaged 18.3 and 19.7 respectivly . Then I was looking at my favorite team , the Indiana Pacers , ratings . I noticed Fred Jones had a 10 out of a possible 99 rating in the dunking category . Anybody who follows basketball would realize that he won the slam dunk contest this year . When playing dynasty mode , no matter how high Lebron James is rated his stats will ALWAYS be , and this is not an exaguration 13-17 points a game , about 31/2 assists , and 8 rebounds . Carmello Anthony and Dwayne Wade completely suck also . Does EA even look at players before rating them ? The more I think about it , the answer is no . If you actually decide to play the game , expect Charlie Ward to burn Jason Kidd for 30 points and about 15 assists . The CPU teams do NOT utilize their big men at all ! -LRB- kevin garnnet-8 points , 5 rebs -RRB- Do not think about driving the lane , because whether you like it or not , you 're player will REFUSE to take it up strong . Instead they will defy physics , stop in mid-air , throw up a double pump prayer and STILL miss it . Peja Stojakovic is a nightmare when playing with him and shooting threes . It seems like when I play with Kidd , Stojakovic , and Redd , Kidd will shoot 5/6 from 3 , and Stojakovic and Redd will hit about 3/15 combined . EA seems to forget these are PROFESSIONAL basketball players ! The ratings also suck and do n't mean much by the way , Lebron James is a 69 , Mike Bibby is a 67 but will always outscore and get more assists then Lebron during the course of a season . Paul Pierce will always wear a green head band no matter what team he is with . Yet Lebron 's and just about any other headband wearing players headbands actually change colors so they go with the uniform . Somehow , a lottery pick , Mikael Pietrus , is rated the same as second round pick , Willie Green . -LRB- both a 48 -RRB- Marcus banks , the number 13th pick is rated a 55 while Kirk Hinrich , the number 7th pick , is rated a 53 , the same as the 27th Leandrinho Barbosa . Banks , Hincrich , and Barbosa are both rated higher than the 10th pick , Jarvis Hayes -LRB- 52 -RRB- . Hayes is rated the same as the 33rd pick , Jerome Beasley . Do you see how this makes no sense whatsoever ? In conclusion this sucks and always makes me angry when I play it . If you still wish to buy this basketball anomally , please do n't beat you 're PS2 with a baseball bat , it 's not its fault .
 This game has a lot of problems . The collision detection is the most frustrating thing . The ball WENT THROUGH my players time and time again . I ca n't pick up a rebound unless I 'm directly on top of the ball -LRB- the players refuse to put their hands out and grab it even if it 's an inch away -RRB- . The players turn their backs to the hoop frequently -LRB- and what looks like randomly -RRB- , which makes it really hard to do ANYTHING -LRB- offensively -RRB- . Cut sequences suck . Draft sucks -LRB- not enough information to make informative decisions -RRB- I used to really like EA , and hoped that they would out-do NBA 2K3 , but unfortunately they have n't . I was really excited about this release , but now I 'm not sure . Maybe I just have to get used to the controls , but whatever happened to picking the controls you want -LRB- program each button -RRB- ?
 I now understand better after reading another review why Live is so behind Madden ... There are some positives , but the negatives are too great to give this anything higher than 3 stars . Every year I get cranked up for Live coming out , since I like basketball more than football , but I always end up playing Live for about a week , realize it sucks , then go back to Madden . My comments are similar to others , but I will list my pro 's and con 's anyway : PROS - Hop move , different announcers -LRB- I do n't really care for albert and fratello , but thank god they got rid of that other schmo . By the way , maybe someone should get Kevin Harlan - he 's always pretty amped . -RRB- , better rebounding.CONS - The dynasty mode sucks . What was the point of even adding it ? Why in the world do n't they take some lessons learned from Madden ? The NBA store sucks too . I kind of liked the specialty coaches , they should have added more features like that , like Madden did . Also , based on Madden , why ca n't we create a stadium , relocate , etc. ? Is this too hard to do ? Another major problem I have is that you ca n't change the controls they way you want . Since they changed the square button to the dunk/layup button from the crossover , in the first game I played I think I shot about 20 18ft layups ! Why in the world did they get rid of this ? Did people complain about having too much control ?!? Why ca n't I set the controls myself ? The movement is also slow , I hit some open perimeter players countless times , and by the time they raised up for the shot , it was contested or blocked . I 'm not talking about strangling defense either , I 'm talking about wide open shots . The training camp is another bomb . Why ca n't they take another clue from Madden -LRB- noticing a trend -RRB- and actually have YOU RUN THE DRILLS ? As it is , you distribute ` time ' according to what drills you want your team to run , then you watch some very tired looking graphics of your team doing jumping jacks -LRB- just what I was looking for in a video game -RRB- , then you watch as none of your players increase their ratings . Madden took the concept and made it fun , Live took the concept and made it look 10 years old . Just another thing to skip through .
 you can shoot a 3 point leaner with shaq . fred jones is a 10 in dunking out of 99 and we won the slam dunk contest.it sucks . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 i really thought this year could be the year when there franchise mode came around after seeing how great madden was with the owner mode . But once again it is terrible . If you players have a great year therre ratings usaully never go up or down . With players like darko , carmelo and lebron therre ranking barely go up at all during the game so instead of lebron being the next magic or mj he turns into a 6ht or 7th man on most teams . The cut scences are ok the first time through but after that a complete was of time . The whole nba store thing and all that is terrible to i do n't really care if i can get multi colored socks in a video game ! Also the rankings of players are way of im a big KG fan and have always hated duncan but how can duncan be a 90 or 92 whichever it is and kg is a 97 same thing with kobe and t-mac . And not only did franchise once again suck it up but now the gameplay does to . Last years was great . they had great graphics moves all that the only probelm was maybe the computer bit on the shock fakes way to much . other then that everything was fine and dandy though . but this year it looks like a game from about 2 or 3 years ago . the camera angles are terrible the players look like cartoons and the hoops look like they did but during playstation . Also when you past and when you shot they always take some weird jump which looks completelty terrible and i dont know why they would release that . If your looking for a game to buy i would definatley not buy this i havent played 2k4 yet but if you want a basketball game that i know is good and is way cheaper now NBA STREET 2 would be good , or if you want any sports game tiger woods pga tour and madden are amazing .
 This game is about the same thing as last year . Nba 2004 is nothing but a waste of money the gameplay is wack the freestyle dribble is the same as 2003 series . If you really what a basketball game get ESPN nba ect . 2K4
 Great game if your looking for two hundred point games and no defense .
 first i want to say they took out eddie !!!! yes our favorite caucasian , disco lovin ' , michael jackson wanabee worse than justin t. is gone . and wat the f. is an Uber trick ? they are translating in german now ? in german uber means under . under trick ? wats up w / that ?
 If your buying this game because you 've played the first two , you are making a bad move . I feel this game is not a good game . I did n't ike this game . I feel that this game trys to do to much and the tricks arent as good . This game is not nearly as good as the first two . I loved the first two , SSX tricky and SSX . This game is not very good . I hope you will read this and beleive it
 Well considering this game is not out yet , I would not know . I am amazed that there are even reviews here yet How can you write a review for something that is not even out ? You are stating that you liked the old ones , and you will probably like this one . That does not help anyone decide to buy this game . Wait to write a review until you 've actually played the game . I know my comments here are not helping anyone buy this game , but I had to speak up .
 One word
 This game did n't even work ! They scamed me for my money . next time check for what games you buy if they actuaqlly work
 I 've been playing James Bond games for a long time at friends houses etc. . Golden Eye , Agent Under Fire , and Night fire were all awesome games in terms of gameplay and the multiplayer arenas . The arenas were probably the most attractive part of the games to me . I liked the team capture the flag , etc. . I finally decided to get my own James Bond game -LRB- just for the arena mode and the other multiplayer options -RRB- . Once i got the game , it was a great dissapointment . The arena modes were just pointless and got extremely boring in a matter of 20 minutes . I personally think this is because of the 3rd person view . What really stinks is that you cant play any team arenas and u cant play with computers !! Besides the arenas the co-op modes , etc. were ok ... The one player seemed really boring . The story was n't very appealing . Besides the one player and the multiplayer , I also tried the online mode . It was awful . The co-op mode was a great dissapointment in online mode . Personally I feel this is EA 's worst James Bond game . Even golden eye was much better . If you want to get a good James Bond game I strongly advice you to get Nightfire .
 I have played both of EA 's previous 007 games ... Agent Under Fire and Nightfire . Though they lacked a good storyline , they much better than Everything or Nothing.Well , apparently , EA Games decided to switch from the traditional first-person shooter view to the third-person view , which allowed you to take up more stealth oriented segments , interact with the enviroment and -LRB- Finally ! -RRB- use some hand-to-hand combat moves . Everything or Nothing packs a great storyline -LRB- And a good opening video -RRB- into the game but lacks the hardcore gameplay of past 007 games.For those who do n't know what I mean , running through an open area firing at enemy snipers is n't as fun or seamless as Nightfire or Agent Under Fire was . Most of the action oriented segments are n't as fun at all ... firing at enemies seems way too sluggish for some reason and not as fluid as other third-person shooting games such as Enter the Matrix -LRB- Maybe because of the auto-lock on system -RRB- . But as you , suspect , 007 also gets a good ammount of driving missions to go along with the actual running and gunning attitude . A few of these missions pretty much comtemplate for the somewhat dull car chases in EA 's last games . For example ... you ca n't say riding a motorcycle through a crowded highway equipped with at least 600 rockets , a wheel-mounted flamethrower and machine guns is n't fun , especially when fellow enemies are driving around you on motorcycles . Plus , you have to dodge cars when going at breakneck speed . Its much more fun that guiding a BMW Z3 through Hong Kong -LRB- With a nod to Agent Under Fire -RRB- . In addition to all that , Everything Or Nothing adds a notable new feature to the game called Bond Sense -LRB- Or something similar to that name -RRB- . Now before you think Bond can be alert of danger and was bitten by a radioactive spider -LRB- Which he was n't -RRB- , Bond Sense can be activated by a touch of a button . The screen around you turns blue -LRB- Though the enviroments and enemies are completely visible -RRB- , and a bullet time gameplay emerges , except that Bond can not move while in this mode . It basically just allows you to look around at whatever ambushes you have currently got yourself into , check the status of your enemies , and plus , it looks cool.The game also adds a co-op campaign , so two players can team up and complete a series of missions that is not even closely connected to the main storyline . You get a list of secret agents who you have n't heard of before and complete a variety of rather annoying missions . It could be pretty much improved though ... without traditional FPS gameplay it loses the luster that it could have had.The game also features a skirmish gameplay , in which two players can duel it out in an arena . However , do n't get your hopes up ... its pretty much dull . The arenas are compact and rather small -LRB- You only receive one at the start of the game -RRB- , and the gameplay could have been improved by a lot . All you basically do in one arena is run up and down the stairs , pick up rocket launchers and aimlessly fire it at people . And if you want a quick kill , you can go to one of the flashing blue buttons on the wall , press it , and either one of tbe two small floors will unleash an explosion , or a crisscross of lethal trip wires will appear.Overall , you can see that Everything Or Nothing -LRB- However vehicular combat skilled it is -RRB- lost its luster ... the multiplayer games are n't the insanely fun FPS bombardment games that they used to be and the co-op game is fun at the beggening , but soon loses its touch . My reccomandation is not to buy it ... it may be worth one or two rentals , but definetely not a purchase !
 i hate this game ! it drives me nuts . i bought the first 2 bond games and i was very surprised with all the gadgets and the good graphics . but now , they changed over to third person . this is the worst thing they could ever do ! i hate this game ! the multiplayer has something messed up with it , and the lock on target thing sucks . cuz u could be like a mile away and ur gun could just automatically lock on to the player . it 's very unrealistic . SO NEVER BUY THIS GAME it is horrible .
 my god , it 's amazing how overrated some games can be.supposedly the `` best '' bond game . . and i love bond , i love FPS action games , surely i would love this game , right ?! wrong.things start off looking fun ... oh , a nice little tutorial to teach you cool moves . cool weapons . but things immediately reveal themselves to be terrible . you repel down a wall . . then you have about 6 guys shooting at you from all sides . but uh oh , their bullets are apparently much stronger than yours ! and there 's no health to be found anywhere ! wait , you 're telling me bond packed all these incredible technological tools in his backpack , AND HE DOES N'T BRING ANY MED KITS ??? jesus christ , you must be joking . that would n't be a problem if surviving was n't nearly IMPOSSIBLE . and remember , this is just the FIRST part . you have more parts to complete after this , while TRYING to stay alive.ok , so let 's say you 're a wonderful gamer and you DO survive . so what ? the shooting action is BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING . press a button to auto aim your enemy . pull the trigger . that 's it ! no aiming at all ! just pushing a button . wow . this is what games have become ? give me a break . i 've played great FPS games on PC like call of duty and half-life 2 , and this does n't cut it , at all . besides , who decided that bond is supposed to be some superman with a pistol anyway ?? is n't he supposed to be more of a spy than rambo ?
 Most of the reviews I 've read here are from people who do n't own this game . I just went out and bought it . I am a very loyal bond fan , but this game is just not fun . I could only play it for about 30 minutes before I got disgusted . The gameplay is terrible . You are basically on auto aim the whole time . The 3rd person camera views are not as intuitive as you would like . Often you can see the person you would like to shoot , but the system locks onto someone else . The gameplay is nowhere near as good as SOCOM -LRB- another 3rd person shooter -RRB- . Not sure what the big hype is over this hand-to-hand combat mode either . Now Bond gets to punch people . Strongly recommend you rent this and see if you like it more than I do .
 If you like high action games , that require allot of thinking and skill . This might not be the game for . But if you enjoy a simple game with decent and story line , a game that anyone can beat then this is a game for you . The fighting skills and moves are not that great , you ca n't jump over even the smallest walls , the action level is not that good . The fighting is awful . But if you want a classic bond game . this is it .
 I loved goldeneye because you could go around Killing civilians , Natalya and ending countless lives hastily without thought by randomly firing into the crowd . but in bond games today you cant kill 1 civilian and keep playing.This game is more like a movie.Although it is funny when your traveling 70 MPH on a motorcycle and you shoot the motorcycle next to you with a flamethrower and seeing a FLAMING CARCASS tumbling next to you getting ran over continuously by cars and semi-trucks . This game is fun to play the 1st time but after that it gets boring fast.And the multiplayer arena SUCKS!But the co op is OK.If youre like me and you enjoy games with tons of unneccesay pointless death and destruction or oyu just want to have challenging game Goldeneye 64 is for you . I , an average american child like to spend my time in front of the TV playing violent video games . Very entertaing that goldeneye game is now back to everything or nothing , if you like bond games like me this game is worth $ 20 .
 I buy Bond games mostly for the multiplayer because it is the most fun . When I played this Bond , it was in 3rd Person . That means there is one screen and it 's from a birds eye view . The missions are fun for about five minutes , but after that they gat old . Only buy this game if you do n't care about multiplayer .
 EA Games is awful at making games . They put nice graphics in it , but after that , its probobly the worst storyline , worst gameplay , and worst overall game experience.It 's okay to rent , but you can beat this in about 2 hours on easy , and my friend beat it on 00 agent in about half an hour . Really bad game .
 Ok , I am a fan of the other James Bond games , and I eagerly waited to get this -- let 's just make that clear . Problems with this game
 I rented it from Blockbuster . Hated it so much that I took it back the same day . THey should have kept the Bond games in 1st person , insteadd of in 3rd like this one . It is very hard to see anything , and the controls are messed up . Also , you have to unlock the multiplayer !
 The game is poor and the story line does not tell you a lot about what you should do . The aiming for the shooting stinks ; you always have to hold L1 to aim and than R1 to fire . But the graphics are really good and the punching is better than Nightfire . This is not a game for you if you like shooting . If I were you I would rent the game first or wait for it to come down in price .
 Okay , lets face it . Ea 's 007 titles never were very good , with relatively simple missions where you run around from room to room and shoot everyone that moves in the trademark first-person view . But compared to Everything or Nothing , games like Agent Under Fire and Nightfire are much more appreciated than this miserable transition from first-person to third-person . Though a few of the vehicular missions are fun -LSB- Especially the one where you ride around on a motorcycle through a highway that is equipped with about 600 rockets and wheel-mounted flamethrowers -RSB- , you ca n't really appreciate the high-action factor of James Bond in a third-person point of view.Yeah , I have to agree that Everything Or Nothing has some pretty good points such as great graphics and a new Bullet-Time like feature where everything slows down -LSB- And Bond ca n't do anything but look around to see where incoming attacks from enemies are coming -RSB- , not to mention a more interactive enviroment where you can bash objects into opponents and finally be able to use more hand-to-hand combat features , the game just steals the true nature of Bond games such as the classic original 007
 That this has anything to do with the previous , excellent and hugely popular 007 games is a cruel hoax and the makers should be ashamed . Why take something that is good and screw it up ? Strange . Totally different and beyond bad . Booooo !
 I hated this game . It was terrible . I loved nightfire because me my bro and my cuz would play 3 v. 6 and we would kill the albots . IN this game you can only play vs 1-2 albots . The guns stink and the game is very very boring . THe story mode is very stupid and the levels are n't put together well . The graphics are ok and playing this online is terrible . Overall this game is terrible .
 This game was fun at times but controlling the character was too frustrating with aiming and movement . Nuff said .
 i ca n't belive this . yes , this looks like a cool game , but not cool enough that I 'm gon na wait till september for it . it was supposed to be out by now . i know that i will no longer want it by september.that was terrible of them to announce false release dates .
 Aladdin on the Super Nintendo was quite the game to have . A surprise success in gaming . It did n't look or play anything like the Sega Genesis version , but as far as being a platformer was concerned , Aladdin did good . It was simple gameplay , it was fun , and it had balanced difficulty.Unfortunately , when the game was released for the Super Nintendo in 1993 , it was grand . A decade later on the GBA and I ca n't say the game aged well . Let 's be honest , Aladdin back on the SNES was n't any different than your standard platformer . When games like Super Mario World had completely blown people away with its gameplay , Aladdin was still doing the level by level design that had already been being done for some time . The game was still fun to play , though , despite that even in 1993 it was behind in technology.The GBA version is also like that . The difference is , this is your standard platformer in the new millenium . In 1993 it could hold up . But now it has to compete with the likes of not only some of the Mario games that outdid it back then -LRB- if you put into account all the GBA re-releases -RRB- , but it also has to compete with a whole new slew of platformers such as Castlevania
 I recently imported this game and WAS planning on buying the English version , if and when it comes out . A word of WARNING
 I loved this game on SNES , so when I found out it was becoming available for GBA , I jumped at the chance to pre-order it . I pre-ordered it late October 2003 , with a release date in early December 2003 . As the date came for it to ship , the release date moved to January 2004 . OK , a month delay , I can live with that . Again , the date drew near , and then moved to around Valentine 's Day . A few days ago it was March . Today it is September 2004 ! I have contacted CapCom , and voiced my displeasure with them . I will be shocked if I get a reply . Anyway , if I decide to stick it out , I will have had $ 36 tied up for a year , for a video game ! I could have done other things with that money . What is the `` incentive '' to stick it out and let Amazon and CapCom keep my money?I understand production and shipping delays , but there is no excuse for this . If the product was not even close to being ready , they should have not announced a date in the first place .
 They took for ever to get here and then when i got them they fell apart . So do n't buy these things they are a big waste . You should buy those other Nintendo Ds head phones they work better .
 Let me start with the positive
 What could have been one of this generation of consoles greatest sports titles , is perhaps nothing more than one of the most frustrating games of all times . The gameplay and the player graphics are pretty good but the attention to detail present in NCAA Football is nowhere to be found . Genric schedules , generic stadiums , generic and incomplete rosers . The menus and their load times are pathetic . There are no automatic saves for Dynasty and User Profile . The favorite team feature has to be set each time you power up . The list goes on and on . I played this game for three days before I traded it on Madden 2004 . Maybe next year EA .
 I had gone out and rented this game about a week ago and man I 'm glad that 's all I did . This game has so many flaws and faults that I do n't even know how to write this game off . I gave it two stars instead of one because of the graphics and overall fun of playing a game . But the truth is , the announcers seem to be realistic as they come because they have no idea what 's going on . If I 'm on a 10-0 run and my opponent scores they will give them the credit of holding me to 10-2 on the on-screen graphic . The polls are really unrealistic , if you 're ranked no. 1 for one week , but do n't have a game scheduled by the time there are polls the next week , you fall all the way to 10th or 12th . Crossovers are a drag and shooting takes perfect skill , meaning this game is aimed at people who are n't new to it . If you have never played this game before , do n't buy it , rent it and get used to it first . With the 5 seconds it takes to load between each screen and the long long long !! loading time before a game , you could be catching up on some undone math homework .
 Although this year 's March Madness is a step up from last year 's version -LRB- it now includes many more teams , like mid-major Creighton , etc. , and it fixed some of the tournament issues -RRB- , I 'm still sorely disappointed by gameplay and features.Gameplay is relatively intuitive , and the ability to juke and set plays are decent , yet the game lacks imagination and creativity in its setup.Problems with the menu are particularly troubling -- you must load your `` favorite team '' each time you play , as well as your saved dynasties and settings . Recruiting is a tiring task , which is disappointing since I truly enjoy this feature in EA 's football series.The game is a bit buggy , with the announcers calling out the wrong team 's name -LRB- I was up by 40 + pts , and had scored 12 straight unanswered points , but Dick Vitale said my opponent was `` on fire '' . -RRB- : - -RRB- I would not recommend a purchase -- either buy it used , rent it , or wait until next year .
 This game is terribly pure and simple . First , the graphics are poor , the players looked distorted , with overally large heads and feet . Second , the game play and controls are poor , with the game handling nothing like real college basketball , and poor button placements . Finally , reality ? They ca n't even get stadiums correct on the inside . They do n't look anything like what they are supposed to be . Save your money , if you really want a good college basketball game , get ESPN College Hoops , you wo n't be dissappointed .
 First of all , if anybody on here claims this game is amazing is automatically an idiot . Second of all , NCAA College Basketball 2k4 makes this game look silly . The first thing I noticed is that this games graphics are subpar and the 3 dimensional aspect of the arenas are terrible . I also noticed a choppiness among the gameplay when a lot seems to be going on . I am not sure how the XBOX version handles this but the PS2 version sucks . The Dynasty mode is the only bonus going for the game but the actual gameplay which is what really counts is terrible and very arcadish and is n't certainly worth any of your hard earned money .
 Cool music and okay graphics do not hide the fact that gameplay is poor and there are multiple bosses per stage . The controls are also poor and the gameplay itself is repetitive and frustrating . I would not expect the average audience -LRB- Or me -RRB- to ever get past the first level .
 This game was a big disapointment . It was almost exactly the same as medal of honor frontline . The only difference was the levels , which were even more boring then frontline 's levels . The storyline is so stupid that I skiped the in game movies . If EA wants to make a good and different war game than I suggest they make a war game about either the revolutionary war or the civil war . Theres too many games about world war 2 or about `` special forces '' games . These games have died out years ago , and there still making them !
 This is the worst game I 've ever played . It is fun for 2 hours ... That 's right , I beat the game in 2 hours ! It 's not worth the 50 bucks you shell out for the game . It is also a mindless game where all you do is walk around and shoot people , it has NO purpose . Please do not buy this game , you are wasting alot of money .
 yeah , best graphical experience . . give us mouse control with those usb ports on the PS2 , how about some cooperative single player ... some thing .
 I have bought & played all of the Medal of Honor games , beginning with the PS1 versions , and loved them all , but , I must admit -LRB- like so many others here already have -RRB- this game is a dissapointment . It seems too easy to play compared to the others , but the BIGGEST letdown is the length of the game ! At what should be about the halfway point of the other MOH games , this one rolls credits !! I thought at first it must be just an intermission , but no , the game was in fact over already ! Be smart ... rent it , finish it in just a few hours , and save the $ 50 for a game you can buy and feel you got your money 's worth .
 I waited for this game to come out , as I loved the original Medal of Honor . What a disappointment ! The game is boring ! No real strategy , just walk this way and keep firing . Boring guns , and the Japanese machine gun you pick up is annoying - the magazine clip interferes with your sight lines . The game is easily a 4 hour deal and then you are done . Way to short . Then like others have said , the end comes and you fly off the carrier to find just rolling credits . Nothing to note it is over , just credits ? I was like `` That 's IT ????? '' . I thought there would be more . Lame .
 One of the first games i got was medal of honor frontline , and it was lots of fun . It gave you a sense of im the greatest and no one can stop me when you are running around and shooting people in that game , and it is great how you can like feel the bullet puncturing their skin and it givs you great satisfaction , and also its funny -LRB- like when you hit a kraut in the foot and he jumps around holding his foot or when they are running in to walls etc. -RRB- I got this game thinking it too would be awesome but i was dissapointed . I finished it in like 6 hours and i have to admit , it was kind of fun the first time . But in this one , you get just as much satisfaction from shooting the japanese dudes as you would standing in an empty room and throwing a pebble against the wall for the whole afternoon , and although it still has lots of the same blips that were amusing in the first game , in this one they just kinda seem stupid . Pretty much the high point of the game is when youre in the boat in guadalcanal and tis dude gets eaten by a alligatter .
 This game is a rip-off ! Its unbelievably short
 Frontline was a fun game ! This one is n't even half as fun . Lame AI , crappy graphics and virtually no storyline . I finished it in 5 hours and am extreemly disapointed . What a waste of $ 50 . It would make a great rental though , you can finish it in one day .
 I have a bunch of the Medal of Honor games -LRB- Frontline , Allied Assault , Breakthrough , Sadly the game for gameboy advane -RRB- and they have all pleased me . I got Rising Sun for my birthday and was incredibly excited . I played the first mission -LRB- Pearl Harbor -RRB- and was a little unhappy but still I was waiting what else the game had to offer . Well , about five or six missions passed by and I was still waiting . Before I knew it I was flying a way in a plane and the game ended . Like watching the end of the first Lord of the Rings I wondered , `` How Could it end here ????!!! '' I was very disapointed in the game . There are some good features to it . The multiplayed is fun . The internet play was useless for me because I do not have Broadband . The Co-op mode is a cool new thing but like the single player it was just as upsetting when it ended so short . I am a big fan of the MOH series but this was a huge disapointment . I would probably suggest Call of Duty . I have not played it yet but if you watch the commercial , man does it look really cool ! Overall this was a big disapointment and I urger anyone to pass on this one !
 This is by far the worst game in the Medal of Honor series . The plot is boring , the graphics are lacking , the controls are unnatural and difficult , and the game is too short . I ca n't believe I actually spent fifty dollars on this game . Please , do n't make my mistake . Rent it first and see what I mean .
 any one who reviewed this game as better than frontline must work for EA games . Anyone who reviewed this game as hard is either 4 years old or only has 1 arm , if they do not fit into one of these categories should immediately give away their game system , this is the easiest FPS I 've ever played . Even on Hard the Japanese are such bad shots you can run up to them from a hundred yards away while they are shooting at your and club them down with your rifle . If they happen to hit you once or twice do n't worry , there is health about every 50 feet in this game . do n't buy this game , bad plot , bad levels , too easy , too short .
 I am a huge MOH follower but this game is nothing short of a rip off . First of all it is too short I finished in one weekend , the graphics leave a lot to be desired with dead soldiers that seem to float . This game would have been worth $ 19.99 but at anything over that it is a rip-off
 I 'm not a big FPS games fan , but I got hooked on to MOH Frontline which I thoroughly enjoyed . So I bought MOH Rising Sun expecting it to be even better ... what a let down it was ! The game was way too easy and when it abruptly came to an end , I was very disappointed . The storyline and missions are not bad , but the level of difficulty and the dumb soldiers are ridiculous . The graphics are mediocre . In the single-player missions your comrades sometimes get in between you and the enemy , and your enemy can still shoot at you but you ca n't ! I think two pluses for this game - it now costs only 15 bucks or so , and the game has save points all along the various missions -LRB- a big improvement over Frontline -RRB- .
 EA did a horrible job on this game . I can not believe a respectable company such as EA Games , released such a disappointing product . Not only did they fail to scratch the surface of history regarding the pacific battle front , the parts they did attempt were vague . Absolute Worst Game I have ever played.The only thing they did correctly was allow players to save during a level.As for EA games , stick to SPORTS . It is appearently all you are good at .
 There is no way anyone who played Frontline , or even the older MOH games , that can say this is a good game . Compared to the others this is horrible , in every way . From the sound , the graphics , all the way down to the main menu . It is just not in the same class as the others . So if you liked the others I recommend saving your money if your expecting this one to be similar . Its not .
 Its not a terrible game , and if I had never played any of the MOH games I might have liked it . But , I did , and it stinks . It does n't compare to any of the other MOH games , going back to the original . Even the music is n't as good . I am very disappointed . It 's funny how the only good reviews were written before the game came out . Ignore them .
 This game looks like it can be fun and it looks like it has good graphics and all , but I will refuse to buy this game or contribute any positve energy towards it . THIS GAME IS SICK !!!!! IT MAKES ME SICK TO MY STOMACH THAT PEOPLE WOULD SUBDUE THEMSELVES INTO PLAYING GAMES ABOUT WAR !!!! I mean , I am a huge fan of violent games , but all of them are fictional !!!! This so called epic game , better known as `` Medal of Honor '' makes me sick . WWII was real , thousands of people died and suffered , I do n't feel it appropriate to make a video game out of that . Somethings should not be made into games !!! Many people died the day of Pearl Harbor , it was an American tragedy , not good basis for a video game in my oppinion . If a game came out about the war in Iraq , I 'm sure people would be outraged . These wars are real people !!!!!! They should only make video games where the wars are fictional.How much longer before the effects of September 11th wear off , and they make a video game about that ??? If you feel that will never happen , than your very ignorant , because Pearl Harbor was one of the single-most worst American tragedies before Sep. 11th and they just made a video game about it . So do n't buy this game , war is wrong plain and simple . Why encourage a game that is not fictional ??? Remember you are not playing a ficitonal scenario in this Medal of Honor game , you are playing the real WWII , which clamied the lives of thousands of Americans .
 I bought this game for $ 63.00 . There was only one store in my town that had it and i just bought it . DUMB IDEA !!! The graphics are amazing for the ps2 and the scripting and voice overs are great . I took this game home so excited , i poped it in and played for about 7 hours . i went to sleep and the next morning when i woke up and started to play on ... i defeated the super carrier and shot down all of the planes , and the end credits roll up on the screen . I was in shock ! When my dad got home from work he asked me how it was and i had to lie to him and tell him that i had only gotten half way . He would have been extremly angry if i told him i had beat it on normal mode in 7.5 hours.Though this is the shortest game i have ever played , i have to admit , when i was unaware that i would be finnishing the game in hours , it was awsome , the graphics , the sound with dolby digital , the control was great , the ai was great , and the detail of the levels was incredible.if you are really want this game rent it first , and if you want to prolong the moh experince play it on hard mode.prosincredible graphicsgreat aiextreamly detailed mapssound will knock u off ur rockerconsthe shortest game ever -LRB- except for ghost recon -RRB- character runs like grandma
 Following the purchase of Frontline , I was excited to purchase Rising Sun . My elderly grandparents spent most of their hard-earned social security money on this game for me for Christmas . They spent $ 50 on this game for me . On Christmas morning , I tore open the wrapping paper , and was thrilled to find the two disks within the case of the game . `` This is going to be great ! There must be many missions if there are two disks , '' I thought to myself . Immediately , I began to play the game . The first mission , Pearl Harbor , was not only terrible , but also quite historically inacurate -LRB- one man did not shoot down 58 planes -RRB- . Each mission got worse and worse . However , I continued to play this game , thinking that the missions would get better . I WAS DEAD WRONG . The last mission -LRB- of only 8 -RRB- , was horrible . After blowing up an aircraft carrier -LRB- which was quite unrealistic -RRB- , I saw the credits roll by . `` That was it ? '' I pondered . This was the worst game in the history of the entertainment industry . The greedy fools at E/A Games thought that they could trick kids into purchasing this game . The fat cats in charge of the company were probably sitting around in their million dollar offices and said `` Let 's create a cheap , short game , and sell it for $ 50 . The kids are so dumb , they 'll buy whatever garbage we produce . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME !!! Also , if you did n't notice , all of the positive reviews of this game are the same . I believe the CEO of EA Games has written all of them .
 Wow , just when you think videogame programmers ca n't get anymore lame ... trash like THIS is made . Lets make something loud and clear in regards to this game.It 's STUPID!Enemy A.I.
 Very dissapointed in this game ... not fun at all
 The Medal of Honor series is famous for releasing great historic war games . With the instant success of MoH
 This game sucks . Its so unrealistic . Its crap . Dont buy this peice of crap . Its doesnt even get 1 star .
 This game is part of a long line games in the Medal of Honor Series . They have made several prestigous games , but this one is certainly laking . The game play is fun , but it is far to easy for the average FPS gamer . You would be much better off renting this game at blockbuster because it can be beaten in under three days by someone playing for two hours a day . When comparing this game with Call of Duty for PC there is no competition . Rising Sun is deficient in all catagories compared with Call of Duty . So save your money and by Call of Duty , because you will enjoy it more than Rising Sun . Overall this is a flashy game with good graphics and guns , but it lacks in every other catagory .
 The game begins , you try to get yourself out of the inards of your burning ship , Neat . You get on deck and begin shooting at zeros . Your first 3 shots cause a passing zero to burst into flames . Luck perhaps ? You continue to to shoot and soon you have downed 20 + Japaneese planes , which is quite an achievement concidering that the planes shot down where more in the neighborhood of 2 . And then the game spirals into a blur of disapointment , rage , and ridiculosnes.I am an owner of every Medal of Honor game ever released . And untill this point hey have mixed great graphics , great gameplay , and a nice amount of historical acuracy to make games that where so much fun i felt compelled to beat every level on the hardest difficulty . Until Rising Sun.Rising sun is a major step back in the series . Not only graphics and gameplay wise , but in every part of the game . Nearly every aspect that made previous games fun has been taken out , and replaced with things like the letters from home . You get said letters at the end of every mission . They are cheesy and confusing coming from a videogame that seems to almost make an action-packed saturday morning cartoon out of the bloodiest conflict that the world has ever seen.I can go on and on . The game is obviously not finished . Enemies get stuck in walls and shoot you while you can not shoot them back . And in a particularly ludicris segment you ride an elephant with a machine gun mounted on its back -LRB- obviously a Japanese secret weapon -RRB- I dont know wheather to feel rage , pain , or sadness . This game has singularly tarnished my favorite videogame series .
 I am very disapointed in the medal of honor games there is not enough missions ! for what I paid for this game it should have more missions it only took me 5 and a half hours to complete this game it should have taken me longer and there should be more missions so for this game I have to give it a big thumbs down
 The title of this review speaks for itself . I got this for a Christmas gift and I still felt like I got robbed . Like many of these other people said , it only took a matter of hours to beat this game . There were a couple of levels that I thought were `` okay '' -LRB- Phillipines and one other I do n't remember the name of -RRB- , but most of the time I was playing just to see if it was ever going to get better . Nope . The biggest disappointment is definitely the A.I. of both the Japanese and your allies on certain missions . An example of this was on the Guadalcanal stage . I sat there for a couple of minutes watching the Gunnery Sgt and this Japanese guy do some `` hand to hand '' combat . The Japanese soldier kept stabbing the Gunny with his bayonet . He never did kill him . Other annoying things are the little elephant ride , the whole entire carrier mission , and that useless opening Pearl Harbor scene . And finally , you aim your weapon and it takes FOREVER to pan and tilt your aim as if you are doing it in slow motion.Yeah , I could go on and on about the flaws in this game . Do yourself a favor . Do n't buy it . Do n't rent it . Borrow it from a friend . He or she probably wo n't mind giving it up for a while .
 The Medal of Honor series has been popular for a long time . After all , who does n't like playing the same event -LRB- World War 2 -RRB- 25 times?Anyway though , `` Rising Sun '' is an example of how a company can get away with making trash , and still have it get decent reviews , and have it sell well . `` Rising Sun '' is a horrid game , and is considered a letdown even to most Medal of Honor fans . `` Rising Sun '' does absolutely nothing new , with a series that had already been around for years , upon years . At the point of `` Rising Sun '' Medal of Honor was already considered an established series for Sony.Anyway , when it comes down to it , Medal of Honor 's `` Rising Sun '' game is a disappointment on all levels . The gameplay is linear , and is often totally ridiculous , and the story is well ... nothing new either.Only pick up `` Rising Sun '' if you want yet another horrid first person shooter , with nothing special in it .
 Multiplayer for Medal of Honor
 This game is just all right . We enjoy playing it on 4 player & teaming up . I wish there was an option for auto target or an option to see your man but there 's not . The boards are a lot smaller on multiplayer . I think this is a good game to rent but do n't recommend purchasing it .
 If you played MOH Frontline , you will approach this game with a certain excitement that will go away once you realize the game is over . It is a short game and , at times , confusing . After you destroy the aircraft carrier , you get the impression that there is more , but there isnt . The game leads you to believe that you are moving on to save your brother , but that isnt the case . EA , please reinvest your profits into your games . Wake up , people stopped buying FIFA , dont let that happen to another one of your great games , MOH !!
 After playing Medal of Honor
 This game STINKS ... We have the first 2 Medal of Honor games , and with this one , they rearranged all the controls . And not for the better . They managed to make everything harder than necessary.The controls are very unnatural to use . They make no real sense . EA should have kept the old controls and concentrated on the gaphics . The graphics in RS are pretty good , but the whole game play makes little sense . All in all , if you havent played the first 2 MOH , buy them instead , if you have played the first 2 , you will most likely be disappointed with Rising Sun .
 I agree with Mark on all counts regarding this game . Additionally , I believe that MOH Frontline should be used as a marker against which to compare the new installment , as EA Games set standards with Frontline that should regularly be achieved by similar games . Cons first.Again , the AI is tiring and redundant , and the levels are all essentially the same . Yes , you get to shoot down planes , etc. , but that addition does not make up for the boredom caused by the rest of the game . The only thing I 'll say about the elephant is this
 Well Rising Sun was not at all what I expected ! Finished the game in two sessions of 2-3 hours , and when I thought I had completed a level , it was finished.Frontline took me just shy of two weeks of 2-3 hours of play a day and I still went back and played it again and again . It is an awesome game and it is back in the PS2 . Rising Sun is the next game I will be trading in at the local electronics store.If you want it know what the game is like , rent it first ... . If you really like it after that then go and buy it , if not you only wasted $ 10 .
 week upon week i traveled up to the local video store hoping to get the new MOH and onee day it 's there so i put it in the ps2 and it 's kind of like the terminator ... kill kill sometimes have a hard mission , the AI sucks the japs do nothing there accuracy is horrible even on the HARD difficulty level the extremely anti-climactic ending . WAY to easy i beat it in 1 day and took it back , no re-playability . back to its to easy , way to easy soooo many surgical packs and medicine cantines even a 8 year oild could beat this game . . take my advice dont even rent this game , find a friend who has it and borrow it , i dont think they 'll care it 's so bad
 I , too , waited a long time for this game to arrive and WOW , was I disappointed . The first one was excellent but the new one is kinda sucky . The Japanese soldier doing a baynot charge is fun but very dopey after a while . It needs major work ... wait and rent it before buying .
 Despite the critisism that this game gets and all the people harping on it , i must admit that it is somewhat decent . Overall gameplay is mediocre of not rightout horrible . the welrod gun and rigley field were what i loved most about it . pearl harbor was ok but the enemies always flew in the same old predictable patterns . maybe worth renting ... buy MOH Frontline instead .
 This game is awful . Very bad graphics by a first person shooter . Ugly , bland enviroments with bad atmosphere . Seems they went bachward from the first one . They now added a multiplayer mode witch is essential to a good FPS , tobady is sucks . I never understood what was going on and it is easy to get lost in the jugle witch all looks the same to me . Get red faction 2 instead . Did ' t live up to the standard as the first one and is a huge disappointment .
 low quality , deceptive trash , there aught to be a law , that says if not 100 % saitsified , 100 % on the 50 bucks would be refunded . i will think again , before i get another moh game . very disappointsd
 I absolutely hate this dumb game!the controls are crappy and gameplay is the worst!I 've expected more from the medal of honorseries!Buy european assault!good advice !
 IM with the other guys who said about you guys not knowing what your talking about.I mean come on you cant possibly know because its coming out in november.Your acting like youv played them .
 STINKS !!! BUY `` XIII '' AND YOU WO N'T BE DISAPPOINTED !!! THATS ALL THE ADVICE I CAN GIVE ... `` XIII '' IS MOST `` UNDER '' RATED GAME OF YEAR !!!
 I got this game for Christmas and I beat it on the same day . It was way too easy and way too short . I beat it in less than three hours . It has pretty dang poor graphics and I do n't like that you have to shoot the dirty japs about 4 thimes to kill em . I was disgusted that it costs $ 50 brand new and if you want to take it back you only get $ 25 . I hope this helps you .
 Unbelievably short game . Seems like EA simply wanted to pump out a follow-up to the hugely successful Frontline before people forgot about it -LRB- and in time for Christmas -RRB- . Takes about 1/4 the time to complete as its predecessor . I just could n't believe that I 'd reached the end of this game within the first couple days of purchasing it . I was a HUGE fan of MOH Frontline and was anxiously waiting for this one . In a word ... disappointing .
 The Medal of Honor series should have stayed on the PC . Although the graphics and sound score are great , using the controller on a PS2 is incredibly awkward and frustrating . I 've never played a game even on a console where one thumb/joystick is for you to look up and down and the other one is to look left and right . Not to mention the reaction time is slow and unless there is an ability to increase the sensitivity of being able to strafe left and right faster there really is no point . Using a mouse on a PC allows you to use your whole hand to direct your line of fire rather than relying on your thumb . I feel robbed paying $ 50 for a game that I do n't want to play anymore . If you have played Frontline you may like this game but if you are mainly a PC gamer like myself I 'd wait and save your money until hopefully they put this game on the PC .
 I 'd say that the game is worth the wait instead . I advise that you wait until this game becomes one of PS2 's greatest hits so you can buy it for twenty dollars . Frontline was by far the greatest game I ever played , so I knew that I had to get the follow up . What a big mistake . There were only eight boards that were not even tough to beat . Frontline had 19 boards , each one was longer , and each involved some skill and puzzle work . Unlike RS , the Axis soldiers in FR were challenging , and the boards and buildings were cleverly designed . Rising Sun 's easy boards make you follow a path , which requires no thinking , and the Artificial Intelligence is retarded . Your ally soldier often gets stuck in certain parts of the board -LRB- i.e. chairs and tables -RRB- . Axis soldiers just run out into the open so you can just easily kill them . And if you think increasing the game difficulty would work , it does not . All that does is require more bullets to kill someone . It takes 3 sniper rounds to kill the enemy - 3 ! The whole point of a sniper gun , EA , is to kill a guy in one shot . The only reason I give this game 2 stars is because of the online feature . I play this for hours certain days . But EA managed to find a reason to mess that up for me too . For some unknown reason , I was permanently booted from the online service and I never got an e-mail saying why , and EA claims that they do send one . So , I called them up and they said that the Tech . department has no control over what happens and that I would have to ask a question online through an e-mail . I sent two , and the first they did not even respond . In the second one they replied saying I need to update my e-mail service in order to receive a response . Who knows what that means since I 've never changed my e-mail address ? Keep it simple
 Like many others here , I am a diehard MOH : Frontline fan . I 've played and re-played it , never tiring of its graphics , gameplay , and rousing score , all of which perfectly combined to create an incredibly satisfying experience . Kudos to the guys at EA.Rising Sun , however , is no Frontline . Minutes into the game it becomes embarrasingly clear that the team that created Frontline had no part in this . In fact , they left EA to create Call of Duty . None of what made Frontline so spectacular is here
 Me and a friend of mine played Frontline for 2 weeks and could n't put the controler down . WELL FOR RISING SUN WE THREW THE CONTROLER 'S DOWN AFTER ABOUT A DAY IN TOTAL SHOCK OF HOW SUCKY THIS GAME IS . IT 'S SHORT , LAME AND NOT WORTH 50 BUCKS . If your going to buy this with your HARD EARNED MONEY wait till the hype dies or rent it . Go by FRONTLINE . AVOID PAYING HARD EARNED CASH OR YOUR MOM AND DAD 'S FOR THAT MATTER AND BORROW IT FROM A FRIEND WHO WISHES HE/SHE NEVER BOUGHT IT .
 i am a huge MOH fan - so i write this review with disappointment . first , i blew thru the entire game in 1/2 day and kept waiting for that ` awesome ' mission that abounds so much in FRONTLINE
 To those of you who are in the middle of playing this game , do n't bother to finish it . After about 6 or 7 levels , the game is over with a terrible climax . In MOH Frontline , you find the Nazi which you 've been chasing for most of the game and kill him toward the end . However , in Rising Sun , you end up chasing this Japanese guy and never actually get to him . To me , it 's obvious that the makers of this game were more worried to get this game out by Christmas time than to actually make a quality game , and rushed the end . Also , to beat this game , it takes absolutely no effort at all , even on hard difficulty .
 Do n't even bother . I was so disappointed by the first two levels that i quickly resold it . Everybody was praising and hyping up the opening attack on Pearl Harbor as better then the beach landing in MOH Front Lines , but MOH Rising Sun dropped a big fat bomb . If you like shooter games buy SOCOM 2 for sure .
 Frontline is my all time favortie PS2 game , so I had really been looking forward to getting this game . All I can say is that the only thing this game shares with Frontline is the name `` Medal of Honor '' . Boring game with lame levels and storyline make this game a terrific waste of money . Whereas I still play Frontline from time to time I will never play Rising Sun again now that I have completed it . Should have just rented it as I can think of better ways to waste 50 bucks .
 ok i thought this game was gon na be da bomb , but just to make sure i rented it before i bought it and that was a good move ! i finished the whole freakin thing in like 5 hours , so then i played multiplayer with my bro and finished it in less time ! the other medal of honors were atleast 10 missions this one was 5 ! i dont know what ea was thinking ! well this more a game to rent than to buy ! but there were some cool parts but nothing great ! if u really want this game wait until its cheaper !
 I totally agree with Philthadelphia 's review above . When you play this and the credits roll , you wo n't believe it . I thought `` Interesting that the credits are in the middle '' . NO ! It 's actually the end!If you have never played the other MOH games , go buy them . They 're great . And you can probably get both of them for the price of this one.If EA thinks that this is going to get me to buy the sequel , they have a lot to learn -- a total ripoff .
 MOH Rising Sun is a HUGE disappointment . After playing the opening attack on Pearl Harbor level I turned it off it was so aweful . The game play is tedious , unimaginative , and boring !!! Spend your money on SOCOM 2 , a much much much better game .
 Medal of Honor
 This game looked good when in all truth it is a mediocre game . The levels where allright and the game was WAY TO SHORT it did not take me very long at all before I got to the end . Which really sucked by the way . The multiplayer is allright that 's probably the best feature of the entire game . I have not tried the Online so I do not know if that is worth buying the game for 49.99 $ The game really is probably a 2.5 I hoped this helped you I wish I would of read a review that would of told more of the TRUTH about the game . . !!
 I am so disgusted with this game that I refuse to even see it to the end ... WHAT A WASTE OF $ 50 . If you have this game , do yourself a favor and trade it in ASAP . Get yourself a real game . I will not even bother commenting on the game play cuz I think most of the guys here did a great job of describing it . Just do yourself a favour and let that god-forsaken game collect dust on the shelf . The creators of this game should be ashamed of themselves !!
 I am a very big fan of the medal of honor series . I have had evert medal of honor part dating back from the PS one.I was really hiped up for theis game , and when it came out i went and bought it for 40 . The starting scene is a pile of sh*t compared to medal of honor frontline . I completed the fu * king game in 2 hours flat . anyperson who wants to buy the game , i insist you rent it out . This is probably the worst ever game that has been released on PS2.All the the people that think that this game is good are sad and need a life .
 This game has some very beautiful and exciting battle scenes . However , my main complaint is the length of the game . I finished the game in 3 short nights -LRB- about 7 hours -RRB- . When I reached the end , I could n't believe it . I spent $ 45 for 7 hours . Maybe the online play makes it worth the price . If you are not a online player , rent it at blockbuster . Its worth the rental for the pearl harbor scenes .
 the graphics were the same as frontline , the levels were to short and it was to easy . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 at first i thought this game was great and everything but soon found out that it was horrible the graphics were n't that good and hardly any weapons were there and the single player is just plain boring after the first few levels . the online is ok but all it is is a free for all killing spree with no strategy whatsoever im glad i just rented this game and did not buy it
 i cant beleive how some of these ppl right reviews for games they havent played if u want the facts then read a review when it comes out.their is no point in reading these reviews cause these ppl know nothing about it unless their tester
 Had very high hopes for this title as `` Frontline '' was really an enjoyable gaming experience . This game , to be blunt , sucks . Incredibly linear-no thought processes are needed here . Just run exactly where the game leads you -LRB- you have no other choice -RRB- and continually shoot the dumbest and most predictable a.i. ever implemented in a game . And the length of this game is pathetic-you 'll finish it in under 2 hiurs guaranteed if you have one brain cell . Never ever consider buying this big stinker .
 GARBAGE . IF YOU WORK FOR A LIVING PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . This game is not your MEDAL OF HONOR . This should re-title it plastic crap with CD .
 I ca n't give this game much credit , with the exception of the audio . The game is very short . Six hours on an FPS is laughable . Half of that prblem is the AI . I do n't know about you , but when I need to reload I try to take cover . Instead `` they '' go to an open area , stop , then start reloading . That is n't AI at all . The walking fungus in Mario was smarter.The weapon selection is a bit on the short side . I know it took place in WWII . I also know there was more than FIVE guns -LRB- a fire extinguisher does n't count -RRB- . Yeah , I can mount guns . They look a little different , but feel the same . Sorry.I might be too critical of this game because of anticipation , or maybe the game was over-hyped . I gave it a chance , and I was let down.P.S . There is always XIII
 After playing MoH Frontline and the PC games I came to expect a lot out of the MoH line of games . Maybe my expectations were too high , but this game has some serious downfalls . The biggest downfall is the pitiful AI . What was EA thinking ? Oh , wait , of course , use the MoH name and suck money out of people . The best part of this game is the first few minutes of play while in Pearl Harbor . After that the game becomes a joke . MoH Rising Sun is too short , too easy and has no intensity . There is no tactical fighting ; it is simply straight `` rush in '' combat . The only difference between hard and normal difficulty is how fast you take damage , it does nothing with the AI . Want a brainless shooter ? Then this game is for you . Want a strategic game ? Look to SOCOM or pick up MoH Frontline for $ 19.99 or less . Frontline is definitely better . I am thinking EA spent all the development on the online aspect of MoH RS and then threw together some quick levels for single player . I love online play of most games , but I will not even go there with this one ; the single player version left me with no desire to play the online mode .
 ook.First off , this game has about 1,000 problems , I do n't know here to begin , so I 'm not . I 'm just going to say , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME unless you are a hardcore Medal of honor fan or something.I mean God , they got lazy when making this game . The only thing good -LRB- besides a few other things -RRB- is the Guadalcanal mission.So save your money and buy Pacific Assault next year .
 THIS GAME IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah , for the first five minutes . Very unrealistic very stupid and very boring . I beat this game in 1 hour . I have beaten it 13 times in 4 days on the hard level !!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHH it sucks !! I spent 35 dollars on it and it sucks !! Your friends cant die unless it is a video . You can get hit 30 times and not die . Graphics suck . There is one level were you have to be stealthy and not get heard or youll get caught , well , I took out my loud gun and just started shooting all over and nobody came to fight me !! You dont need skill to beat this game . Dont waste your money buying , or renting , this game . Get SOCOM 1 or 2 instead if you want fighting . The story sucks and so does the diologe and graphics .
 Just like Frontline , but at least Frontline had a redeeming first level , D-Day in dolby digital . But after that the game got bad . Mainly due to the fact that they pumped you up so well with the first mission , and then the rest of the game was quiet and slow.And , they continued the quiet and slow theme . Overall , even multiplayer does n't redeem this game , too few people playing together , no co-op , nothing ... Do n't waste your money.Also , to kyle on this page with the big long review , there is no D-Day because A
 Another Medal of Honor , but with Pearl Harbor this time !! WOW . This is going to be unbelievable . Months and months of anticipation goes by . Talk about being dissapointed.Although Rising Sun offers some new weapons and adventures over Frontline , the involvement , strategy and intensity is completely lacking.I am not a professional game player as evidenced by me still trying to finish Frontline on hard level . But therein lies the key difference . I still enjoy playing Frontline whereas Rising Sun seemed to be more of a chore to just get it over with.Forget about challenging yourself as there is only one difficulty level -LRB- easy is my guess -RRB- . This game plays as a first person shooter and nothing else . If you like an all out gun assault on the enemy , here 's your game . Japanese soldiers are completely stupid and either stand still when you 're 3 feet away or run at you full speed . Feel free to shoot at him as much as you want and ammo is EVERYWHERE . Get sliced in half from his muchetti ? No problem . Health can be found every 20 feet . I believe I died 4 times while completing this whole game . While I 'm complaining , you should also know that the grenade button was changed . Ultra annoying because I found myself dropping grenades instead of switching weapons . There is also no throw control.One the plus side , I realy did enjoy that you can play two player and team up with someone . That was really cool and a nice addition over Frontline -LRB- minus the new simplicity and abbreviated boards -RRB- . When is this going X Box Live?As mentioned , I still have yet to see the ending for Frontline , but I 'm sure it 's more interesting than this anticlimatic ending . You easily sink an aircraft carrier and you 're done . I remember saying out loud , `` That 's it ? What a waste . `` So overall , we have a great concept , good graphics , new storyboard , but left me completely empty - like eating an appetizer and then just leaving.I hate that my brother spent his hard earned money on this for me on Christmas .
 This game was a big flop !!! It did not live up to Frontline . The enemies are truely idiotic . They will do suicidal charges , which are really annoying.You also have to shoot several times before they die.The graphics look pretty pathetic . They look like stinking stagesets and the trees look 2-D or paper like.However the missions that deal with Pearl Harbor are amazing . They feel so real . You even can shoot down planes !
 This game was not nearly as good as FRONTLINE . When you get shot , it takes away more health than necessary . Plus , the Japanese are excellent marksmen in this game -LRB- unrealisticly -RRB- . I would buy a different game .
 I would wait for this game to go down in price to $ 20 . It took an honest 9 hours to pass , and the ending was terrible , you would think that since the last one came out , it would take longer to pass . Best bet would be to go and rent the game for a rew days and not waste the 40 extra it would take to buy it , unless of course you enjoy playing and passing games mulitple times .
 I had very high hopes for this game . Although I am a bigger war buff towards the European theater -LRB- I just like shooting Nazis -RRB- , I thought it was a good switch to finally have a Medal of Honor game that took place in the Pacific . Right from the get go the attack on Pearl Harbor and the resulting escape from and defense of the USS California had my attention . The scenes , sounds , and visual were so realistic looking , that I actually felt tears welling up when the USS Arizona was sliced in half by the Japanese bombers.As good as the Pearl Harbor sequence was , the rest of the game was utter crap . The graphics were no better then Frontline and the sounds , although great in the Pearl Harbor sequence , were only average throughout the rest of the game.My two biggest complaints about this game are the difficulty and length . This game is EASY ! Even on the most difficult level , the Jap soldiers ca n't hit the broad side of a barn for the most part ! Not only that , but I could pick them off from long distances using just my M-1 Garand or even my pistol . Apparently , Japanese weapons did n't have great range . And talk about short ! Fifty dollars for a game that I finished in about TWO hours ??? That is definitely not worth it . Frontline took me several days and the Nazis inhabiting that game had dead aims.The co-op game play was even worse ! Take everything that I said in the above sequence and then remove the aircraft carrier scene ! Now the game is even shorter , and with two people , you can certainly zip through it much more quickly . When my friend and I finished the game , we just looked at each other like ` that 's it ?? ` To finish , I will reiterate that I am EXTREMELY disappointed in this game and I will be trading it in at my local computer store ASAP and buying Knights of the Old Republic for my PC .
 I bought this when it was first released for the PS2 . I had high expectations due to its predecessor , Medal of Honor Frontline . This game was a huge disappointment to say the least . You start out sleeping in a bunk below deck on a naval ship in Pearl Harbor . The Japanese attack , and you need to get to the top of the ship and fight them off while you escape . So , the beginning of this game is not too bad , and I was mildly interested in the gameplay . Then things went downhill . I can sum it up with one sentence
 Medal of Honor
 Argh ... I gave Gary Grisby 's World at War many chances , and I hate the whole game . I play as Nazi Germany . When the going gets good , the next thing I know , Germany declares war on Russia without my permission . Yeah , I know Hitler did it ... but who is playing the game , me or him ? If I decide to invade Russia , the Allies decide to go against me with all its fury . At the same time , Japan is not helping me at all ; the Japanese is so close to Russia that it refuses to do anything against Russia even though Japan has joined forces with my country . Some of the factories I have are completely useless because they will only make supplies . Come on ! I need tanks , planes , and infantry . But noooo ... I got to worry about the partisan attacks . Then , the Allies decide to take over North Africa . But I have my hands full already . Why ca n't the stupid boat carry the resources over from North Africa to my factories to help me out some ? I ca n't even win the sea battle because my country is pretty much in last place when it comes to naval ship total . What ... is ... really ... the ... point ... of ... making ... this ... game ???????????? I 've tried everything possible , and I ca n't seem to catch a break . Gary Grisby 's World at War is an addicting game , but it is virtually impossible to win , even at the easiest , easiest , easiest level . It is also time-consuming because the turns take forever . I plan to uninstall the game and forget it ever existed because I 'm so eternally frustrated to have come so close but ca n't quite seal the deal because of some stupid circumstances which did n't necessarily have to happen that way . I really hate this game . Give me Command and Conquer anytime over this piece of crap because I simply ... like to win games . I 've thought about playing Germany and Japan at the same time , but I just got better things to do.P.S . I just beat the game , conquering the whole world for Germany and achieving Total Victory . The game is quite lame and boring , and I spent three marathon sessions in doing it so . Once I figured out the formula , the game becomes one-dimensional .
 Game is cool but some stuff complicated and dont make sense . I should have passed on this one .
 Can you imagine having to study a 128 page manual to be able to play a simple game ? That kind of computer game went out with the 1980s . Let me quote from some of the tiny print in pages 55 and 56 of the manual pertaining to the unit display : - The number at the top left is the number of units of this type with the given attributes in the hex . - The number at top right is the remaining Movement Points for these unit -LRB- s -RRB- ... - A target with red X on top of the unit icon indicates that the unit was fired at at least once during the current movement phase . - Three barrels displayed at bottom left indicates the unit -LRB- s -RRB- has been supplied this turn . - A green arrow at the bottom indicates the unit -LRB- s -RRB- has moved Tactically this turn . - A red arrow at the bottom indicates the unit -LRB- s -RRB- has moved Tactically and has used Extended Movement -LRB- expending additional supplies -RRB- this turn . - A blue arrow at the bottom indicates the unit -LRB- s -RRB- has moved Stategically this turn.And on and on to cover check marks , torpedo icons , a chain with a number , different colors of explosion icons , and the meaning of a small number in yellow.One reviewer said the game takes minutes to learn . If you are a fast reader with excellent comprehension you might be able to read and digest the manual 's glossary of terms in minutes.If having to read and digest 128 pages of tiny print to figure out how to play a glitchy game with limited replayability makes a game good , then this game `` Renews the genre of wargames '' as one reviewer put it .
 i just do n't like playing this game . . i like ww2 games alot but this is just not fun for me.i thought this game was going to be a few steps ahead of the last axis and allies game . it 's not , it 's just very boring ...
 I have been playing strategy games for 15 years . This is the worst I have ever seen .
 This game has play by email as the multiplayer version !!!! I mean the original Axis and Allies had tcp/ip at least ! Are they trying to build a great game for the early 90s here or what ?
 The name `` Gary Grigsby '' sold this game for me . I got ta say this is just not up to my expectations . I cut my teeth on `` War in Russia , '' way back when . I 'd play WIR -LRB- if I had a copy -RRB- over this any day . Contrary to many reviews , I found this game overly simplistic . It 's on too grand a scale . Time passes away in huge chunks . Before I know it , it 's 1945 and I never feel like I 've accomplished anything , even though I may have reach a goal .
 I was pretty excited when I first read about this game since I am a huge fan of the ` Axis & Allies ' genre of turn based wargaming . So I bought it on the day it came out . That is when the trouble began . I would get halfway through a turn when the game would crash . I waited until the first patch came out and downloaded it with no improvement . So then I posted on the tech support forum at the game website and got a pretty quick response that my sound card was too outdated and was n't supported -LRB- in all fairness that part was true -RRB- . So I went out and bought a brand new SB Audigy 2 sound card . When I tried to run the game I would get completely through the first turn and it would crash at the end this time . So when I posted to tech support again they told me that I should n't have bought a Audigy 2 sound card , that they have issues . So I sold the game on Ebay . Buyer beware ...
 I really wanted to like this game but it 's just too slow and limited . -LRB- Read the other comments on this . -RRB- If you 're an utterly diehard wargamer who does n't mind sitting there while the AI makes all manner of moves might be OK will this . This ca n't be overstated ... following every turn you could eat a meal while waiting on the AI to do its thing . The obnoxious thing is unless you sit and watch you might miss something critical . I could n't imagine what it would be like with one or more human opponents . Plus as other comments have stated there are the built-in scenerios and that 's it . The game 's just not worth learning to hack alternatives.This game should 've been so much more . Even just having an option of fast turns with end-phase balloons with blurbs of what happened in each area even would 've been enough for me.Two overall stars for being so close and the work that must 've gone in to create it . One for what it 's really like to play .
 I have been wargaming for over 30 years . I do not care for this game as there is no diplomatic abilities what-so-ever . There is no way to persuade Spain to join the Axis . Yugoslavia signed the Tri-partite treaty and became a member of the Axis , even if only for a short time due to a British led Coup d' Tat . Turkey massed 3 million men on the Russian border waiting for Germany to win at Stalingrad . so they could join the Axis by declaring war on Russia.The game is very complex , not realistic and to stiff to play . As a member of the Europa Association in the early 90 's and the flexibility and freedom that a board game gives you . This is not for a person that wants flexibility and the ability to change history.I was expecting to much from this PC game . If you want flexibility and the opportunity to change history , do not buy this game because it is not there . you can be the Germans and lose every time ... you can be the Japanese and fair worse than they did in real life . If you only ever want to be the Allied powers then this is the game for you because you can destroy the Axis each and everytime.This game was a waste of money.if it is Axis and Allies you want then buy it and save the money for something more worth while
 This game is enormously overrated . First of all , you have to have the time and the energy to master the complexities of the rules . Then you are pretty much limited in what you can do in terms of winning the game . There is apparently only one major way -LRB- with minor variations -RRB- to win as Germany , for example , and you have to be able to figure out the formula for doing so . Once you do that , there 's nothing left to do for the next game . You 've passed the test ; now you can graduate . That 's what it feels like . So you 're hemmed in by the complexity and the rigidity of the game . It really is n't a great deal of fun .
 They sent me the wrong cable . It only outputs sound to one ear of the headphones per plug ...
 If you want to find a 2-way stereo output , please do n't choose this , because this is a mono output , Unhappy , Do n't believe it is the stereo output :--LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 First , the jacks did n't work correctly . When I pushed the headphone cable in all the way , the sound was in one speaker at a very low volume . Pulling it out just a little made it work as desired , but then you ca n't move ! Also , the description says black and so is the picture , but what I got has red and white jacks . I 've returned them .
 Beware ! Picture accompanying the item description is a 1/8 '' to 2 x 1/8 '' stereo Y-adapter . Item received was a 1/8 '' stereo to L/R mono cable .
 ordered Belkin F8V234AMOB 6-Inch Audio Y Cable received the Belkin F8V234 Speaker and Headphone Splitter instead . According to another review the Y cable is exactly that a Y cable that allows one signal over two ports . The headphone splitter on the other hand splits stereo into left an right channels . This is not an acceptable substitution .
 This cable does n't do what its supposed to do . What it is supposed to do is replicate audio from the female to the male jacks -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , without any alteration . This cable may be useful to some people wishing to combine 2 mono signals into a stereo signal , or split a stereo signal into 2 mono signals , but that 's not in the description . Its a waste of money , and at the price it is , its difficult to justify the return process .
 This game is the victim of extremely poor netcode . There is a 20 % chance of getting into a 2v2 game in Free Mode , and close to 0 % in Campaign mode . It is supposed to support 5v5 , but no one in the US has been able to come close to that . My connection is a 2mb DL/512k UL.Capcom & Microsoft are playing the blame game , and the customers are left out to dry . I recommend getting something else until -LRB- or if -RRB- these issues are fixed . It 's really a shame - the game itself is outstanding . If you ca n't play an online-only game online ... what good is it ?!
 Xbox live , which is required to play this multiplayer only game , does n't support it anymore . No point in buying it .
 I would love to be able to write a review about playing the game , but becouse Capcom does not state on the box that you can only play their game if you buy a special controler I have no clue what the game is like.Not only that but I can not even find the controler to buy -LRB- or how much for it -RRB- . I do not like to bad mouth some ones product , but when I pay $ 45.00 for a game I would like to be able to play it . I just thought you might want to know about the controler befor Capcom suckers you into spending more money just to play thier game
 ... But it 's not worth $ 40 unless you have never owned a playstation 2 or dreamcast . If you have this game already and are thinking that it has been completely remade like the first game , that 's simply not true . This game has no graphic touch ups and no extra videos -LRB- the review here that said there was extras , he was referring to the extras in CVX as opposed to the original CV on the dreamcast . This is the PS2 game ported to the game cube . I.E. . The exact same game as the PS2 version.Shame on Capcom for not remaking all of their resident evil games ... they ca n't justify making this game $ 40 while you can get the remake for $ 20 right now . If you have a gamecube and have not played RE 0 or the Remake , you should get those before you even consider this one . Wait until it goes down to $ 20 . And if you have a PS2-this is definitely worth a pick up at the $ 20 price . The storyline is excellent , the cut scenes are pretty good . Anime ? I 'm sorry but I do n't know what that guy was talking about .
 Do not buy this unless you want to pay more for the same PS2 Title.There is nothing different in GC Version.Do not buy !!
 This game sucked , bottom line . I bought it `` used '' from Gamestop and talked my way into returning it so that I can get something better for my hard earned money . The cut scenes are so cheesy -LRB- who 's with me in saying that this Anime crap has gotten out of hand already ? -RRB- and the controls are too annoying to get used to . Silent Hill games are so much better than Resident Evil games .
 Seller should have said that he bought it used ! -LSB- could tell by the YELLOW sticker saying USED -RSB- . This game HAD more scratches than my sons game , which he has had since 2004 when they first came out . I say HAD due to being so upset with it I DISTROYED it and found another one on ebay . I will mark this seller and never buy from them again .
 Being a huge fan of XSN Golf for Xbox , I decided to try Tiger Woods ' game because of all the rave reviews I 've heard . I was so disappointed . The controls are rather difficult and hard to master . Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004 is not that much different from last year 's Tiger . The analog swing is unchanged , letting you control the power and direction of your shot with a back-and-forward motion on the analog stick.One of the big new additions to Tiger Woods 2004 is the `` game face '' feature that allows you to create your own pro golfer with a rather painstaking level of detail . This player creation mode lets you define virtually every aspect of your player 's appearance . For some idea as to how extensive it is , there are 18 different attributes that can be modified in terms of facial structure alone , not including facial hair , eye color , skin tone , and what your golfer 's teeth might look like . Truly , the level of character customization offered by the game face feature is unparalleled.The only nagging issue with the Tiger Woods games that EA has yet to address seriously is the game 's soundtrack . For the past two years , EA has been assembling seemingly random collections of contemporary licensed songs and calling them soundtracks .
 Players are not different enough cause you only get Tiger.I dislike how putting is done.Too many arcade elements for a `` sim '' game.CPU AI is not worth playing against .
 This game freezes more than the prarie in Montana!A total waste of money . AND try to get support ... GOOD LUCK !
 There is one major and serious problem with this Electronic Arts game . If you want , and you will need need to , drive the ball with a power shot you ca n't do it reliably . You have to keep flipping the L-1 button so fast that you ca n't get any power on the ball because you ca n't flip that button fast enough when producing the backswing . It is terrible ! It is left to luck and this absolutely ruins the game to the point it is totally unplayable . You ca n't drive that ball down the fairway to the pin . It will always fall far short in yardarge and you ca n't compete with other computer generated players because they will always beat you to a pulp with thier power shots going perfect . After days of trying to get this power shot to happen on a reliable basis I could not . With great frustration and anger I threw the game into the trash where it belongs . I wasted $ 50 . Never again will I buy Electronic Arts games . Poor quality control and frustrating game play . Do n't waste your money on this game like I did .
 A shame . NASCAR Thunder 2003 established EA as being the frontrunner in platform racing games . With NASCAR allowing to license itself to several racing games -LRB- such as NASCAR Heat -RRB- , Thunder allowed for a happy medium between players who wanted a career simulation -LRB- the essence of EA Sports games -RRB- and those who wished for a game to just be able to pick up and play . Granted , Thunder '03 lacked in some areas on both sides , but the upcoming new year offered optimism of the ultimate platform NASCAR game.Thunder 2004 has the looks of an upgraded game -LRB- along with a few more bells and whistles -RRB- , but for simple playability , the game has taken a big hit . The rival/alliance feature , which had so much potential , is a joke . While the way EA approached the feature would be more accurate on a more exact simulation where contact is rare and easier to control , it ruins the fun of any arcade player . Contact happens in NASCAR in general , and especially in a game like Thunder . However , contact in Thunder 2004 assures you of an opponent spinning you out or putting you directly into the wall a few laps later . There is no `` grey '' in Thunder 's rival/alliance feature , only pure black and white . Having an `` ally '' is barely noticable , and only assures you of not having a car directly ram you into the wall if you brush against them in the race.The career mode is a challenge , in a good way . Your team is horrible to begin , as it should be . It would have been better to see newer -LRB- or just different -RRB- sponsors during the career feature for your car , but it 's a minor gripe that does n't take away from the game . However , getting over the hump of being bad to being average will be a total challenge considering that most gamers make up for their lack of equipment by being a bit more `` aggressive '' on the track . However , even being the slightest bit aggressive in Thunder '04 will get you put straight into the wall and to a bottom five finish.Sure , there will be gamers that appreciate the challenge , but the average gamer will find themselves quickly frustrated with the rival/ally feature , and even more so when they realize that it ca n't be turned off.Definately a warning here to rent first , and buyer beware .
 I loved NASCAR Thunder 2003 and figured they could only make it better ... was I wrong !!! I agree that without good AI in a NASCAR game then the game wo n't be very much fun ... but I think EA took it too far or did n't tweek it enough ... The grudge an allience thing is way overdone!The AI does n't `` pay you back '' . . They `` SLAM you back '' - case in point ... My first race of the season at Daytona half way through the race I barley traded some paint with another car ... then on the last lap -LRB- can see the checkers -RRB- this same car happens to be right behind me ! He is able to catch me on the inside -LRB- remember I can see the checkers -RRB- and from far on the inside lane he cuts his wheels 90 degrees to the right and slams me into the wall ! NOW any real NASCAR fan knows that that would NEVER happen ... no driver is going to be going 180 + MPH at Daytona being in like 9th place right before the flag and even be slightly concerend enough to want to pay someone back ... let alone try to destroy them -LRB- which this car did by the way ... I did n't finish the race ! -RRB- The game is more a demolition derby now ... than a NASCAR race ... and I do n't like it!They also changed all the handling on the cars ... they are sloppy now and the car never feels tight or loose to me anymore like it did in 2003 ... Now I just slide my way through the corners ... yeah it wears my tires out ... but it does n't feel right ... and tires never seem to be an issue!I can honestly say ... other that a few minor -LRB- and I mean minor -RRB- added graphics improvements and some announcer commentary -LRB- which is also wrong a lot of times -RRB- that there is NOTHING I like better in 2004 than in 2003 . Nascar Thunder 2003 was actually a much more enjoyable game !
 I thougt this would be a cool game but I was WRONG !!!!!! I think racing in boxes would be much more fun and real then this . I got it and its so lame . Just touching someone makes them like -25 in rivals and later they slam their car into you and then you go like 80 yards into the sky , come down on your hood and you are still running good speeds . What a joke !!!!!!!!! The only thing good about this game is that Tony Stewart is on the cover .
 Well , I have to agree with the author that stated EA messed up what used to be a good game . I constantly play Nascar Thunder 2003 and thought that 2004 looked better . WRONG . Granted , the graphics are a lot better , but that 's the only thing that has improved . The gameplay has been ruined - the graphics are so overdone that a white `` wall '' of what looked like smoke would appear every so often in the game . Personally , it looks like EA just used the code for the PS1 version of the game and beefed up the graphics . The sound is pathetic - does n't even sound like a real car like 2003 does . It 's also not compatible with the Logitch wheel . The same day I bought my copy I had it up for sale if that tells you anything .
 Nascar Thunder 2004 PC versionOverall , I like the concepts this game tried to bring in . But there are SO MANY SCREW UPs , that I can rarely get through a race . So I have made a list ... 1 . Viewing Replays during a Race - If you view a replay during a race , and you exit the replay while the part you are replaying is a previous pit stop , you come out of the replay on the track , wherever you stopped racing to start your replay , then suddenly , it says `` Black Flag - Speeding down pit road '' . Even though you were just reviewing a pit stop , it saw your speed when you went back to the race and busts you .2 . Auto Caution Laps Driving - If you enable this function , prepare to get upset . If you pit and the field gets the one to go while your pitting , you will exit the pit lane and go only about 90mph . At tracks like michigan , daytona etc. . This is no where near enough to catch up with the end of the field and you start at the green a 1/2 a lap down .3 . Driving too slowly penalty - This penalty happens sometimes so quickly that you dont have a chance . You get ahead of a car you are supposed to be behind and the computer tells you . You wait for it , he blows by , then you get the Driving to slowly warning . At some tracks you about have to wreck yourself to not get black flagged .4 . Ahead of a car your supposed to be following penalty - I have had several instances where I am behind the car I am supposed to be following , and on the correct lap , and it still tells me to get behind that car . The green flag waves , I get black flagged .5 . Caution Laps - 1 mile tracks and up ... way too many caution laps . - Shorts Tracks . . not enough . If you are in the middle to back of the pack at martinsville , and you try to pit . By the time you get in the pit , they get the 1 to go and by the time you are on your way out , the green had dropped.Bottom line is ... This game has a lot of fun stuff on it ... but if you really want to do a career mode seriously . . it will drive you insane.EA Sports has not yet been able to produce a Nascar game that is even in the same league as Papyrus Nascar Racing Season 2003 . With that series of games gone now ... I look to EA Sports and I am thoroughly disapointed . I Hear that there are big changes for the PC version of Nascar Thunder 2005 . I can only Hope .
 I ca n't believe I actually decided to buy this game ! For a die-hard Bionicle fan , the game is that much more terrible . The acting is bad , the story is inconsistent , random , and does n't follow the official story , the character designs are ugly , and , most of all , the game is just bad . If you have the money lying around , and have the choice between this game , and a giant , novelty pen , I would buy the pen . Trust me , it 's more entertaining . The game is bad , and the developers should feel bad . End of line .
 Got this game for my grandson and tried it to see if I thought he would like it . I lost interest in this game very quickly . It is very easy to get killed because the camera angle is poor and you cant see where you 're going . So definitely requires some gaming skills and patience . It seems very slow moving . I highly recommend getting Bionicle Heroes instead . Heroes was very easy to get interested in and much more fun to play than Bionicle - in fact I couldnt put that one down and neither could my grandson
 I got this games for $ 4.99 and it still was not worth it . It is one of those cheap carbon copy games that simplymaps the Bionicle images on to crappy unimaginative and poorly designed game play . I expected better fromLego , that they would have made an effort to have somebody produce a quality product . The game is short , yet still managesto make itself tedious . Its a minimum effort mass market get it out there quick and milk as much money with the least amountof effort video game that appears so often now . This email took more thought and effort to create than the Bionicle game.It will just frustrate young users and adults who have to play the game for them .
 My boys , 9 & 5 , are huge Bionicle fans and asked for this game for Christmas . It is now Jan 9 and both of them have beaten it !!! The graphics are okay , nothing phenominal , and the kids seem to have had a good time playing it and say they will play it again . But where is the challenge when the 9yr old beats it in 2 days and a 5yr old can beat it in just a few more days ??? Save your money on this overpriced day of entertainment and rent it instead .
 Oh wow , where to begin . I guess I should flat out say this game was very very disappointing and probably not worth even the 12.99 I paid for it , but at the time I figured , what the hey , I used to be obsessed with those little LEGO toys when I was a kid , maybe this videogame will be a way to ... I dunno , go back to that time without actually playing with LEGOs ... as I do n't play with LEGOs anymore , thought I should clarify that . When I was in Game Stop on this faitful day ... not even 4 days ago , I 'd like to point out , it was a decision between this , Xenosaga , or Kya , and I have to say I made the WRONG decision.I guess we 'll start with the good . The game was modestly fun to play through , with each level varying in not only outward appearance , but also the way you go about winning it , whether it be snowboading with the Toa of ice or riding a crazy mine cart thing through an expansive cave ; fun , maybe immature fun that should be aimed at little kids , but fun all the same . Also , a few of the normal enemy battles can test your skill just a tad , trying to shoot down 3 or 4 of those dragonfly enemies while deflecting their attacks to refuel energy needed for yours . That 's about the extent of the possitive though.Now the negatives ... and boy do they outweigh everything else . First of all , and I know this has been said before , the game is too freakin ' short ! I bought this game on New Year 's day , and here I am writing a review on the 5th -LRB- I do n't review the games until I 've beaten them -RRB- . What 's more , is this is n't even the only game I 've been playing for the 4 day period , so I might have only put say ... 2 or 3 hours into beating it . Secondly , for the most part , there were many unsatisfying and misleading aspets of this game . For one thing , you may get to be all the Toa , but with the exception of maybe one ability -LRB- the toa or air can glide -RRB- , you basically have all the same moves . Despite the fact that Onua has two drills on his hands , Lewa duel wields swords , and Gali has those shovel shaped weapons , you do n't get to use any of them . No , all you get to use is the standard `` elemental blast '' which all the toas have , only in different colors -LRB- oh boy -RRB- . Also , and this ties into why the game is so short , alot of the concepts are n't taken very far . For example , the Bohrak Kal , which are supposed to be a huge elite squad of Bohrak enemies , only take up one level , and then poof , moving on to the next big set of enemies that will take me like ... 3 minutes to beat . Another example of this would be the random changing into the toa nuva after the second level ; if they wanted to lengthen the game , why not have 6 levels , one with each toa , and then 6 more as the toa nuva , that would at least make 12 -LRB- As it is the game only has 8 levels , some of which take less than 15 minutes to complete -RRB- . A contributing factor to the shortness of the game might be the difficulty level , since for the most part , all the levels are very easy , especially the bosses . I found myself saying `` that 's it ? '' quite alot when playing the bosses at the end of levels , because it seems like just when they 're getting warmed up , they die -LRB- The best example of this is when you 're Onua Nuva and the way to beat the boss requires nothing but pushing a few rocks a good 5 feet onto a circle pad -RRB- . Even the final boss took me less than 10 minutes to beat ... way too easy . And what 's worse ? If it 's not too easy , it 's insanely difficult . I ca n't tell you how frustrating the stupid lava surfing level is , it was near impossible for me , but maybe I 'm just not too good with that . As a final thought , there 's pretty much no plot to this , it 's just `` Oh no , there goes a Bohrak , let 's chase it ! '' then later , `` Oh no , there goes a Rakshi , let 's chase it ! '' Collecting light crystals is also very pointless and effects the storyline in abesolutely no way whatsoever.All in all , HUGE , and I mean MASSIVE , waste of money . I ca n't justify buying this , and I ca n't even recomend renting it , although if you do you 'll no doubt have time to do everything this short game has in it and still have about three days left until it 's due back at your local Blockbuster . Bottom line , buy something else , anything else , but if you 're looking for recomendations , the new Ratchet and Clank game is quite fun . -LRB- Although I have n't beat it yet so there is n't a review for it , but there will be sooner or later -RRB-
 My 9 year old loves Bionicles and was exicited when getting the game . He will tell you that it is cool ... but , the graphics are average at best , the game play is relatively easy , and the biggest disappointment is the game is VERY short . We limit daily playing time , and he still beat the game in a few days . For the price this game is a joke , marketed by name not game quality . We are slow to finish most games , but this one was really short . Rent it , and save your cash for a game that deserves it .
 This game is trash . I am a huge fan of rugby , an ex-player , and a current coach . This game is so terrible I gave mine away as a joke to a friend of mine and he thanked me over and over because he had considered buying this electronic heap of poor intentions.I do n't know what other people are talking about who say the gameplay is fantastic -- it 's utterly awful . If you have ever played a game like `` Winning Eleven 6 , '' you know how smoothly games can flow that are supposed to . Sports like football and golf do not apply because they are supposed to have constant stoppages anyway . This game is embarrassingly piss-poor . Who cares how many teams there are or what players it includes ? The game is so boring to play that it could have aliens with frogs hopping out of their backsides and it would be more interesting to play . The rucks are slow , the lineout and scrum calls take forever , and there is no opportunity to call plays in the loose , which is the way the game should be played . Everything about this game is nauseatingly pathetic , especially given that EA Sports was behind it . They should hang their heads in shame.Save your money and buy yourself anything else . I 'm trying to think of a game that was a greater disappointment or waste of money , but I can not . If you own this game , send it to anyone who is thinking about buying it -- they will thank you .
 Despite looking forward to this game 's release for a long time -LRB- like many rugby fans -RRB- , this is , with the best will in the world , a total waste of time.My primary reaction is that this is unlike any other EA Sports game I can think of . The basic hallmarks of an EA game are not there - graphics , animation , gameplay.It 's a pity because the game had promised so much - and in terms of having the licenses , teams , players etc it is a fantastic update of the first rugby game . Unfortunately it is unbearable to play . The players look wrong and move unnaturally . The control system is frustrating . It is hard to co-ordinate your team . I could go on.I 'm sure with some more time , this could have been an excellent rugby game . My view is that it has probably been rushed through to be in the shops in time for the world cup.Here 's hoping that EA will be back with a decent stab at a rugby game in the not too distant future . My advice would be to wait , and not waste your cash on this .
 I really enjoyed EA 's last rugby game despite its limitations , particularly the lack of teams and competitions . Consequently , I was really looking forward to this one . What a joke . This game is truly unplayable . I thought I was missing something because I could never get going in this game despite being very proficient in the last one . Then I read the reviews and realized that I was n't alone in my dismay . I just wish I would have seen them before I purchased it . What a waste of money . I would have thought that a next generation game would be superior to its predecessor but this seems like a version made in the Pong era.Don ' t buy .
 I like countless other rugby fans , have been counting down the days to the release of this game , and was shocked when I turned it on to find that all it is , is an updated version of the old Jonah Lomu Rugby game that came out in the mid 90 's . This game is far from what EA Sports tried to make it out to be . The pre-release videos , are not even close to the actual game , it is a joke ! The graphics are SNES like , and the game play is horrible . This game has no pickup and play ability , and after 5 hours of playing , I still was more than lost . I love rugby , and despite its many flaws , I actually enjoyed the first release of EA Rugby , I even bought a copy of the PC version from Australia . This game in my opinion is worse than the first . I give it 2 stars because at least the Super 12 teams are there , but not being able to play with them does little good !?!? The most fundamental of things like passing , in this game is rudimentary and unintelligible -- passes never go to the intended player , and creating a back line movement is next to impossible . Boy , what a disappointment ! EA Sports should be ashamed and embarrassed !!! I know for a fact that gamers in actual rugby playing nations are not going to stand for this substandard rubbish ...
 I tried to listen to the good reviews , paid $ 20 for this game.What a waste . I enjoyed rugby 2002 , and thought this had to be better . How wrong I was . I just hope whoever sees me selling this nearly new item on half.com does n't read this
 Lets face it - the game of rugby is quick and intuative - not so this neolithic piece of software . Jonah Lomu rugby from Codemasters was a much more playable game if a little unrealistic - this is just tedious , tedious etc. . The joy of quick passes is impossible and it just is so unlike the real game as to offend . I can handle the graphics being as poor as they are if there was a tiny bit of gameplay there - but no . I will be taking my copy back as they have forgotten to put a game of any form in it . Stick to the football and golf games , theres more fun to be had watching Bristol play than play this .
 I went to the store to get Tiger Wood 's 2004 but I saw this game and decided to get it seeing as how much I like rugby . This game is n't playable . It bites . And the worst part is , I ca n't return it . Do not waste your time on this cheap looking cheap playing piece of worthless crap .
 In this day and age you 'd expect a game within this costing bracket to have a better interface and functionality . Probably rushed through to coincide with the end of the World Cup .
 What the hell was EA 's budget for this game ? , by the quality of the game id say about five bucks.I dont even know where to start about how bad this game is , so I wont ... AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE !!!
 Shame on EA sports for rushing this awful game out when they had a perfectly good rugby game in Rugby 2000 and all they needed was to tweak that . Instead they went with an all-new engine , which is riddled with flaws , such as the inability to pick up the ball in open play without starting a ruck , the near impossibility of kicking while running , and the all-too-easy conversion kicks . There 's a whole laundry list of errors that make the game unplayable . Get Rugby , the first PS2 game instead . It is MUCH , MUCH better than this piece of trash .
 This game looks like a multi-player version of snood made by a Japanese developer . If you are looking for multi-player action then look for something else.Pros
 Bust-A-Move Bash ! for the Wii takes a classic bubble-bursting arcade game and brings it to the Wii . How much you love it depends how hooked you are to this style of gameplay.If you 've played games on any platform you 've probably come across this style of gameplay . It is found everywhere . There are rows of colored bubbles on the top of the screen . You have a bubble launcher on the bottom part of the screen . Your aim is to get three or more bubbles of the same color to touch . If you do , all of those bubbles will `` fall down '' . Over time you clear the screen of all bubbles if you 're good enough.I think part of my issue is that I 've played this game SO many times on so many different platforms - and in many cases it is done far better than it is presented here.The sound is annoying . It is a high-pace , electronic kind of song which gets annoying very quickly . Even kids must wear down after hearing this too many times . I 'm not sure anybody could find this enjoyable.I 'm a fan of the Wiimote and use it on many games . Here it gets frustrating . You 're trying to arrange a bank shot off a wall and it just does n't go properly . This game is all about making those angles work . When the controller gets in the way , it 's not fun.The backgrounds and menus are sub-par . So many other Wii games do amazing jobs with the menus and graphics . Here they are simple and cheezy . They do n't even have to be special ! They just have to be professional looking , and they are not.Add in flying saucers which zoom across your screen to distract you , and not a lot of variety in the game play , and I 'm just not connecting with this one . Again it 's not that I mind the premise ! I own several `` bubble '' style puzzle games and enjoy them as well as Tetris . I like strategy games . I like that they 're good for all ages . But the implementation of this one is just not up to standards.So absolutely if you love this style of game , I recommend you get yourself a copy of ANOTHER VERSION of it . This one here is not nearly the best option available.I purchased this game with my own funds for the purpose of doing this review .
 I decided to pick up the Wii 's bust-a-move bash , here 's a quick review of the pros and cons . It offers some new control layouts , thanks to the wiimote . Most importantly , the controls work well and enhance the gameplay . The gameplay is the usual bust-a-move goodness , with some added flying saucers that offer special powers , pretty cool stuff . If you do n't know the bust-a-move formula , it 's an action puzzle game like tetris , where you shoot different colored bubbles upward , trying to connect 3 or more to make them disappear . It 's been around for a long time , and that 's because it 's genuinely fun . But what i 'm noticing in bust-a-move bash is how bare and empty this game feels . Even the main menu will give you an empty feeling inside , i 've seen cooler menus on the nes . But the menus do n't matter , it 's the lack of depth to the game modes which is hurting this title . There are less then a handful of modes - the regular puzzle mode , which has tons of stages , so that 's a plus . Endless mode is exactly what it sounds like , and it 's always fun . Shooting mode is a super simple shooting gallery game , it really is n't very good , especially compared to the shooting games on wiiplay , wariowarez , super paper mario -LRB- all of which are vastly more enjoyable -RRB- . Multiplayer is fun , but there really are n't many options to change the experience . Except for being able to determine how long you 'll play against your friends , you ca n't really change or tweak anything , so you 're left with the same experience over and over . The mutiplayer is enjoyable , do n't get me wrong , it 's just a bit too shallow though . You would 've thought the developer could have easily added a couple extra modes , but apparently they did n't have the spare week it would have taken them . Basically to sum it up , this game is good , but it 's shallow . If you 're a bust-a-move fan or you want another casual game to add to your growing wii collection then go out and buy this . This is a perfect title for the wii , because it will really appeal to the non-gamers out there . For more avid gamers , you 're probably better off waiting for this game to drop in price , which i 'm sure will happen by years end.Presentation - 4If you get a 4 out of 10 on a test then your parents should spank you . This presentation pretty much sucks.Graphics - 6The graphics are fine considering this is bust-a-move , expect simplicity and you wo n't be disappointed.Sound - 5The music is pretty annoying , but i tend to think that about most games . May appeal to very young gamers.Gameplay - 9I 'm gon na add a little extra umph to my gameplay score , because this really is an enjoyable experience , especially with the wiimote . Good for non-gamers too.Lasting Appeal - 6The gameplay itself has lots of lasting appeal , simply because it 's bust-a-move . But where we should have tons of modes and options , instead we have a nearly empty desert.OVERALL SCORE - 6.5 I would especially recommend this title for non-gamers , children , and seniors .
 This game is nothing like the arcade version . You can win with no strategy and just about by aiming at anything you want . It goes on forever , it 's boring !!!
 This game is not that good . The EA sports series for hockey are getting to complex and boring , like this one . You do n't have nearly as much control as the other Hockey games , and the slapshots stink!Get ESPN NHL HOCKEY or NHL HITS PRO .
 played a game . . player control is hard and unrealistic . passing is slow , getting a crisp , quick pass off is not possible . you have to charge up your pass to get a hard one off , and by the time you 've charged it up someone take the puck from you . that is not realistic at all.i can never get my player to move like i want it to . they kind of just float around going in the general direction that i point the control.franchise mode on allows for one person to run a franchise , so dotn plan on playing this thing with your friends.in closing , this game suck . espn is a little better , but not a whole lot . ea sports needs to hire me , i can help them fix this game up real fast .
 Amazingly this game is more arcadey than Hitz Pro . Get ESPN hockey if you want a real hockey sim and Hitz if you want a fun game . Pass on this one !
 I love hockey . I have most of the EA games before this one and I really like them . So I rented this one , and thank God I only rented it . I hate this game . It wont save settings , passing in the game is incredibly stupid , and it will edit your lines automaticly if you sim any games . Plus the controls suck something fierce . If you like hockey than stick with NHL 2003 and pray that NHL 2005 is a lot better . Plus I only gave the game one star because there was no option to give it zero stars .
 ok , why would they make a hockey game like this . Sure the graphics , and music are good . And thats about it . And i know that we all like a hard hitting hockey game but this sucks . You cant skate 2 feet without being dropped , which really pisses you off . and the passing , its hard . And if you want to set up a one timer you cant , your guy will just skate on by it . And the controls are ok , but if you want to go a different direction you cant and youll just start going in a circle . Well the only thing left is i hope ea makes a better hockey game next year because getting hit in the head with a hammer is more fun than playing this game .
 Dynasty mode is a bright spot in an otherwise less than thrilling hockey game.Many of the reviews that I 've read speak about how ` realistic ' this game is in comparison to other years ' . What they 're really saying is that they 've taken much of the fun huge hits out of the game , and made the players more difficult to control . What we 've given up in the name of ` realism ' is not made up for in high quality in other areas . I would be glad to give up the ridiculous hitting of some previous versions of the game IF I felt like I had more control over my player , if my teamates reacted appropriately , and if it was n't stupidly easy to block a shot with a player.My point is that they 've taken away some of the really fun , more arcade style ` blast an opponent into next week with a huge check ' , without actually make the game a realistic representation of nhl hockey . The problems ? Here we go
 I rented this because I accidentally thought it was the NHL2K3 series which has turned into the ESPN hockey series . I started to play and notice the extreme lack of control in the game . The basic ICE camera mode stops about 20 feet away from the goalie so scoring is kinda rough in the beginning . Comparing this to last year 's NHL2K3 is pathetic ... 2K3 is smooth and total control when this one seems more graphics oriented but no playability . I live and die with the playability and this lack makes me want to play NHL 95 or 97 two of the best Hockey Games ever because of ... you guessed it , the playability .
 NHL 2004 shows some signs of being a quality game , but lacks far too much to actually achieve this . Some features were improved , others took a step backwards and the result is an average at best game that could have and should have been so much more.We 'll start with the gameplay . The computer is able to use this incredible little `` Hold/Hook '' feature to get the puck from you at will . Last I checked Holding and Hooking were penalties , but the computer is hardly penalized for these infractions . Naturally you might think that turning around and hooking/holding them would be successful , but do n't worry , the computer is able to skate right through hooks and holds . This leads to many frustrating encounters as the computer effortlessly strips you of the puck while you have to bash a computer guy through the glass to get the puck from him.The passing can also be frustrating , guys often cut or spontaneously change their direction after you fire off the pass . I thought I had finally got passing down , was getting 80-85 % passing and then I was hit with a game in which I completed a whole 56 % of passes . As far as I know I did n't change anything . The nature of the beast ? At any rate , passing , while it is n't guarenteed anymore -LRB- that 's good -RRB- is perhaps a bit too random now.The camera angles are also rather poor . I do n't know why EA messed with it 's cameras , but for any of the vertical camera angles the `` up '' net and the area behind the `` up '' net is impossible to find the puck in.The off-ice features are a mess as well . First of all , no more NHL Cards . OK , OK , so you never used them anyway right ? But you could unlock stuff with certain cards and earning points to buy card packs was a nice extra element . Well all that is gone . Instead in NHL 2004 there is a menu option called `` Unlockables '' . Oh , how original . I believe it is tied in with your EA Sports Bio and periodically it pops up and gives you a new unlockable . Exciting , is n't it?Now how about that new Dynasty mode you ask yourself ? Well , it 's a start at a good mode but is riddled with problems . First of all is this upgrade stuff . You get your team in a crippled state , their facilities are horrible and you have to use upgrades to get them to average and then beyond . Until you do that 's a big ol -10 OV to your players . But every other GM faces this problem too , so the playing field is level ... everyone just plays with slow 70-75 OV players until they get their facilities up.Of course , that 'll take about 35 more upgrade points than you start with , so you 'll need 3500 exp points . That 'd be 350 trades or 1750 wins . Win a Stanley Cup or two along the way and it 's probably only 500 wins.That 's not the only problem either . Dynasty Mode conviently forgets to mention when players are injured and refuses to even give you an injury estimate . Perhaps this may be related to the medical upgrades , but I should still be able to know if he 's in serious health trouble or not . The effect of back to back games on your players is also ridiculous , do n't expect to win the back end of any back to backs
 I always wait for the EA NHL Series . How disappointing !!! The use of the analog stick makes it ackward and very hard . The defense on this is horrible . I will never out shoot the other team . The least EA could have done was to leave the player controls in the D-pad . They made this game very tiring and frustrating to play unlike the old games , which you did n't seem to be dominated every time even against weak teams.Better luck next year EA and get rid of the analog control .
 I have purchased NHL 2004 for the ps2 , the graphics are great the special features great . But gaming controls suck !!!! in one hour of game play using having to use the analog , I have spranded my thumb . Also the players are too slow , for example if you playing the computer player , they move 50 times faster than you . the best i could do in one hour of play was get 4 shots on net and thats shooting from center ice and the computer in the ps2 has like 80 to 120 shots on me per game !! It was the biggests waste of money I ever spent . Buy ESPN Hockey 2K4 .
 I have been a huge fan of the EA NHL hockey series since it started in 1993 . I was excited for this years game b.c of the depth they had seemed to add with the dynasty mode , etc for the PS2 . The problem is that the gameplay is absolutely atrocious . First off , you do not have the choice of using the digital controls to control the players . The analog controls are very difficult to use to make quick dekes and actually control the player at all . Second , it is almost impossible to knock a player down . In previous couple games they had a big hit button , which was very effective . In this game it does almost nothing to players ... i 'm sorry if Ed Jovanovski hits Pavel Bure he should fall down . They have a new checking system using the right analog control , but that is very hard to use . Third the defense is much improved , but i think way too much . I usually have been able to fair well in past games on the Difficult setting , but in this game i had trouble with easy . I actually would have liked the past games to be a little harder , but this is rediculous.I think the Dynasty feature would be really cool if i did n't absolutely hate playing the game . The only fun i had was simulating through the seasons ... to avoid actually playing.DON ' T BUY THIS !!! I am going to get the ESPN hockey game ... better luck next year EA .
 I recommend Sega 's ESPN NHL Hockey over this game . ESPN has better graphics , realism , replay value , and unlockabls.If you doubt me than go to www.ign.com , www.gamespot.com , or any other major website which reviews games and they 'll agree with me . NHL 2004 simply lacks behind ESPN NHL Hockey in every aspect .
 i just finished with my rental of nhl hitz which i turned in a few days before it was due because there was no real dynasty mode like nhl 2004 has . however , i returned this game the day i rented it becuase its gameplay is incredibly sluggish and slow ... i strongly suggest renting this game before you buy it , because i cud never imagine buying this terrible game
 Well , it has finally happened . While EA has sat on there thumbs year after year , the competition has finally surpassed them.I 'll make it simple
 Both Hitz and ESPN Hockey are much better !
 I didnt think itwas possible , but EA followed up on its horrible NHL 2003 with a much un-improved 2004 . The controls will drive you insane , EA needs to learn that more controls does not nesscarily make a better game.Second the gameplay has actually found a way to be worse then 2003 . Slow and erratic movements , impossible checking make this game just as bad if not worse then 2003 . NHL 2004 will soon find its way to the local funcoland .
 First , I want to say that what EA has been able to do with graphics is amazing . This looks just like a real hockey game , and despite what some of these reviews say , it USUALLY feels like a real game ... the keyword here is usually.I am so sick and tired of spending one to two minutes in the zone generating shot after shot , having beautiful scoring chances just to have the puck come into my zone and a wrister from the blue line beat my goalie ... it is disgusting ... Someone earlier said it is `` like the computer is trying to cheat . '' As dumb as that sounds , it is true . You can sit in the zone and throw 15 shots on goal and have every single one stopped with amazing saves only to have the computer play it into your corner where you nail them into the boards but they do n't fall down and end up passing -LRB- while being hit -RRB- to the slot and pulling off a one timer ... If this is n't ridiculous enough for you , I was just playing the game as the Philadelphia Flyers against the New Jersey Devils on Medium . At the end of the first period , I somehow had a 4-0 lead because I was playing a perfect game . I allowed only two shots and was ripping their defense apart.Then in the second period , the Devils score 3 goals in less than 1:30 . All of a sudden , my 4 goal lead is a 1 goal lead less than 5 minutes into the period . I ended up losing that game 8-4 ... that is B.S.My advice to you , unless you have infinite patience , do NOT buy this game ... the frustration outweighs the new features ...
 Being new to Hockey games , I Warmed up on `` easy '' mode and spanked team after team , with huge leads in goals . I felt that it was time for `` medium '' mode . I played a few of exhibition games on `` medium '' and managed a win in one out of three . The New York Islanders was the only team I could beat . I figured that if most of these games would be nailbiters , I 'd be fine with that , so I plunged into Season mode . Here I can not score a goal if my life depended on it . For a `` medium '' setting , it seems like it 's on the hardest setting . Your entire team , when not under your control , plays like they 're from the minor leagues
 I was exited about the release of this game , especially after I heard that EA decided to do a major overhall for 2004 . Last years felt like I paid for NHL2002 again . This years game is significantly different that last years . The graphics are much better and the player movements look superb . Unfortunately the game is very difficult to play and is a struggle to find fun.EA still ca n't seem to find a balance between making a game challenging and keeping it fun . On the easier levels the game is too easy and on the difficult levels the game is not fun and you feel like the computer is cheating.Passing seems to be impossible in this game . The controls feel numb as compared to other years . The online gameplay is non-existent because I ca n't seem to get it working and technical support is no where to be found . By the numbers of posts I have seen on internet groups I am not the only one having problems . Other annoyances include online error messages that include a code with no other description of what the problem is . Great so now I can take the error code and scour the internet to find why the $ 50 game I just purchased is n't working . Great job EA ! Save your money , the game will leave you frustrated after hours of giving it a chance . This will probably be the last EA sports game I buy .
 this game is below averge ... some aspects of this game are good -LRB- i.e. the fighting mode , soundtrack , online mode -RRB- but most are very bad . the graphics arent that good and the gm mode really sucks.If your team isnt a top 5 team in the nhl right now dont count on getting to the playoffs.I platyed for 11 seasons and put out all-star calliber players and didnt make the playoffs once . whats up with that . and the oppnents poke check works every damn time they put it on u , no matter where they are positoned!my advice is to check out ESPN NHL hockey
 NHL 2004 is a huge dissapointment ... i get nhl games every year and this one blows ... nhl 2003 is so much better . In 2004 they make the gameplay more & amp ; quot ; realistic & amp ; quot ; which kills the game . The passing is impossible to get it to the person u want to . I think the gameplay itself is terrible . NHL 2003 is so much better to play . ya i admit NHL 2004 is better for dynasty modes and stuff but the gameplay has gone way down from the year before . The only thing that i can say is better is the fighting . Everything else sucks
 this item is supposed to come in a 2 disk package and only came with one which is only one half of the program , a total waste of money , it didnt even come in a protective jewl case as advertised !! it came in a photocopied piece of paper kind of envolope and i will never buy from this seller again
 It &#34; opens &#34; very slowly , then you are faced with a blank box that never fully opens . Very disappointed . Children frustrated .
 Slow running , pixels are ridiculous , learning ?? What on earth could it be teaching there are like two activities that teach . WORTHLESS ! WASTE OF MONEY
 I ordered this for my youngest grandson 's Birthday . So it meant a lot to me that he receive a nice gift for his 3rd Birthday . The package arrived and box was labeled that it was damaged and opened and contents may be missing . My Daughter tells me that as far as they can tell no parts are missing . I am not happy , not happy at all with this order .
 This game has a great story line . Other than that everything else falls short . I bought this game when it first came out based off all the reviews.The game play is very slow , and when I say slow I mean very very slow . Abilities are limited and not really needed . Your standard attacks become vastly more powerful and are quicker to use . The combat get overly redundant even for an RPG . The combat sounds are highly annoying and very little between characters and attacks.The story is great . The only reason I played this to the end was to see the ending -LRB- and the fact that I was to close to the end to just throw it out the window -RRB- . The characters themselves are pretty well diversified with a slight amount of depth.If you are looking for an RPG that 's great storyline and gameplay to keep you addicted -- this is definitely not it ! . If you love the classic RPG style and really want something for the PC without using an emulator than you might be amused for a short time .
 This is a very entertaining game but it 's filled with all sorts of annoying glitches . It got to the point where I just stopped caring to play because I knew from reading a few articles that once I got to a certain point in the game , I would n't be able to continue because of a really bad glitch . There are patches you can download online to fix some of the glitches but it does n't help them all . It 's sad because this game has potential and it 's predecessor was very entertaining but I just ca n't get past all the issues with the glitches .
 I 'm really not sure if I can recommend this game for most players . I 'll give you the facts and let you decide.Let 's start with the bad . This game was n't finished when it released . It was pretty irresponsible to put out a game in this condition even if you 're having corporate trouble . There are several quests I just could n't finish because of game mechanic problems . One in particular is a quest where the characters get to the end of the dialog tree and just do n't leave dialog mode . You are done . Go back to your save . There are other quest related bugs that forced me to re-install the whole game just to continue in the game . This was not a side quest either . It was the main quest ! I ended up having to re-install twice just to finish the game . If it were n't for a great online community constantly updating unofficial patches for this game I would never have been able to finish at all . Also , if you are looking for a first-person shooter , skip this game . The gun-fu is pretty week in this one.Now the good parts . This has all the makings of a fantastic RPG . The NPC characters are dynamic . The vampire clans are all fairly unique and make the game a new experience each time you play . The game world is open and full of things to quest on . Even with all the problems , I found this to be a truly great game experience . It is also a great representation of the first World of Darkness . That may be why I actually finished the game . Plus , from a horror stand point , there are some really good , creepy scenes in this game . If you make it to the ocean-side hotel or the back alley porn studio you will see what I mean.That reminds me . This game is definitely not for the younger kids . If you want to keep the sex and violence from the kiddies . Skip this game!So , what was all that about ? You really have to decide if this game is worth your time . Even at the low price it may be more aggravation than it 's worth . You should lose sanity because of what you see in the game , not because the game does n't work .
 Ugh . I can appreciate the `` Vampire mythos '' , but this game has a problem with execution . Overall the plot and storyline was ok , but I could n't tolerate the bugginess . The game just got slower and slower as it moved along , probably some sort of leaking somewhere . IT shouldnt take 3 minutes to load a game , go inside a building , etc. . And even with the patches a few of the quests were still bugged and couldnt be completed . I knew this game had minimal/horrible testing at the 4th dialog spelling mistake in the first few hours of play . Horrible .
 First I 'd like to say I 've played kotor + kotor II , they ran perfectlty on my computer -LRB- pentium 4,512 ram ,2.4 GB w/9600 radeon vcard -RRB- . This game wow so buggy it was painful , my blood pressure went through the roof.It has a decent story and could have been ok.Dont waste your time and money on this one . Sorry for the bad news I was looking foward to being a vampire too .
 The only really good things I can say is that this game is a very accurate recreation Vampire RPG and the graphics are pretty good.Each type of Vampire -LRB- Ventrue , Malkavian , etc -RRB- is accurately depicted . Your choice affects your dialogue options and how other vampires perceive you . For example , if you choose a Malkavian you get odd , almost non-sequitor , statements that the NPC you 're talking to has to figure out.The bad points in the game are numerous and should have been obvious with even cursory testing.Off hand I can remember words mispelled -LRB- hte instead of the ; uor instead of our -RRB- ; incorrect usage of words like
 it was a great idea but the graphics and glitches brought it down
 The only thing you do in this game is nothing . Do not buy this worthless peice of trash and waste all your money . The only word I have to describe Vampire
 First off , I pre-ordered this , LOOK AT THE DATES OF THE REVIEWERS . Interesting how many `` rave '' reviews are posted prior to this game being shipped.Here 's the interesting reality , this game is both great , and it stinks.The game is a fantastic RPG . The plot is well developed , the quests are interesting with a few twists , there are some minor complaints ... but none too major . There are not too many time sinks , but actual entertaining quests and puzzles.However , the game released with numerous bugs . My system well exceeds that which is required ... and I 've had problems . In fairness there are people who have insisted they 've had `` no problems '' with the game . Funnily enough one person ranted they had NO PROBLEMS no crashing ... and then went on to detail ` except for that one time ... ' 0_oMy personal opinion ? Everyone has had problems with this game . However , the extent of those problems seems to be a crap shoot . Certainly if your PC is n't up to par , you 'll have difficulties ... but many people who did have system specs which far exceeded had fatal bugs that caused crashing so they could n't complete the game -LRB- there have been workarounds posted though -RRB- . My honest advice ? This game IS worth buying ... when it 's patched . It 's an RPG that is the only one I 've seen that could be on par with KOTOR . The dynamics of the world it 's set in , is extremely interesting.The game is extremely ` adult oriented ' , and they 've seemed to go out of their way to do so . Profanity , adult situations , interesting outfits , blah blah blah . I think some of it is meant to be a little shocking , but I did n't find anything offensive personally . But I thought I 'd mention that because where KOTOR could be played by younger kids , this game is far more adult.I gave this game a 5 rating for fun , that 's ignoring the bugs and glitches . The bugs and glitches earned it a 1 star . Once that 's resolved with patching , that obviously would increase.Again , I 'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes a really well done RPG , or anyone who likes VTM ... once patching resolves the numerous problems . Until then , buyer beware .
 I get a black screen upon launch and must reboot my computer a dozen times afterwards . I 've emailed tech support , downloaded a patch , and perused their problem board all to no avail . Now Doom3 works fine on my system . I dislike their solution , though I tried it , of changing my registry . I think software companies shouldnt even dream of suggesting to customers that they edit their registry . Instead , they should put out a playable game . As it stands , Vampire
 Great game , until it devolves into a mindless beat-em up with wave after wave of spawning enemies spamming you to death . It 's like some other developer finished the game and turned it into a console button masher . And the switch to third person during hand-to-hand and melee combat does n't help.It starts out great though , so if you can handle TONS of combat for the last third of this game -LRB- remember to put ALL exp . points into combat related skills during and after the much maligned sewer level -RRB- buy it .
 My first piece of advise - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL AN OFFICIAL PATCH IS RELEASED ! -LRB- -LRB- I am not the only person saying this -RRB- -RRB- Even then you should be leery until maybe a 2nd patch is out ! This game is LOADED with bugs , the graphics engine consumes your CPU and RAM no matter how powerful your system is ! Please read on - I do n't hate this game ... I just think they should have tested it before releasing it to the public.There are many fansites with forums . In the forums you will find people screaming and yelling from the rooftops about how bad , buggy and choppy this game is!Let me make myself clear and explain what I mean by BETA for those that do not know.When a software company creates a program it typically goes through several stages before being released . BETA is a version that is ALMOST ready for sale to the public but needs to go through test drives first to hunt and find problems , crashes , bugs , mistakes , etc. . This version would not be sold or released to the public for widespread use . NO WAY!A release that is ready for widespread public use or sale is called a GOLD or RTM version . This means that it runs beautifully , very few bugs or crash problems , if any!WELL , Vampires
 This game looks fun so I gave it an extra star but if you have Windows 7 dont buy it becouse it wont work for you .
 I got this game about a year ago . My computer supports over every minimum requirement and runs fine on a friend 's computer w / less power . This game simply didnt run . The textures were busted , speech and sound was buggy , and more than often froze . Ive since seen the game on another friend 's computer which only frustrates further . Ive heard the game is fun , but its hard to say . I suggest you think hard or wait til the price drops to invest in this mess .
 While this game is getting good reviews and promises to be great , it is hard to know because it seems to have been released too early . You can not skip opening cut scenes , and the audio sync for these is extremely bad . According to the boards many others are having problems as well . With a newer computer designed for movies and games , this crashes before I ever get to game play . You will get a lot of inane suggestions like diagnose your DirectX or defragment your hard drive but the fact remains that this game is premature . If you get it good luck , there are others who can get it to work . It should be awesome , if you are one of the lucky few . I think there is a patch in the works . Save your money till then , or even wait a while till the price goes down . It should not take too long with this . But once the kinks are out this should be one of the best games .
 If you are only playing a bit , this pad is fine . But know that it is very slippery at the bottom and if you have wood floors like me , it will move constantly while dancing on it.Also , the material is plastic , and not the same kind that comes with the game , which is shiny and somewhat durable . No , this plastic is not as high quality . And it does n't lay flat on the floor like the OEM pad . The edges peel up . This could possibly be fixed by leaving the pad unfolded for a long period of time , but I do n't want to do that . And as someone mentioned before , the buttons are not at all elevated , so you can lose your orientation easily while playing.I rate this a 2/5 because it is still useable , though it is very annoying . Avoid if possible . Get an OEM pad if you can .
 Contrary to the listing or even the packaging , the product lacks the `` rubberized no-slip bottom material '' . The pad will slide all over the place without some adhesive material to prevent it from moving . The OEM Konami pad is a much better purchase .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PAD ! It is completely useless , and on the SECOND DAY of having it the up and down arrows register while standing in the middle of the pad . If you buy this your basically buying the materials , cause as a controller it 's a complete waste . I honestly can not believe mad catz would pollute the market with something so utterly worthless . Save your money for a visit to the arcade or for a decent custom pad , cause I 'm now stuck with a 14x13 piece of plastic .
 I would highly recommend against purchasing this beat pad from Mad Cats . Mine was defective on the first use ; the sensors in the mat were n't in the right places . The up arrow does n't register , and the right and down arrows register incorrectly and inconsistently . Having had this problem with previous DDR mats , -LRB- the Wii mat that came with the game worked well for me for years -RRB- I was able to feel the sensors within and confirm that they were indeed off-center . This makes gameplay impossible , as anyone acquainted knows .
 I bought this pad when I first started with the first DDR game to save some money.Like everyone else said , it slips around a lot.The pad was working for me for three months straight and now it is hardly responsive . Songs that I aced before are now difficult to pass . I dont know if anyone else has experienced this but my advise is expect it to last you no more than three months .
 Disappointing performance . Frequent re-install necessary because it loses its linking ID . More trouble than it is worth . I went back to cords .
 Wireless mouse did not reach more than 1 foot from receiver ; also not clear that the mouse and keypad are much smaller than standard ; hard to type on keypad , mouse difficult to manipulate .
 This is my first review because I felt compelled to tell everyone what a huge piece of junk this is . I bought this combo device from a national electronics company . I had to charge it for over 8 hours and still could not get it to work . There was nothing I could do to make either the keypad or mouse work . When I returned it , the customer service guy told me that there used to be a local rep for Targus in the area because there were so many problems with it . I went to the same area of the store where I bought this product to browse for a different brand . At the bottom of the shelf was another one of these Targus combos that someone had returned . There was an open-box discount on it . I feel sorry for anyone who buys this shoddy piece of equipment .
 Do n't waste your time with this.I bought one of these from a local computer store because I have a laptop and need a number pad for my work . I brought it home and the first one was DOA ... the number pad would n't set up at all . Plus , the included batteries had leaked all over the place , so I had to hunt around for a set of AAA . I brought the first one back and did an even swap for another one . Brought it home , hooked it up and while both the mouse and the keypad functioned , the light on the keypad was broken , so I could n't tell if it was on or not without looking at the actual switch . The switch , by the way , is miniscule and difficult to turn on and off . Oh , and the batteries were dead . All four of them . Plus , the quality -LRB- fit and finish -RRB- just seems cheap , considering what these things cost . -LRB- I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- retail for it . You would get it less on Amazon , by why go through the hassle of having to send it back ? -RRB- Second time 's a charm for me . I am bringing it back . Again . And am buying the logitech version here on Amazon . Not much more expensive and I have had nothing but good luck with all the Logitech products I have ever used .
 I bought one , the mouse would n't work . I returned it and like a sucker got another which had the same exact problem . Back to wires ... or at least a decent manufacturer .
 My wife wanted a keypad and mouse for her new laptop - this is fairly simple to install and works well except for the fact that the mouse goes through batteries like water through a sieve . If you get this I suggest using good rechargeable batteries and keeping at least one pair fully charged at all times .
 First of all , the user guide warns that the mouse `` may '' interfere with other wireless devices , and other wireless devices `` may '' -LRB- they will -RRB- interfere with it . In troubleshooting , the user guide advises the if the mouse or keypad are intermittent -LRB- they are -RRB- or stop working -LRB- they do -RRB- , increase the distance between the receiver and base unit -LRB- about 3 feet works -RRB- and turn off any wireless devices - like your wireless modem , router , telephone , cellphone , bluetooth , basically everything you need to use the laptop in the first place.OK , now it works . For 2 minutes . Now when it stops working , the user guide suggests resetting the `` identification code '' , which means that you press a button on the receiver , then on the mouse , again on the receiver , then on the keypad.OK , now it works . For 2 minutes . Repeat all of the above.And so on for several hours.Return to store . Get a refund.Problem solved !
 If you have a laptop and are looking for a mouse/number pad combo , pass this one up . First off , it 's way too small to use - the mouse alone is not even as big as a pool ball , and the keypad is about the size of , if not just barely bigger than , a pack of cigarettes , only about half as thick . The small size make them almost impossible to use . The only reason I gave it two stars is the price . Otherwise , unless you are a kid or have very small hands , just spend an extra $ 10 - $ 20 for a bigger sized set . This one 's not worth the money . Sorry to be so critical and harsh , but I 'm just telling it as it is .
 Do not buy this product . For the high price you pay , you get a terrible product . The range is ridiculously horrible -- you have to be within a foot and in direct site of the receiver . The keypad starts to cut in and out and I have to resort to inputting numbers on my laptop directly . I 'm putting this back into the box and I hope that the store will let me return it .
 The mouse is almost unusable . You have to push in almost the center of the clicker for it to respond , then it takes a jam instead of a touch , which moves the pointer away from the original target . If it were n't so much trouble I would send it back .
 I bought this item . The mouse is flimsy and the release for the battery on the mouse is where you would normally rest your hand ; consequently the battery keeps popping out . The keypad is cheesy , feels very cheap . For the price I would not recommend , actually it 's not worth $ 29.99 . This purchase burned me from purchasing ANY Targus product .
 The wireless mouse was wonderful . It hooked up right away with the computer . The keypad never hooked up and had to be returned . After reading more reviews on the product , other consumers had the same problem that I did . I would not recommend buying this product .
 Only after several failed attempts -LRB- including hours of &#34; charging &#34; -RRB- and much frustration did I learn that this product was not compatible with Windows 7 -LRB- last worked with Vista -RRB- . Seems like something they should mention . Someplace .
 I 'm completely shocked at customer service for TARGUS ! They were absolutely horrible ! I had bought this product 4 days ago and still could not charge it enough to get it to work for more then 45 minutes . I talked with customer service about the issue and they told me to replace the rechargeable batteries . I told them I just bought the product 4 days ago . They said if you want your product to work buy some new batteries . I ask if they would send me some and they said I would have to buy them . I told them I 'll return the product and never buy TARGUS product again . Problem Solved !!!!
 I purchased this so i would have a number key pad but you have to push the numbers really hard before they will work and then it does several of the same number . Also the mouse does not hold a charge for very long !
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . The mouse will not work unless the USB cable us plugged in and after about a hour the keypad does not key numbers . Very disappointing product .
 This seller sent me a product that was not the one he had bought , which I had to reject and to reach again for shipping the right product , with almost 15 days more of delay . I put a star by the product arrived safely , aml otherwise excellent service .
 this item take the place of a keypad and mouse both wireless and it seemed like a good idea but product keypad doesnt always register the number hit or the . it leaves alot to be desired for efficiency and the mouse is very unresponsive - a big waste of time and money-take a pass on this one
 I to had a dead mouse took it back twice and gave up . Total waste of money .
 I love the first three HP movie tie-in games . This one , I have sent an e-mail to EA requesting a refund . The controls are terrible -LRB- and unchangeable -RRB- , the response time is beyond sluggish . It is difficult to get your character to face the correct way , I often find myself walking into fires I was just trying to head towards to put out -LRB- and talk about slow , my hands will have been off of the keyboard for several seconds when my character takes that plunge -RRB- . For all practical purposes , this game is unplayable . I can not believe that someone in testing did n't say , `` We 've got to scrap this altogether and start over . `` I do want to make this clear
 Big letdown . Been waiting to get it for christmas . I never knew that EA made such bad games . The big problem is that it does n't use the mouse . You are forced to use arrow keys for movement , and there is no way to change the controls . The most difficult part of the game is figuring out the main menu .
 I love the Harry Potter games but this one was so hard to contal I love the pic and the plots but again the contal was so hard .
 I 'm a HUGE Harry Potter fan and it 's been a few years sine I played the games watched the movies and read the book . So I read the books , watch the movies and now I 'm replaying the games . I never finished playing number 4 and had forgotten why . Now I remember why . Because it 's so far from how amazing 1-3 were . I can no longer explore the castle , the beans run away from you and I have to cope with that by casting Accio and I do n't know what in the world I 'm casting at half the time . I ca n't figure out how to buy wizard cards , I can only play with my keyboard which really sucks because I use a laptop and the arrow keys are a cramped little rectangle that I keep accidentally hitting shift instead of the up arrow key , I ca n't walk in a straight line , and when you hit S to cast the super spell boost or whatever I do it on accident and waste it because I 'm so used to moving around with the A , S , W , and D keys . You have absolutely no choice but to move around with the arrow keys and cast with the Z , X , and C keys because this is not optional . They created this for a tv game system and rather than spending a little time adjusting the controls for pc game play they wasted our time and money with this crap . I will ONLY play because I never finished playing the series in game for but I do not enjoy playing this in this format . It would be more fun if I could use my controls as I did in the last 3 .
 Whoa ... How did we get here ? I mean , really - The first Harry Potter games i got were 5 -LRB- OOTP -RRB- and 6 -LRB- HBP -RRB- and then i got this one ... large step downnnnOf course , i played them in the wrong order ... If i played starting from 1 to 2 to 3 to this one -LRB- 4 -RRB- , its pretty good!Alright , im ready ... lets do this ... PRESENTATION - ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Graphics = Theyre alright ... Kinda blocky , kinda boring ... nothing special ... people are kinda plain looking ... Spells are kinda cool though ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Potential = Is the 4th time the charm ? Well ... it looked kinda fun while reading the Description ... . You sure do have a lot of charms to inflict on your enemies -LRB- mostly animals ???!!! -RRB- ... . and not much else , besides normal spells ... The Description box says you can experience THRILLS of the movie ... Oh yeah ? Quidditch World Cup scene was so-so , especially since you were in the WOODS away from the RUNNING and the SCREAMING and the BLASTING ... Not very fun in the woods , around little animals that try to attack you and Death Eaters you CANT attack ... Ehhh ... not very thrilling ... . especially for a first level ! ~ ~ ~ ~ Characters and Voice = WELL you CAN play for Harry , Hermione , or Ron ! But there isnt really anything different ... If you look closely they really all look the same ... JUST KIDDING ! But they are pretty blocky ... . And uhhh Professor Moody ? Weird eye guy ? Your voice is VERY annoying ... I dont like you ... Yeah ... voice in this game is just mostly an annoyance ... ~ ~ ~ ~ Circumstances = At LEAST EA took advantage of a new take on the HP games and made it a BIT darker and more battles ... But do i want to be attacking animals and things all the time ? Nooo i want to attack the Death Eaters ! :-RRB- A different game , though , in this instance , is not very good ... Just stick with the Hogwarts approach ... This game altogether wasnt very entertaining ... . You go on sort of milk runs and just go through the motions ... OH and back to the Description ... ALL THE MAGIC OF THE MOVIE ??? How about almost none ... . This game felt dumbed down -LRB- the opposite of what it tried to do -RRB- and it feels kinda young and repetitive , almost annoying ... which shouldnt be a factor in a game
 After playing the first 7 Harry Potter games I assume the 8th will be just like the 7th which in my opinion puts them as the 7th and 8th best of the 8 . However just before those two was this one . The first three had the right idea , It might have been childish and easy to beat quickly , but at least I felt like I was at Hogwarts . This one is a pick your level and all based around a menu screen . You have to play a lot of the levels multiple times , and the reward system is pretty awful . I do like the idea of Hermione and Ron helping you but everything else about this game made it the 6th worst of the 8 . Sorry GOF , thankfully the 5th one returns to the free roaming idea , and its in my opinion the best of the 8 .
 I bought this game because I thought it would be a similar game to the first 2 Harry Potter ga enjoyed very much , but this one is much different and , in my opinion , not fun . The game can either Harry , Ron , or Hermione , which I thought would be great , but the way the camera follo difficult to see who 's who . The camera only sees one angle and will not turn , so it is more frus amusing and the camera is so zoomed out that you ca n't tell where your character is in many casting feature is very weak in this game , as it does n't always work and when it does , its more than an actual aimed attack . It got a little better after I got the controls down , but it was n't wo spent on it . I have n't played it since my first few attempts to enjoy the game ... I just started pla else . I saw no point in dealing with the frustration , video games are supposed to be fun !
 Not only is it a bad game according to others you have to have a new and well equipped computer to even be able to load it . It requires a fast system and unfortunatley we dont have that . Now we are stuck with a game we cant play on our computer .
 This is a pretty poor port from the game consoles . The game does n't support the mouse at all - which is almost unheard of for point of view games like this one . And , even though it supports three players and the graphics are good , the overall lack of control leaves you wondering where the money went.If you want to play this , buy it off the used racks - it should be there within a few weeks for about $ 5.00 .
 I wish I had waited to buy this game until I could have read other people 's opinion of this game . It IS terrible . I finally got into it last night -LRB- after completing The Prisoner of Azkaban , and IT was great ! -RRB- This one , however , is TERRIBLE . It is very hard to maneuver the characters . You can not get them to move in a straight line . You have to remember the right letter keys to work spells , and you CAN NOT use your mouse . All in all , a very difficult game to play and what a let down from the first three . Do n't waste your money .
 You 're not able to go through the castle and other places , just the levels , so it 's not that fun . It 's not that good , you get very busy playing it , but , well ... I think that the other games are better , at least you get to go through Hogwarts . Better buy another game , and believe me , it 's true!I have the entire collection of games from Harry Potter , and this is the worst , you do n't even play quidditch , the entire game is based on levels.It has good graphics , PERFECT GRAPHICS , but they should do this game better . In my opinion , Thethird is the best , but the first has horrible graphics . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I agree with other reviewers , this is definitely the worst of the four games so far ! Do n't waste your money ! The perspectives are terrible , the directionals haphazard and the overall quality of the game is very low because of it . Obviously EA continues to try to capitalize on the HP phenomenon , and every attempt up until this one has been good , but this one is definitely a miss .
 I 've played the first 3 games and i thought they were great ! The controls were awesome and the graphics were pretty good too . Then the 4th one came out so of course i was excited , but i started to play it and it was HORRIBLE ! i hated the controls most . I kept dying because i could n't get Harry to get what i needed . I was very upset . The game was pretty confusing . I really wish i would have known it was like this before i bought . If i would have known i 'd could have saved my money to buy something else . This was a waste .
 When I bought this game , I expected to a really good game like the former ones were ... live in Hogwarts , explore hidden , secret places , trade with Hogwarts students , play quiddich , etc. . . AND I WAS TOTALLY WRONGThis game is not even designed to PC , but as the others before me had detailed it , I move to the game enjoyment . It was horrible , I had no other task but killing weird - not Harry Potter for sure - beasts . No other ... When i killed the xxxxxth beast I bored it finally . Ok , someone who is mad may like to kill and kill without any meaning in Harry Potter , but if I want to play such a game I move to other - specialized to killing - games -LRB- not mentioning I hate those games , too -RRB- . So I was about to brake my disk and send it back to EA , but I realized it does n't worth it ...
 this review is for pc versionbasically the game lacked any customization.but my biggest problem with this game is its camera system.You do n't have free third person camera . The game is only top view similiar to RTS games.There are a lot of things missing in this game1 - camera is not what used to be -LRB- previous harry potter games had mouse/camera free movement -RRB- .2 - no mouse support3 - no video settings4 - no audio settings5 - no key reassignment .
 someone call the company and tell them to redo the game it was so bad . there is no story , no easy way to control the charectors , and no easy way to cast spells !!!!!
