 This is a great timer and does one thing well - time things . It counts down from a min : sec you set with M/S buttons . Start/Stop with one button , reset by hitting M/S buttons together . After finished timing , reverts to last set time . Nice loud beeping . And counts backwards to show how long it 's been since the alarm went off -LRB- t-minus time -RRB- til you hit the stop button.Sturdy fold-out stand , clever fold-out loop -LRB- for hook on wall -RRB- , but a weak magnet.Get this if you want a reliable kitchen timer with no extra buttons or hassle .
 the reset button needs several ` tries ' before it works . This happened a few weeks into using this . But , it still works .
 Love this one ! Had two before , not even close to this one . Large buttons , big numbers , loud buzzer that stops after about 30 seconds , has over timer and works perfectly . Very happy !
 started therapy where I needed to have a timer . this one is easy to use and very easy to seestarted
 I love this timer . I am a massage therapist and it counts up and that is what I need . I did disable the sound so it does not disturb my clients . Instead of trying to look at a clock and figure out exactly what time it will be when I need to stop -LRB- when I do n't start on the top of the hour , like starting at 10:22 -RRB- now I can go by how much time exactly the massage is .
 Have been doing physical therapy for an injury and the exercises were timed . This timer allows me to do a series of reps without having to count on my fingers .
 The big numbers are very helpful ! I 've used it while working on the computer so I do n't got over my intended time , and it is super easy to glance my eyes over and see the time remaining . Also good for the kids brushing their teeth . Ringer is loud enough and the timer 's feature is easy to use and figure out .
 This timer is exactly what we needed . It is simply made and works on a AAA Battery . Big Display and big buttons you can hit with knuckles if your fingers are dirty . You can count upwards or set a time to count down from . The alarm is loud enough to hear at any location in my home . Once the timer hits Zero , it begins counting upwards until you acknowledge the alarm . Overall Great Product at a fair price .
 This timer is a powerful little machine . I use it many , many times every day . I stick it by magnet to the fridge , stovehood , table and more . I use the easel feature when I 'm in the bathtub to keep track of how long I 've been soaking ! I throw the whole thing in my apron pocket and go back and forth from the kitchen out to the grill . I have dropped it SO MANY TIMES -LRB- whoops ! -RRB- . Each time , the battery pops out and then I pop it back in , fearing for the worst , and it always comes right back to life.I use both the count down and the count up features frequently . The memory feature is nice too . You can see and hear it from far away . I love this little timer . It 's so reliable . I highly recommend it ! I am on my second one after having the first one for a few years . After dropping the first one many , many times , it STILL worked but the display was a little splotchy so I treated myself to a new one . My fiance still uses the old splotchy one !! I guess we are this timer 's biggest fans .
 I use this in classroom every day for groups and rotations . It works best if you have a place that it will magnetically stick to that is a good location in your classroom . I have dropped them many a time and one of them - the sound went out , and the second one - the magnet popped out but I superglued it back in . May benefit from being more durable for someone as clumsy as me .
 Worked this little guy to death , I guess . Used several times a day , every day . It was perfect ... small , loud enough , HUGE display . Lasted a little over a year , then the alarm stopped sounding ... it counted down but no alarm . All this being said I will get another as the price is right and I really really liked using this timer
 love the timer it works well the only downside is it says extra loud alarm , i really have to listen hard to hear the alarm .
 Simple to operate and the alarm is loud enough to hear a couple of rooms away with a moderate amount of ambient noise . Would prefer a slightly louder alarm , but I 've had some that were quieter .
 Easy to use buttons . Clear , yet not annoying alarm . Solid magnetic attachment so it does n't rock or fall off the fridge when pushing the buttons . Beeps cleanly when entering the time . Large clear display . - Simple , elegant , gets the job done .
 This timer does not have all the bells and whistles and functions of some , and I 've been using it for only a month , but so far it has worked very well for me . It 's inexpensive , completely intuitive , and does n't require reviewing the instructions if you have n't used it in 48 hours . The magnet is also more substantial than it is on some electronic timers ; I 've broken some simply because I kept knocking them off the refrigerator door . What it does is a little limited , but so far I 'd say it 's a `` 5 '' at what it does do.October 2011
 A great , comfortable , easy-to-use timer . I bought several and keep them all over the house , especially the kitchen !
 Works good , easy to see and from from a distance as well because of the big numbersNot to be used to put in pockets or purses , because then the big buttons ` gets pushed ' ; easily and the timer starts on it 's own
 This is a nice big timer that we use with our kids for doing chores and getting ready for bed . No complaints so far .
 I use the timer for at least 6 hours a day as I give saxophone lessons . My only gripe is that it does n't count backwards . I have not been able to find another timer that counts backwards , so I guess I am stuck . Other than that it is a nice little gadget .
 I got this to time myself taking practice exams but it was n't practical because exams have different times ! I wish there was memory ... I wish I could turn the beeper volume down ... Other than the above , it 's a good product and does what it 's supposed to do very well ...
 It 's a nice timer , big numbers and easy to use . My only complaint is that the fold out stand is rather weak so if you move it around it tends to snap shut . I would still buy it though .
 PROS1 -RRB- It looks high quality .2 -RRB- It has a big screen .3 -RRB- The batteries last a very long time even when it is left on 24/7 . CONS1 -RRB- You have to look at the timer directly so the numbers look dark and clear . If you place the timer too high or too low before you , the numbers will look faded . This experience is similar to digital watches and calculators .
 Overall , I like this timer , but there are a few issues that I have with it that make it a little annoying to use.The first is that the glue that holds the magnet on the back is not very secure . In fact , in only a few weeks the magnet has started falling off the unit regularly.The next issue is that the timer does not easily reset -LRB- by holding minute and second simultaneously -RRB- to the set time . For example , if you set the timer to 25 minutes , and you want to reset the timer to 25 minutes while it is counting , you must reset the timer to 00 first and then hold the minute button as it increments . This is annoying when you always want the timer to countdown from a set interval . This can be an issue if you are wanting to this timer for establishing studying habits , such as with the Pomodoro technique.The final issue is that the timer does n't ever turn off . However , it 's been several months and I 've not had to touch the battery , so perhaps that is n't really an issue .
 The timer is easy to set up and easy to use . Just use the second and minute buttons to set desired time to countdown from . Once the timer goes off , the alarm is fairly loud . I can hear it anywhere in the house even with people talking or the television on . The alarm will sound for 1 minute and then stop . Press the Start/Stop key once when the alarm goes off and the timer will reset to the last time input which is a really nice feature for me . The timer stays on indefinitely . That was the only drawback as it worries me how much battery power that will drain . Overall , the price of the timer could n't be beaten and the timer does everything I wanted it to . Great Product !
 These have actually made Time Out easier . The kids just sit quietly -LRB- most of the time -RRB- and wait for the Time Out to end . Highly recommend for parents .
 I was very pleased with this timer . It 's easy to read and simple to operate . I would have given it 5 stars , but it scratched my s/s fridge and the magnet fell off . I can live with the small scratch and the magnet was easy to glue back on ... . Overall I am pretty happy with the timer ...
 Mostly , a good replacement for a mechanical timer , but setting long times is a chore . The magnet is not co-planar with the rest of the mounting surface so there is a tendency to disconnect the magnet when pushing the buttons - I put some thick tape on the back near the magnet to level the surface . That said , I am satisfied with the product and plan to keep it for a long time . The display is super readable and the beeper is just loud enough . It 's attractive and functional and not pricey .
 I need a timer not for cooking , but for helping keep on a schedule to avoid long periods of time sitting without getting up . I have a lot of problems with my back , including several surgeries , and one of the things the doctors recommended me is to avoid sitting for a long time without getting up for a few seconds every 20-30 minutes . I often get absorbs at work , not noticing how quickly the time passes , so I was looking for a simple timer that I can easily set to 20 minutes and reset over and over again.It works very well ! I use it either using a little stand , or the magnet on the little stand , or often by juststuffing it into my pocket . It has been realiable and so far has been doing this 18 hour a day job on the same battery.The buttons are big and simple to operate , the numbers are large and easy to see . Simple and perfect!Ali Julia review
 This counter is so handy because of many things . 1 . It has a magnet on the back of it so that you can place it on the referigtor and on the microwave so it is near where you are cooking and move it as you move around and stick it . 2 . The numbers is larger and easy to read from a good piece away . 3 . The timer does not stop just at the time that you had it to go off but will start counting foreward to show you how late you are from the time that you wanted to measure time act . 4 . It has a fold at a angle clip on the back so you can stand it up so you can put it anywhere you want to put it even in the living room if you really want to watch you cooking time . It uses 3a battery which it comes with one when you get it so you are ready to time when you take it out of the box . and finally it comes with a 5 year warranty which I thougt was a case that the company backs there product . With all that I have stated you can not go wrong with this counter and start cooking on time .
 I bought this for my son to time his reading homework -LRB- read 30 min per day -RRB- . It remembers the 30 minutes so he just pushes the button to start and push the button to stop once the alarm sounds .
 I just discovered this timer recently . It is fantastic . I can never find analarm clock I like and I can set this one for as much as 20 hours . It soundsoff a loud beeping when it , s done . This is a product I could not ever dowithout . Also the price ; it is worth every cent .
 I bought this for my dad for Easter . He 's been wanting a digital timer that includes minutes and seconds . I 'd been searching in all of the stores , including Williams Sonoma and Sharper Image , and just could n't find one . The best thing about this particular model , is that the digits are large , so he can see them without wearing his glasses . Another great feature , is that once the timer goes off , it 's counts the seconds until you turn it off , just in case you ca n't hear it .
 Item arrived ahead of schedule . Large display . Easy to use . Would have wanted it to be a bit louder but it can be heard in the next room if the noise level is n't too high . Recommend the product to others looking for a good timer with minutes and seconds . Very pleased with the product other than I wish it was just a little bit louder .
 My only complaint with this device is that there is no way to adjust the volume when it rings . Otherwise , it works fine .
 This product works well as a timer . The description said the device also counts up , and I thought I would be able to use it as a stop watch on occasion . While it does count up , it beeps every second when it does so , making it rather annoying.I have actually bought two of these timers . The first was for my mother for Christmas . When I asked her what she thought of it , she said she liked it all right , but that it was n't very loud . I have to agree , that I do not find this timer to be all that loud , even though the description says it is `` extra-loud . ''
 Great timer . Easy to use . Best feature is the `` count up '' after time expires - so you know how long you went past the time you originally set .
 I was looking for a good basic timer and this fit the bill . It allows you to count up or down and shows time elapsed after the alarm rings -LRB- to see how much I screwed up the cookies -RRB- . One feature I was looking for but was n't apparent from the descriptions or photos is how the back is set up . I use the magnet , not the easel and attach it to the stove hood . With some timers the magnet is on the easel and the easel comes out from the back of the timer . Then when you push the timer buttons , it rocks back and forth on the easel , and usually falls into the soup . However , this timer has has the easel flush with the back of the timer . When attached to the hood , it does not rock back and forth when pushing the buttons . Big plus in my book . Sometimes it is just the small details .
 I bought this timer , because my husband wanted one similar to the one his mom had , with the big display and the simple , three-button operation . This particular timer was better priced than most I looked at , and I liked the extra large display . I have been very happy with it . The buttons do n't stick like other timers I have used . I like the way the memory feature works , and the bonus feature that it can count up is also nice .
 We liked this timer . Its display and buttons were great . Its sound was pleasant . Unfortunately , the screen died when splashed with some water . Keep it dry .
 I love everything about this timer
 This a excellent simple , loud , easy to read kitchen timer . Once the timer goes off , it switches into a count up timer , so you know exactly the total time . Alarm goes off intermittently for 1 min .
 The readout is larger than most I 've seen , and the big advantage is that the LCD segments are very wide , enhancing readability at a distance . The only weakness is the button labels are hard to read , ironic for a timer with an easy to read display . And it is n't intuitive how to use the memory function .
 This product works great ! Our customer is really pleased with it and lead time is perfect . no doubt on buying this product again
 Great simple timer with big digits , restart , etc. . . I use it to time the kids soccer , it beeps loud and lets me know when it is time to change shifts : -RRB-
 This is a timer that is very easy to use and view . It has been used in the kitchen and for PT routines . It is rugged and well-constructed . For some the max time of 99 minutes may be of concern as well as there is no easy way to enter one hour . With that one caveat , it is highly recommended .
 We were looking for a simple kitchen timer and this one just arrived today . It works as advertised -- simple to use , magnet hangs it solidly on the frig , great for the price . We like that after the time has run down it starts counting up so you know by how much you 've gone over . Only very minor complaint is that the alert is not as loud as I 'd like and ca n't be adjusted . Probably just take it with me if I 'm not in the kitchen . All in all , a good buy .
 This thing is great , at least until the LCD digits started disappearing . I 'm keeping it in the bathroom and apparently the moisture from the shower has gotten into it somehow . It lost 4 segments from the one-seconds place and 3 segments from the ten-seconds place , so far . It 's an interesting mental exercise to look at the segments showing and figure out what numbers they might represent , but I 'd rather just have a working screen . The timing circuit still works perfectly though . For the price , I 'm not really complaining .
 This timer is easy to use , easy to read and easy to hear . It can stand up or stick to the side of a student 's desk -LRB- what I used them for -RRB- . I have n't found a better timer to fit my needs .
 I was used tomy old one but am getting used to this one now . It does the job and is easy to use , and easy on the eyes . Get one .
 This was perfect for what I needed . Nothing fancy but does what it 's supposed to . When the time runs out from whatever time you set it for , the alarm goes off .
 This is the perfect times . It 's simple , easy to set , easy to adjust.EASY TO SEE . I plan on getting a second one .
 This timer is easy to read and easy to hear . In a room of about 30 people , everyone could read the numerals and hear the alarm over a moderate conversation level . Lost 1 star because the magnet is weak , but the stand works great . I have n't dropped it -LRB- yet ! -RRB- so ca n't speak to that issue ; at this point I 'd replace it if I broke it . After about 4 months it is still running off its first AAA battery with moderate use .
 Super easy to useLots of ways to hang it or stand it up - the magnet is really strongbig display
 Great kitchen timer . Love the large , easy to use buttons and the seconds display . The alarm is not too terribly loud but it works fine for us .
 I purchased this item as a gift . It came in much earlier than expected and brand new in the packaging .
 It 's easy to set , easy to see and easy to hear . All you need in a timer . Well worth the money .
 I got this timer for my kitchen because the one on my oven is pathetically quiet . The alarm is great - super loud and can be heard throughout the house . You can set it to count down for up to 99 minutes , or you can start it at 0:00 and it will count up . Also , if you set it to count down , once the alarm goes off it starts counting up , so you can see if you get there late how long it has been going off . It does not bother me to have to hear the &#34; beep &#34; for each minute as I set the alarm ... it goes up very quickly . My kids also love this timer as it is easy for them to use . They are constantly borrowing it from my kitchen to time their reading minutes , computer time , etc. . This is a great timer !!
 The best timer by far I have used . Totally intuitive controls , good device build quality , and clearly audible alarm .
 I needed a replacement timer for pulling espresso shots and love this small overall unit that packs big digits . Hard to go wrong with this well priced item .
 I purchased two of these timers in March 2010 . Two and a half years later and I still use both all of the time . I 've bought a couple of other timers since then for some flashy feature or bigger numbers or whatever and I always go back to the CDN timers.Pros : - Large numbers that are easy to see from across the room . - Alarm that is loud enough to hear over the stove exhaust fan from the next room but is not overly obnoxious . - Count up and count down capabilities . I probably use the count up feature as much as the count down . For example , if I 'm cooking something on the stovetop , I might want an idea of how long I 've had it on there but not have some predetermined amount of time that I want to track . It also makes the timer useful for a variety of other usages -LRB- exercise , for example -RRB- where you want to time something . - Has a magnet for attaching to metal surfaces plus a little kickstand for sitting it up on a flat surface plus an eyelet for hanging it up . It 's surprising how convenient this flexibility is . - Great battery life . Two and a half years later of nearly daily use and I still have the original batteries in both of them . Do n't worry about no on-off switch . - Durable . I 'm a clumsy guy so I 've dropped these a lot and the have n't been damaged at all . I also used one at the gym for a few months and kept it in my gym bag and it survived that.My only complaint is that it only goes up to 100 minutes -LRB- technically 99 minutes , 59 seconds -RRB- . There are roasts and things like that that take hours . That 's a fairly minor complaint since I rarely need to time anything longer than 100 minutes and my stove has a timer that does hours if I do .
 I got this timer as a reminder to me , it works great , the number stay on whatever time you set but the battery last a very long time , I have had no problems with this timer .
 I really like this timer . I keep it on my fridge using the magnetic back and have n't had it fall off once , despite my penchant for slamming the doors . It 's definitely loud enough to hear throughout my one bedroom apartment , even when the tv and/or dishwasher -LRB- mine is ridiculously loud -RRB- are on . It 's very intuitive to use , thanks to just three buttons and the functions written out on all of them -LRB- or below them , in the case of clearing the time -RRB- . It 's been reliable , it has n't frozen or been too fast/slow on the times I 've been timing it . The big buttons also make it easy to use with my knuckles when my fingers are dirty , which is nice when I 'm baking or making multiple things at once . There are a few functions I could wish it had , but that would defeat the purpose of getting just a simple timer , and probably lead to more problems and possible defects . I 'd definitely recommend this timer if you 're just looking for a basic one .
 I use this thing for eye drop applications.There 's no on-off switch , but who cares -- it uses -LRB- 1 -RRB- cheap AAA battery . If you want to time 99 minutes , you must press the M-set button 99 times . If you not around when the alarm goes off , the unit starts time exactly how long it takes you to do such . After the alarm goes off , it will automatically stop beeping after a shot period of time.This thing is OK for carrying around in a purse , but not OK in the pocket of your pants -- the buttons are too easy to press .
 I own several timers and this is my favorite . The numbers are large and easy to read without my glasses . The end-of-time beeps are loud enough to hear in another room , even outside the open back door . The timer counts up while sounding end-of-time so I know how long it 's been . It resets to the last time used and is easy and quick to reset . Highly recommended .
 This little timer has been a lifesaver for me , and its portability is one of my favorite features . I often drop it into a pocket after setting it , using it as a reminder , as a cooking timer and even as a stopwatch . The numbers are large enough for these old eyes to see easily , and the beeper is loud enough for me to hear even when I 'm in other rooms of the house .
 Though it is easy to read , if the timer is placed on the stove or refrigerator with the magnetic back , the sound is VERY muffled . I returned this one .
 This timer is exactly as I expected . I use it in my classroom . It has a magnet , stand and hanging loop . The stand and loop are very well designed . I can hit the stop button without the timer popping off the whiteboard -LRB- this is a big deal -RRB- . I did accidentally drop the timer on the hard floor and the magnet propped off -LRB- the glue failed -RRB- . I have to super glue it back on.If you are getting a kitchen timer , I HIGHLY recommend getting one with an integrated oven thermometer . We 've had an ACU RITE one for almost 12 years in our kitchen .
 Our patients and staff members love these timers . They like the large numbers and alarm tone perfect pitch . We will continue to order these , next time we need more .
 I love this timer and I use it all the time . The timer is very simple , the numbers are nice and big .
 Easy to read , loud beep , and a magnet for sticking it where you need it . It 's everything you need , and it 's cheap , and it works .
 Can be placed anywhere in kitchen - has 3 ways to use ; nice size timer ; very easy to read numbers and controls .
 I use this timer for many little tasks around the house when time is a factor . It 's simple to use , and has a magnet and a stand on the back . It 's sturdy and simple to use .
 This is a perfect little timer . I 've been using it for about a year and it functions flawlessly . The user interface is simple and intuitive and setting countdown time and pausing is a breeze . If you have a metal surface in your kitchen -LRB- we have one on our microwave oven -RRB- you can stick it there , or just leave it on a counter . I take it with me when I leave the kitchen so I can do other work while waiting for a dish to cook perfectly . It 's ultra-light weight and small size are perfect . Never had to change the battery so far . con
 Big display -- pretty resilient so far -LRB- been dropped on the hard wood floor a few times -RRB- . It 's still ticking !
 I agree with a few other reviewers , that the magnet is pretty dang small.I run a letterpress print shop , and can hear this timer go off over my printing machines . I particularly like the fact that the timer , once reaching zero , starts counting upwards until you come shut it off . Lets you know how much over you 've been timing.But the tiny magnet is way too small . I might Gorilla glue a larger magnet on the back.EDIT
 I looked at many diferent timers before purchasing this one . This one is simple to use , is both a count up and count down timer , and can be read from across the room.Many of the other digital timers have way too many buttons and functions . I just wanted a digital timer that is almost as easy to set and use as the traditional mechanical kitchen timer.This one has both a strong magnet on the back and a flip out stand . It also has a small hook you can fold out to hang it on a nail.This is a winner . Simple , cheap , and usefull .
 This is the best timer I have ever owned ! And with the magnet on the back it 's right where I need it by the stove .
 Handy and easy to operate . Big readout so it can be read across the room . Magnetic back allows it to be placed on the refer door.Buy two or three of these , they are really great for all sorts of timing jobs !!! After using this for months , I wish I had ordered a second one.We fight over who uses this timer because the one on the stove is so hard to set . Handy for the grill , cause you can take it outside too .
 My husband uses it for the bbq outside . Works great . My kids can use it as well .
 These timers are great . The timer is as good as it was said to be .
 I purchased 2 of these timers and they work great . Are loud and you can see them quiet easily .
 So my stop-watch methodology of software bug fixing and effective time management is as follows . - Find a bug , or , approach a problem of any kind ... - Estimate how long it will take you to fix / do . - Set timer to that time + 10mins . - When the timer goes off its time to change direction or wrap things up .
 Very easy to use and large display is visible across the room . We use it as a timer and it works well .
 I really like this timer ! The large display coupled with the magnetic back make it the perfect timer for outdoor BBQ applications as well as in the kitchen . The alarm is nice and loud and all the buttons works well and are easy to use . Just bought a second unit to keep out with the gas grill.I do n't think you can beat this thing for the price ! I only wish this company made a version that had HOURS and MINUTES instead of MINUTES and SECONDS . Would love to have another one for use with our BlueStar Range for roasting and baking and other applications where you need more time on the clock than this unit can provide .
 I would give it 5 stars but it does n't beep very loud . I would like to be able to hear it if I 'm in the livingroom , 2 rooms away . I still like it . The time restarts after the set time runs out so you know how long it 's been beeping , which is pretty neat .
 I got this not for the kitchen , but for a time management technique I use called `` Pomodoro Method . '' Look it up , if you need help getting more done. : -RRB- Nice basic timer that works well for what I need . Big digits to help me keep aware of the time I am using . Easy to set and start/stop/pause . If you do n't need all the bells and whistles that come with many models of timer , you will like this one .
 This timer is exactly what was offered . Unfortunately , I wanted a timer that I could set for a number of hours , not just 99 minutes . I thought the timer in the illustration was showing hours and minutes , not minutes and seconds . It works perfectly according to its design . I just have to read the description of what I am ordering a little more carefully !
 I 've used this timer for the past 6 months as a cooking timer , and it works really well . I 'm very pleased . It has a great price too .
 Inexpensive digital timer . Alarm , while not ear splitting , stays on for a full minute . MInutes continue to be recorded after countdown to zero . Not sure why.It has definitely replaced my older mechanical timer .
 I found it useful and intuitive with basic count up/down functionality . It 's light , the magnetic backing seems solid , and the display/buttons are comfortably large . It 's kind of loud if you 're standing right next to it but I do n't mind it since I need to be able to hear from other rooms.The only downside is that on occasion when I need to set it for longer , like 90 minutes , it 's mildly annoying . Holding the `` M '' minutes button will trigger the automatic counter which is fast , but it painfully increments by one and makes a beep at every number .
 The effectiveness in this product comes from its simplicity and minimalism . - You set the time in minutes and seconds and hit the start/stop button -LRB- e.g. 3 minutes -RRB- - The timer counts down and an alarm rings at 0 -LRB- you can pause at any time by hitting start stop -RRB- - Once the alarm rings , until you hit start/stop again , the time starts counting up from zero to let you know how far beyond the set time you have gone . - Once you hit start/stop , the timer resets to your original set time -LRB- e.g. 3 minutes -RRB- - To pick a new time , hit the M & S buttons at the same time to clear the timer and then select a new timeThat 's it.The display is very readable , the timer itself has several ways you can set it up on a way or magnetic surface.Great simple product . I got my money 's worth .
 I was looking for a basic timer with big buttons , a large display and a decent magnet . This is it . I was considering theUltrak T-2 Timeras a second timer to go with theUltrak T-3 TimerI ordered at the same time . Then I found this one for about half the price.Big buttons , large display , and a sufficiently strong magnet . The easel stand and hanging eyelet are nice touches.In count down mode it will start counting up when it reaches `` zero '' and it will beep for one minute . Pressing Start/Stop without setting the time will make it count up.So if you want a basic timer with big buttons , a large display and a decent magnet , this is the one to get .
 I was n't to sure how effective this timer would work , but it has a cool look . Well , the cool look was matched perfectly with its easiness to use and its smooth operation . A wonderful buy !
 I was discouraged by so many less than cheerful reviews but could find nothing better . So when the timer arrived I was pleasantly surprised with how well it worked . After using it for a month I was happy enough to order a spare , just in case . My hearing is not great but I can hear the beep . It sticks to the fridge with its magnet and is easy to read . It is accurate . I have to admit it is fun to use , too . For the price , what more ?
 I have two of these so I have one for cooking and another for the kids ' homework -LRB- timing their reading or practicing saxophone -RRB- . I got one for my mom , too . Great timers .
 I was using one of those cheap plastic timers and bought this one to replace it . This is so handy . It is magnetic so it can stick on your fridge and you dont ever lose track of it . Works great . Large buttons and has a loud enough buzzer that you have no problems hearing it .
 We love this little timer a lot . We have three of them and have given them to our family members as well . BIG numbers . EASY to set . Easy to READ . MAGNET on the back as well as little fold-out stand .
 There 's no power button , so far as I can tell . However , it is magnetic , with a place to hang it from a string/nail and a kickstand , so it 's versatile , with all the functionality I need from a timer .
 I have waited to review this timer after I 'd used it for a while . Well it 's been more than a year now , and I love it . Simple device does exactly what I want , simply and well . I use it very frequently and have never had a problem . The volume is loud enough to hear from several rooms away . If you want a well functioning no-frills timer , this one 's for you .
 I was so tired of stupid winding kitchen timers that broke down before you got used to them ... so I decided to go for something different . CDN TM15t Design TM15 Extra Large Big Digit Timer is a good product . I like it that there are three possible ways you can set it - use the magnet , hang it or put it vertically . The digits are big and the alarm is loud enough -LRB- but not so loud that it could give you a heart attack :-RRB- -RRB- It 's very easy to use , too . The only reason why I gave it 4 , not 5 , stars is because it does n't have an ON/OFF button so you ca n't really leave the battery inside -LRB- well ... I guess you can , it 'll be just the waste of battery ... -RRB- - you have to put it in when you want to use the timer and take it out after you are done . But it 's not too big of a deal for me so I 'd recommend this product to everybody .
 Works well and we will not forget something that we are timing . One thing I would hope is that the increase of timing will jump 5 mins after a long hold down , so it will go to 99 mins faster . I like the number is big and clear . Easy operate . My mom is very happy about this timer over the old turning ones that you never know if it is ticking right .
 The timer works great and can be viewed from well across the room . The only drawback is you can not simply enter the time you want to select and must punch the minute button until you reach the correct about of time .
 I use this timer in school , and it is the best one I have found . It is easy to set and reset for the different activities we do in class . Additionally , the display is large enough that students can look up and see how much time they have remaining for an activity . Finally , the alarm on this timer is loud enough that it can actually be heard throughout the room when time is up , even when students are working . I have to say that it is rather durable too , having dropped in a couple times on to the hard lab floor . Overall , it 's a great timer if you are looking for ease of use , large display , and loud alarm .
 Good battery life . Not too loud as some reviewers reported . Perhaps I am in my own office so its volume does n't bother me or anyone around.The only complain I have is the design of the buttons and the device in general.I mean the timer has the magnetic piece where you can stick it on a metal surface.I stick mine on my workstation and try to press the buttons . This thing wobbles and wants to fall off . So to set and/or reset the timer , I have to hold it in my hand and then stick it back to the computer
 i have a small hook toward the back of my desk where i hang this handy little timer with the big numbers . it has few buttons and so it is very easy to use . when you become accustom to using a timer like this , you will wonder how you ever got along without it . timing length of phone calls , reminder of a task 10 or 20 minuets hence . who is taking the longest coffee break . it is fast becoming my best friend .
 This is a good timer , however it 's not at all loud enough for hearing challenged people . . The frequency is too high for those with hearing loss.For those with normal hearing , you 'll be satisfied .
 I 've had this timer for so many years that I 've lost count . As others have noted , big buttons and easy to read large face from a distance . We 've knocked it off onto the floor many time and it just keeps on working . If anything ever happens to it , I will replace it with another just like it .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to help me manage my time better in the kitchen , and I even use it to help me know when I need to move my laundry from washer to dryer.My vision and hearing are not the best anymore , and for those seniors who have the same difficulty , you will definitely appreciate the large dial , and the alert sound it makes when the time is up . My microwave works fine , but the timer on it is fickle . Now I use this handy timer and it makes my life simpler . Plus , I LOVE the magnet on the back so I leave it on my refrigerator all of the time except when I am watching a movie as I need the volume up on the TV . lolFinally , for those who are wondering how to clear the timer once it is through
 Is n't it funny how tiny conveniences make for simple , pleasant daily life ? I was using the timer on my microwave or on the stove which I could never hear well enough from my office or the laundry room or the garden or wherever . It was just plain annoying . Now when I need to know when to stir the soup or take out the bread I just set this timer , pop it in my pocket and take it along with me wherever I go . I love that I can use the easel to set it on a table or desk or use the magnet to put it on the fridge if I 'm in the kitchen . With the large display the numbers are easy to see at a glance from across the room . I also like the feature it has of counting up . It 's good to know how long a certain task takes to accomplish . I do n't know why I waited so long to get this . It 's such a small thing but it 's made my life so much easier .
 Our new stove 's timer is quieter and less featured than our old one - only shows minutes left until you get down to 60 seconds and then shows seconds - so I ordered this timer so I could see how many minutes _ and _ seconds were remaining . The numbers are nice and big . The alarm is quite loud - no problems hearing it around the other side of the house or upstairs . If you let it time down to 0 it resets back to the previous setting - so if you timed 8 minutes and timed down it sets back to 8 minutes . The magnet is strong and attaches the timer well to the control panel on our stove . Happy so far .
 With the idea that everything with this would be simple and obvious , I did not notice for a while that there were more options for using it than laying it down or using the magnet -LRB- which , of course , fails on stainless -RRB- . The easel and hook on the back escaped my notice for a while . As did the fact that it keeps counting after starting to beep so you know how late you are.However , I would not call the alarm Extra Loud . It 's OK but not Extra .
 Just in case you are interested , I purchased the CDN timer AND the West Bend timer -LRB- which is about $ 5 more -RRB- . If you just want a cheap short-time timer then the CDN will do . In some ways , the West Bend is a far superior timerWest Bend Digital Timer , White : * 99 hours instead of 99 min * Display is smaller but numbers seem more crisp * Alarm is louder * Case is smaller , square , while the CDN is rectangular * Stand is more substantial
 Very good price for something that has that Vintage look without the out of pocket expense of trying to buy original items . Great for Man Cave or Game room they package very well and everything was deliverd on time and in great condition .
 I ordered this sign and 4 others of the same style/theme and love them . I put them in my game room and they look really good . The price is right and quality is there . I plan on buying about 10 more very soon . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I really like this spread . I am tired of the comforter look . This is structured and gives a great finished look to my bed . The color is great . My room is in mocha and deep merlot red and this matched perfectly . The finish is nice and the lining is a very comfortable cotton . Received compliments from family during the holidays . Glad I purchased . Also , with a blanket good winter weight . Will be fine in the warm months too , just remove the blanket .
 I believe this is the best value I have purchased on Amazon to date . Very good value . The quality is nice , the inside of the bedspread is soft ... it is a tailored look but not masculine . My bed is very high up and thick so comforters just do n't work on my bed . The paint in my room is Blonde from Sherwin Williams -LRB- a goldish tan color -RRB- so this matches perfectly . The color is not chocolate brown though . Only order it if you want a caramel colored bedspread .
 I am very pleased with this bedspread . It is well made and just beautiful . I got it for a good price and with pillow shams and 2 pillows . What a deal .
 I too , as a previus reviewer said , like a regular bedspread . It arrived quickly from Amazon and is a gorgeous rich medium brown tone with some darker brown scroll design . Very elegant spread . Wish someone knew of a source for either valance/curtains/drapes . But it wo n't be hard to find some complimentary window treatments for this spread . I `` think '' Canyon Crest is a label under the Thomasville line of linens . High end from what I saw online , so Amazon offered a good deal for this spread for a bit over $ 50 .
 I have this tablecloth on my kitchen table for Christmas . It is beautiful . I just happened to see it on Amazon one day and I really loved it , so I sent for it . I 've had so many remark 's about it from different people , they asked me where I got it and I told them Amazon . They could n't believe it , because they did n't realize Amazon sold products like this .
 I was amazed by the quality of it and its water beading feature ! I will never have to look for another table cloth and I believe this piece will last a long time . Definitely worth the money .
 Really beautiful and elegant and affordable . Crisp design , perfect hems . An heirloom to pass down through your family . This design comes in many different sizes , and matching napkins . Lenox has always been known for its perfection , and this tablecloth and its napkins fit that profile perfectly .
 I just had to have this & it was worth the buy ! Still going strong , love it ! will buy again if need to .
 This tablecloth will adorn my holiday table at this year 's Christmas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , so I have n't yet used it . But after taking it out of the packaging I noticed the 100 % cotton material felt soft yet durable , exactly what I would expect from Lenox . The red plaid design will go easily with any holiday decorations and table settings , without being overly fussy or distracting . Excited to create new , festive holiday meals to serve on this tablecloth !
 70 &#34; round is just perfect for my table . Whenever I get tired of fall & winter things I put on the Butterfly meadow linens & I feel better .
 This is a replacement cloth for one I have had for years . I do n't see it one Lenox 's web site so I was afraid they stopped making it . It is the basis for a beautiful holiday table and I wanted to make sure I had it available for years to come . Mine was well used and getting a little faded from the years of use . I have gotten compliments from some very critical people -LRB- yes , I do n't know why I invite them either as it kills them to give a compliment but with the way I decorate they just ca n't help themselves !!!! Secretly , I love it !!!! -RRB- The best part of this order was the service . I literally ordered in on Monday at 10 AM and had it on my doorstep the next day , by 10 AM ! I could n't have found it in a store any quicker ! Great company to deal with .
 I got what I paid for , a pretty , whimsical tablecloth that is perfect for spring and summer . I love it .
 The best price around on the Lenox butterfly table cloth . It is beautiful and well made . If you are looking for a table cloth with beautiful butterflies . . this is the one that will do . Nice for Easter , nice for Spring .
 The tablecloth is beautiful and looks so nice on my table . Also ordered the table runner and isequally as nice . I would recommend this to anyone who wants a festive table .
 Just what I was looking for . Very good quailty . Very fair price . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This tablecloth is beautiful . What a deal.If you like to entertain it really makes a great look for your dining room . I would recommend this product to anyone who loves the holidays .
 Anything by Lenox - you ca n't go wrong !!! This tablecloth is lovely and will never '' go out of style '' . And what a big savings on Amazon.com !!!!! You will pay 2-4x the price in a retail department store !!!
 This tablecloth was a beautiful addition to our kitchen holiday decor.It was a very well made , quality item .
 This tablecloth is exactly what we were looking for . After running all over town to various stores we found what we wanted on Amazon .
 This a very nice table cloth . I used the coordinating Holiday Gatherings runner on top of it as an accent . If you are not looking for a bright red table cover , this is not the one for you . The red is vivid but pleasant .
 I bought this for Easter dinner and it was beautiful . It washes well and does n't need ironing . I t is a good choice .
 So glad I could replace my old tablecloth at a reasonable price ! I absolutely love this print !! I especially am grateful to have found it in a oval size which is much harder to do !
 This tablecloth is the foundation for setting an elegant looking table . It is durable and is machine washable and dries with few wrinkles if removed from the dryer immediately .
 I always wanted this tablecloth because it is so pretty and elegant . I finally bought it because the price was right . I love it !! It fits great and I get a lot of compliments on it .
 This is the third type of Lenox Holiday Nouvou item I have purchased
 Very pleased with this tablecloth . The fabric washes well and needs little ironing . The colors are bright and cheerful and fit well with my decor . The size fits my table well-not too much overhang on the sides or ends . I have an old -LRB- antique -RRB- table and some tablecloths are skimpy with the overhang on the sides but this one is fine .
 this is a very beautiful table cloth . i have a small round table with 2 chairs , it is for a long round table and it hangs over the sides . but it is high end no doubt . . love it , my grand daughter loves it ... it will be in the family for years to come .
 this hit the spot for my Christmas party the table looked so festive and beautiful . The night got a little crazy and some knocked over a full glass of wine . I trusted the product so I let it sit on the table for a couple of hours then after my dinner party left i sprayed shout on it and let it soak overnight and I washed right out . Looks great
 I am very pleased with my new Christmas tablecloth.It arrived promptly , packaged well and I wouldorder again . Cheers ,
 This very long 60 x 120 '' table cloth -LRB- $ 31 -RRB- is absolutely beautiful ! It wo n't take much effort to make my table look like I spent a fortune . I will set it with my white dinnerware , a 10 '' fake wreath w/red & green bow -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- that will surround a large piller LED candle -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- ... some greenery coming from each side -LRB- clipped from tree . . free -RRB- and I will have a georgeous table to celebrate on for years at under $ 50 ! I am going to also get the 70 '' round size $ 29 -RRB- because it is so beautiful and so inexpensive and my table without leaves is round.Hint . . by using the LED Flicker candles and an artific1al greans you will have a beautiful , safe , afffordable and re-usable table decor to use for many years to come .
 At first I was keeping this for good , but it washes up so nice and looks so fresh and inviting on the table , I use it a lot . Stains -LRB- wine and spaghetti sauce -RRB- have come out in the wash with no problem , so even with the grandkids , I do n't put it away !
 This is so pretty for spring . It was a great buy . I love it . I love changing up my table for seasons ...
 It 's better than expected . Beautiful , elegant , soft . I love this . You can use it for any occasion , holiday , or normal days . It adds some art in your room .
 And it washed very easily ... spilled red wine on it & it washed out . Drapes beautifully and covered my old , tired table quite nicely !
 Beautiful tablecloth ! Perfect Christmas design
 This is a quality tablecloth that looks great on the table and washes well . I have used it for several Christmas dinnersand it still looks wonderful .
 Looks great for the Christmas season ... Good quality ... Does what it is supposed to do cover the table and look good.Hmmm I guess that 's it .
 Looked beautiful for all my holiday entertaining ! I put it on my glass top round table and what a change it made ... very festive !
 Perfect for my Holiday table . I received many compliments.I also ordered matching napkins.I was a little surprised and disappointed that the detail was stamped on . Beautiful never the less . . its a keeper .
 Perfect , just what I wanted . Will be great on table next Christmas . I have shower curtain and bath accessories also in this design .
 Not only perfect for Christmas Day , but we enjoyed it being on the dining table for the whole Christmas season . There are many beautiful pieces such that everything you 'd ever want or need to set a perfect Christmas table is available -LRB- check eBay , thrift stores , friends - I borrowed dinner plates this year and found a 16 &#34; platter on Rue La La for a good discount -RRB- . Washes up nice ; clean and no shrinkage . -LRB- You 'll need to iron it , though . -RRB- The picture does n't come close to capturing the weight , sheen , and overall high quality you 'd expect from the Lenox name.Purchase this as a foundational Christmas table piece and build up your collection as you can and put this pattern on your Christmas wish list when you 're at a loss as to what to tell family members you 'd like.Consider giving this as a wedding gift with a platter to match to start a couple 's life of entertaining for Christmas together in style .
 It 's Lenox . Do you expect any less than wonderful ? Beautiful fabric , vibrant colors . Easy to wash and iron . Good deal .
 This was spectacular tablecloth on my table at Christmas , was beautiful and elegant , I love , I recommend an excellent acquisition
 Lovely tablecloth with jacquard and X'mas inspired ribbon design all around . It indeed lends a festive touch to the dining area and I wish I had ordered the napkins ! It is good enough to be used not only for X'mas but right through the New Year .
 My daughter in law loves it ! It goes perfectly with her china . Described exactly the way it is . Would recommend it in a heartbeat .
 it is very elegant and made my Christmas table look very festive . I am most pleased with the selection . It also washed up very nicely
 This is a beautiful tablecloth . My daughter-in-law loves butterflies , so I wanted to get her something special for Christmas . She was very pleased to get this gift . It was delivered well before Christmas . Great service !
 It is so hard to find an Oval tablecloth at the store , so it was a risk to not see the material - although I know that Lenox is a good brand . It is really much prettier on my table than in the picture . I love it !
 It is difficult to find Oval table cloths , this one worked perfectly for our Dining Room table , and it looks great
 This table cloth is beautiful , we just moved to the country and it looks great on our formal dining room table . I make sure I remove it before we eat . I do not want it to get stained . It is a wonderful gift to give anyone .
 Lovely compliment to any holioday lenox china that has the gold trim . I have Winter Greetings , but this compliments Holiday and other patterns , too . Non-christmas enough to use for other festive occassions - just golden metallic holly leaves and berries on an ivory background . The ivory background color co-ordinates with all classic Lenox ivory vases or china . If you love leaf patterns , you 'll enjoy this.I recieved many compliments on this tablecloth when entertaining .
 I purchased the Lenox Butterfly Meadow tablecloth and when it arrived , I was absolutely amazed at how beautiful it is . It is much more vibrant in color than in the picture and the material is very lovely . It almost looks like white satin or silk in some areas . It truly is beautiful . I know I keep repeating muself but it truly is.I used it for the first time 2 weeks ago and I had some people over . One of my friends looked at it , stopped in her tracks , and after 30 seconds or so of silence , said , `` this matches my dishes '' . I laughed and said , yes , it is Lenox . She asked where I purchased it and if it was expensive and I filled her in on details . She just could n't get over it.All that is the positive side . Now for the negative and this is why I gave it only 4 stars instead of 5 . I washed it and followed the manufacturer 's instructions to the letter . However , I was a little disappointed that it did not look as great after washing as it did before . Anotherwords , it was a little wrinkly and the edges were curled . It looked as if it needed a cool or warm iron to touch it up . Maybe that is the case . I just thought it would be wrinkle proof.But it is still gorgeous , looks fantastic on the table , and I would buy it again , but maybe in a larger size for when I opened my dining room table to be larger.So , all in all , I would still recommend it and I would buy it again .
 If there were more stars I 'd give this a 10 out of 10 ! I decided to change my Christmas theme this year & was quite impressed by what I saw on line . I can only say this tablecloth exceeded my expectations 100 % . The quality is premium and the pattern is lovely . I also bought the table runners and some fingertips towels to match & visitors keep commenting how great they all look.Can ' t wait to get more stuff in this pattern .
 I was worried that the white would be hard to keep clean since I have two children who still make a mess when they eat . I used it through the holiday season and it still looks brand new . It is a beautiful tablecloth and it is a good quality one . I love it .
 I purchased the Lenox `` Holiday Nouveau '' 70 '' round tablecloth to coordinate with several Lenox Holiday Nouveau serving pieces . Crafted of 58 % cotton , 42 % polyester and machine-washable -LRB- cold water with like colors -RRB- , the ivory-on-ivory holly leaves catch the light and make the tablecloth shimmer , while the tartan ribbon is accented with holly and berries . Be sure to pick up the matching napkins for a gorgeous presentation !
 The colors are beautiful . It is nicely made and fully reversable for that quick sprucing up for the unexpected visitor .
 I bought 3 sizes of the Golden Holiday tablecloth and matching place mats . I also purchased 2 sizes of the Holiday Nouveau tablecloth plus a runner and matching place mats . At first I did n't like the Golden Holiday as it appeared in the package , but once it is on the table , it REALLY is quite attractive . It is the one I keep on the table unless there is a formal dinner . The Nouveau is beautiful in the package and on the table . I use it for more formal gatherings . Both of course go great with my Lenox Golden Holiday dishes . It is simple elegance that ties in well w / Queen Anne styled furniture . I am careful to wash them separately on the gentle cycle , medium setting on the dryer , and lightly touch up w / an iron to remove the creases . Thus far I 've been lucky all food mishaps have come clean . The fabric quality and craftsmanship is high so it justifies the early season discounted sale prices which now are considerably lower , but I would not have paid the listed price on the package . I have yet to be disappointed in anything Lenox and I own numerous pieces . Some are concerned about the quality of the products being made in China vs. USA , but I have not noticed any decrease in quality . Happy holidays !
 I am VERY PLEASED with my new tablecloth !!! It is almost a 3-D look with the various colored flowers and butterflies ! Very elegant on my Ethan Allen dining room table , too . The nice thing is it also matches my decor and tabletop flowers . I would recommend the Lenox Butterfly tablecloth to ANYONE who wants to set a beautiful table ; it washes and dries wrinkle-free . THAT is a bonus !!
 A very nice tasteful table cloth Washed very well and looked just as good after the washer as it did coming out of the box . Will use it for many Christmas 's to come
 This product made a perfect gift for my mother . My mother love it . The quality is great . The only downside is that is was a little too small other than that everthing was great , not mention the quick delivery .
 Bought these to replace the holiday tablecloths I purchased elsewhere that were only half their original size when removed from the dryer . These are easy to launder , look great , and really do sell for much more elsewhere .
 Cruising through my table dressings trying to find inspiration for a bridal shower I found this pattern in a couple of placemats . Soft , Spring/Summer colors and feminine flower designs make this perfect for this special occasion . Lenox table coverings can not be bested in design and quality . Will also be using another Lenox table clothLenox Opal Innocence 60-by-120-Inch Oblong / Rectangle Tablecloth , Whitethat really dresses up a formal table .
 My Grandchildren always love to come to grammies for family diner , In todays busy world having a tablecloth , candles , and flowers is very special memory .
 Very pretty , very elegant , pure cream with gold embroidary though , no green or red in it
 The quality and price ca n't be beat . Great way to start Xmas shopping .
 This tablecloth is just beautiful and washes like a dream . It spans Spring and Summer , no problem , so it is versatile . My only beef ? I wish that it did n't shrink a little . I have a wierd size table , and it was perfect when I first bought it , but after washing it is a bit short on the `` long '' end , and shorter , but not a problem on the `` shorter '' sides . My dream is that tablecloth manufacturers preshrink their cloths so that the finished size is the one that I can trust . Anyway , this is possibly the most beautiful tablecloth I own , goes well with a variety of everyday dishes and fine china , and washes up beautifully with messy kid eaters . It 's made me consider the matching napkins !
 This is a very pretty tablecoth , The colors are so pretty . I 'm really pleased with this .
 I own the complete set of Lenox Holiday China , serving pieces , and many of the accessories . The Holiday Nouveau tablecloth , table runner , napkins , and napkin rings are the perfect finish for an impressive dining room . My guests were in awe of how beautiful the china and linens matched . My family and I were so awestruck at the elegance of the room that we decided to use it as the backdrop for our Christmas photos . All of my Lenox , including my linens , will become memories that will far outlast my lifetime . But remember , if you buy it - use it ! Lenox is meant to be used and enjoyed .
 Beautiful table cloth . I ordered the 70 inch round cloth just to decorate a small table . This table cloth would go with most table top Christmas decor . The red is not bright as someone mentioned in another review . Beautiful nonetheless !
 This product was of high quality and even nicer then I expected . Would highly recommend it to anyone .
 This was far more beautiful than I imagined by the picture . It is very nice quality fabric and washes up easily . No ironing !
 I was looking for Christmas Tablecloths that were conservative and to be able to use 2 in an area that the cloths would not overwhelm the area . Amazon had the largest selection and had just the tablecloths that solved my problem . The cloths were on sale , I ended up paying less for 2 cloths than the retail price of one !!!
 Tablecloth is very well made and was the finishing touch to our dining room table for the holidays .
 This was our second Lenox tablecloth with this design . It is a beautiful tablecloth for A Christmas Dinner setting . However , I found that the luster in the gold ribbon design wore off after just one laundering . It has faded to a dull brown . The tablecloth was laundered according to instructions including air drying instead of using an electric dryer .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister , who absolutely loves it . I am sooo pleased that I found this .
 This tablecloth was prettier than pictured , good quality material . Purchased for a family holiday dinner . My grandson spilled a glass containing red wine on it on it 's first use . I was able to get the stain out and it washed up beautifully
 70 &#34; round tablecloths are hard to find . This holiday tablecloth was more beautiful than the picture ; damask materials launders very well and does not need ironing . Lovely !
 This was great for the holidays . Comes in a variety of sizes and napkins too . I opted to use solid colored dark green napkins and the combo was great .
 I owned this for my large dining room table and bought this one for my kitchen table . It was beautiful having the two rooms coordinated .
 The tablecloth fit beautifully . Napkins are a great size . Good quality and easy to clean . Many complements from family and guests .
 showed up on time , lovely fits my round table well both when it is small and when it is extended to full size
 This tablecloth was everything I had expected and more . The colors are very vibrant and the gold trim is very shiny . My Christmas dishes looked wonderful on it and we received a lot of compliments . I have not washed it yet so do not know how it will stand up to that , but everything else about this tablecloth is worth every penny . I am sad to have to put it away until next holiday season .
 This little gadget is a must have . Since purchasing , I have used it quite a bit and like it more and more . It is sturdy , does the job beautifully , easy to clean and does not take up a lot of space . Everyone should invest in this chopper .
 This is our 3rd coleslaw/salza maker in the past 21 years . We use it at least once a week and love the ease of making coleslaw and salza . Easy to clean as I was putting them in the dishwasher . This last one said to wash by hand - maybe it will last longer than 10 + years . Seller shipped very quickly .
 Very nice works great and easy clean up , stores well and chops leafy vegetables great , it is a bit awkward to use at first but you get used to it and be very careful with the blade it is very sharp
 For a cheap hand cranked food chopper , it works surprisingly well . My wife is Chinese and she has to chop alot of veggies to make assorted Chinese foods . I bought this on a whim and she loves it . She takes alot of time to chop food by hand and this saves her alot of time . Best cheap gift i ever gave her ... Progressive International Manual Food Chopper and Salsa Maker
 This is the easiest and perfect size chopper to use because you do n't have to drag out your big Cuisenart to chop an everyday meal and not soo small like some choppers who seem to only mince , and could n't even chop one onion . Clean up is a breeze , no small parts to remove to wash and possibly lose .
 I purchased my first chopper nearly 13 years ago . I had to replace it here recently because I dropped the bowl and it cracked . My whole family loves it , in fact when my son went off to college he missed it so much that I had to send him one . The chopper is great and dices so fast .
 Very handy and easy to clean up after.Makes perfect coleslaw.Sometimes the cover pops up if not holding on too well .
 I chop a lot of onions , tomatoes , peppers , etc. . I do n't think there 's a vegetable out there - even potatoes - that this wo n't handle . Speaking of handles - the one they ship now is angled up so it does n't hit your knuckles when turning like the first one I bought did . Big improvement . Yes I said first one . I 'm now on my third . This brings up the only issue I have . The clear plastic bowl ca n't be handled too roughly . So if you beat it on the edge of a bowl to knock the contents out -LRB- completely unnecessary -RRB- or use the handle by wedging it against something to gain leverage to turn it in spite of overfilling - it might crack . I blame myself and not the product for this , and just do n't use or even install the supplied handle - it 's of little use anyway . The blades stay sharp enough even after a year of very heavy use . It 's so reasonably priced that I wo n't mind buying a new one occasionally just to get new blades . I have so much control over the size and consistency of whatever I 'm chopping depending on how much I turn the handle . I just love it and do n't know how I got by without it . It makes chopping so easy and my cooking repertoire has really expanded .
 Great product and price . shipped faster than they said . extreamly sharp blades.I will buy a nother one .
 I recently attended a cooking event where electricity was not available . This manual food processor made short order of the task and there were no tears shed over the onions ! Awesome kitchen gadget .
 Rec 'd in a timely fashion and works very well . Would recommend to other people .
 This item works great for mildly chopping ! Much better than an electric food processor ! Made an awesome christmas gift for my parents !
 I purchased this item because i was tired of cutting tomato , onion and chile for my salsa . This chopper does it to perfection in record time !
 This is my second one and I like them very much . The only reason for the second purchase I find the handlesvery weak and you should not rely on them for heavy use.Richard
 What a good produce . i use it all the time.It shipped very fast and was at my door in no time .
 This thing is awesome for chopping up veggies , making salsa , all kinds of stuff . We like it much better than our electric one . A word of caution though - do not hold the handle on the side when spinning the handle , it will break .
 Great and easy to use . Very handy , especially if camping on on the road . Whipped up fresh salsa in minutes , forget the store bought crap , you 'll never go back ! Not extremely strong , but for the price it holds up just fine !
 This is the second one of these I have owned . First one I bought at the state fair and had for 3 or 4 years . Double sided blades are the key to the chopper . I have not used it for anything else . Do n't need to . Fantastic product .
 Bought my first one 13 years ago and it is still chopping perfect but when i ran in to some just like it , i bought 2 more just in case they stopped making them . I couldnt live without one !!
 Great for salsa . We like chopped salsa not the soupy blender type . Slicing and dicing takes forever get the same results in seconds . Spin it until the chunkyness is where you want it . Also use it for quick soups . Put the vegis in and spin , drop in hot water with broth soup is ready in 2 to 3 minutes .
 I had a smart chopper years ago and my niece `` borrowed '' it and never returned it ! I searched until i found another one because in my opinion there is no chopper like it . -LRB- I tried others -RRB- . The price is more than reasonable and it does a fabulous job chopping anything imaginable . I use to give demonstrations to the members of my organization -LRB- s -RRB- i loved it so . They told me i should make a commercial !! LOVE IT !
 I just love this . . I primarily use it for chopping onions . It used to take me 10 minutes to chop onions with knife , and with this tool 5 -10 seconds - saves lot of time.Washing it easy as well , although the blades are very sharp and need to be carefully handledDEFINITELY WORTH THE MONEY
 Received this about 2 weeks ago . I do n't plan on it lasting forever , but works great with onions , vegtables , etc. . Worked great for making a Key Lime pie -LRB- the Key Lime portion only -RRB- . Only complaint is the little cap that fits over the pouring spout does not fit well and falls off easily .
 4th one over the years , good deal great item , let 's you chop to the size you want vs. a food processor , great deal
 This is a simple to use chopper that while it certainly does n't replace my food processor , it is easy to clean and does a good job chopping small amounts . You can make a quick salsa or spin dry herbs . It is a little difficult to turn unless you start with pretty small pieces -LRB- esp . of onion -RRB- . It is essentially the same one seen at fairs and home shows for 3 times the price . I would definitely buy it again from Amazon .
 I use this chopper almost every day . When they develop a crack in the base I immediately order another . These choppers do not make liquid out of the vegetables as you control the speed of chopping . Excellent for making fine textured taco meat . I 've found them not good for chopping nuts as the nuts get caught on the cutter , but this is the only fault I 've ever found with these little units .
 The first time I veiwed the item a friend had it in his kitchen making chicken salad . I ate the chicken salad which he made in 2 minutes flat -LRB- that includes getting all the ingreedience out as well -RRB- . It was wonderful so i had to have one . I love it so much and couldnt find it anywhere so when I saw it on amazon I bought 4 ... LOL
 i have had 3 of these food choppers in the last 6 years and when one gets worn out or broken i replace it with another . the reason why i like these is because they do a fast job with in a few seconds everything you want chopped is done . and they use no electricity . i will be buying more in the future and wont ever have to buy an electric chopper that works only for a short time.these are great gifts as well , i have given four of these away as gifts and have never heard anyone complain about them .
 I have been using this product for about a month now and the help in the kitchen is fantastic ! makes the chopping of anything much easier ! I highly recommend it to everyone !
 I 've been a dedicated Amazon Prime member for many years and ordered the ORIGINAL version of this salsa maker on the advice of a neighbor who knew the guy that had invented it in a neighboring Colorado city -- I actually called the guy on his home phone to place my original order in the mid-90 's . Amazing chopper -- easy to crank , great results with almost no effort -- I still have my ORIGINAL chopper and we even won an award for our salsa making using our chopper . I ordered my dad a chopper shortly thereafter and he used it daily until a few years ago -- I could no longer find the chopper locally so I got on Amazon to order him a replacement -LRB- apparently the chopper had now made it to the big leagues
 I did not get the order from them and when I contacted them they gave me a refund but I wanted the product not a refund , so I contacted them again and they sent it out again . I have it now and I love it .
 I think a spark lighter like this is a must-have for owners of gas torches without built-in igniters . I bought one to light my new propane torch , and it works great . Much more convenient than using matches.There are 5 replacement flints included , which should last you a long time . They are stored in a small plastic holder that keeps them safe .
 This is a fine product , made in the U.S.A. and it works as described . The only issue is that the product description says it includes 5 extra replacement flints , and it didnt arrive that way . The stiker arrived without the blister package it should have been in . It does come with 1 flint already in the striker ready to go however & Amazon customer service took care of the rest with no problem . They agreed to send out a replacement immediately ... for free !
 Should be in everyone 's emergency kit . Much safer than matches . Have n't used this one yet but have had one before and hope I wo n't need it to light our gas range during a power failure !
 This is a good spark lighter . The one I received did n't include the extra flints , but I need it so I guess I 'll just suck it up . Just a word of warning .
 It says right in the product features
 What could be better than a near-life-size image of Mia Hamm hanging on your door or wall ?
 The Christmas Rose china is elegant and timeless . I 've had a set of this holiday china for more than a decade and have always received wonderful comments on it . Spode rereleased this Victorian pattern a number of years ago , so it is an authentic classic pattern . It 's not cheap , but because of the design it has a bit more usefulness than many other `` Christmas '' china sets . I bring it out on Thanksgiving and use it throughout the winter holiday season .
 I bought 4 different thermometers - one for each compartment of our 2 fridges . This is the best one in terms of quality of build and temperature reading . It seems very professional in its style and build . It is easy to read . The only problem with all of them really - any model , any brand - is that there 's no great place to place them ` out of the way ' in the fridge or freezer . So , I just place them loose on a shelf facing the door and that seems to work fine . I guess I could velcro it to the fridge or something like that but I wont . This is a high quality thermometer . Again , of the 4 I bought , this is the best but honestly the others are fine too . This is definitely easier to read than the thermometers with the red liquid .
 When I received my 2 thermostates I was pleased to see that they were within 2 degrees of each other . Easy to read although the one in the freezer does fog up a bit when you open the door . Easy to hang on wire racks or set on a shelf . i was able to hang mine in the freezer , but had to sit it on the shelf in the refrigerator . It is nice to know that the freezer and refrigerator are within safe limits . Oh and they also look to be very well made and durable
 I purchased 3 , got one free . 3 are perfectly accurate with each other and the temps set on my various refrigerators/freezers . One is high by 2 degrees , not a big deal .
 I bought two of these . One for the frig and freezer . Each required different hanging arrangement because I had the smooth glass shelves in the frig and the wire racks in the freezer . I hung mine in the frig , on the shelf supports below the shelf glass by putting the clip through the support slots . Hung the other from the wires in the freezer.These are very easy to read and did n't frost up .
 This is a very useful asset to any kitchen to prevent spoilage due to improperly set refrigerators . I gave one to my folks and we found out their second fridge was way out of wack .
 This thermometer is accurate and durable . The clip is designed to hang from a wire rack , but also keeps the instrument from rolling over on a glass shelf . It 's pretty readable even with bifocals and looks like it will last forever .
 I have two of them . I know this thing is overkill for what I am using them for , one for the insulin mobile kit , and on in the frig near the insulin , yet , this is my life , and , these things are easy to read ! NO PROBLEMS !
 I purchased this oven at Wal-Mart after my old Black and Decker gave up the ghost 15 years later ! I noticed that a lot of the new B&D toaster ovens did n't seem very good , and indeed , many got poor ratings here on amazon . Myself , I 'm not overly impressed with B&D anymore . I 've owned many of their tools and a few dustbusters over the past several years , and all of them died shortly after the warranty did , so I steered clear of buying another B&D product . Now for my review ... This is by far the best toaster oven I 've owned yet . It bakes/broils/convection cooks and has a `` keep warm '' feature . It is simple to operate and has a nice roomy interior . It easily holds a TV dinner or 6 slices of bread . The unit measures 18 by 12-1/2 by 9-1/2 inches , so there 's adequate space inside to accommodate most cooking needs . It features three different rack positions for baking/broiling . It also includes its own baking pan and broiling rack , so there 's no need to hunt down extra cookware . Heck , I even managed to fit a muffin tin in there ! The convection feature is really nice , and cooks in 1/3 the time it would normally take . The oven is also continuous clean , so you do n't have to worry about messy clean-ups or a dirty interior . The crumb tray simply slides out and wipes clean and everything fits securely . The outside of the unit does get hot during extended use , so caution should be excercised when appliance is used around kids . The unit cooks very competently and I used my oven thermometer to check the heat level , since toaster ovens are n't precision cookers and are notorious for temperature fluctuations . However , I set the thermostat for 350 degrees , then to 450 degrees , waited about 20 minutes to get an accurate reading , and I could n't believe my eyes . The temperature was RIGHT ON the mark ! Even my full-sized oven is n't that accurate ! The temperature knob runs from `` keep warm '' all the way to 500 degrees . The timer is easy to set , just wind it up and let it count down . A nice loud bell signals when cooking time is up , and automatically shuts off the unit . When toasting bread , it was evenly done on both sides , though making toast with a toaster oven has always produced mixed results , I have no complaints . Needless to say , I just might retire my old two-slice toaster ! : -RRB- In summary , I would have to say that this in an excellent product . Hamilton Beach has designed an oven that is not only functional , but well-built , simple to use , easy to keep clean and attractive . Unit comes with a two year warranty and my experience with Hamilton Beach appliances has always been positive . Highly recommended .
 I bought this item after my last cheap-o toaster died on me.I have had this for about 3 months , and I 'm getting some awesome miles of this thing!I 've made everything from cookies to cakes to italian casseroles , and they 've come out great each time . Now , for some pointers : At first , you will have to play around w / it a few times , just to get the hang of it . For instance , it says `` up to 33 % faster '' , but for what foods does it actually do that ? and how much faster ? etc etc.Also , there are 3 rack levels , so you 'll learn to use which level for which foods -LRB- the instructions say that when broiling , put the foods that take a long time to cook on the bottom , while fast-cooking foods broil them on top level -RRB- . I love this baby , but if I could have it MY way , i would make it big enough to hold a 12 '' pizza pan !!! This will hold :8 `` x8 '' square baking pan ,9 '' circular baking dishyada yada yada ... not much bigger than that though , or else you wo n't be able to close the door all the way and the heat will escape , making the cook time a lil longer.Excellent purchase , one of the FEW things that i 'm really proud I bought .
 This is the best little oven . Unlike a previous post it DOES make great toast . You have to learn to use this oven . The little racks need to be placed in the right place and your toast will come out great . We use ours everyday . You wo n't regret purchasing this oven .
 September 2004 ReportsGH Institute Tests
 I replaced a DeLonghi oven with this one and I am very pleased . This one did not come damaged as the two previous DeLonghi and this one works twice as well . I 'm now happy they were damaged . I 've made biscuits and roasted peppers and they turned out perfect : - -RRB- Thanks ,
 I purchased the Hamilton Beach toaster oven two months ago , and am very happy with it . The mechanical dials are simple and trustworthy -- unlike digital settings that give the illusion of great control but not the reality . I have used it mostly for toasting and broiling , at which it works reliably , but have also used it on low heat for craft projects , and it was fine at that as well . There are more glamorous retro toaster ovens on the market , and more high-tech-looking ones , but if you 'd actually like to buy a product that functions instead of just looking pretty , I 'd go with this Hamilton Beach model !
 Hello , Have had this convection toaster oven around nine months now and concur with the reviews stating this is a very good machine . Use it practically every day to cook a wide variety of things fast - toast , pizza , fish , baked potatoes , entrees , hot deserts . Food tastes much better when cooked naturally as opposed to nuking it in the microwave . In the future if I 'm in the market for a toaster oven will ensure I get one with the convection feature.You can use for it many things for which you 'd normally use the stove -LRB- even roasts -RRB- and save a lot on electricity and conserve energy.As with most machines you will soon get accustomed to the exact settings and timings preferred for toast and other food , and when you do , will probably use this machine instead of resorting to the stove . Toast takes less than five minutes.As for the `` up to 33 % faster '' line . Believe one reviewer here stated it depends on what you 're cooking - which is true . Frozen Pizzas are around 20 % faster . Breaded Fish Fillets are around 40 % faster . It does cover a wide range but in summary , it usually does cook almost everything faster than the stove .
 Very pleased with this oven . I have had several in the past . The Black and Decker was too small and was just a toaster oven . My Welbuilt was both but it stopped heating aftr 6 months . I love that this one is black like my other kitchen appliances and that it is larger than the other ones I have had . I love to use the toaster oven and the convection oven daily to prepare meals and save on the usage of my large oven . It saves on the utilities . The price was a great price also . I believe anyone would love this oven as I do . It is great !
 This was my first toaster oven . I purchased it because I 've never owned one before but use the one at work constantly and one day I decided , hey why not get one for home ? This one I had to wait for . I did a search on Amazon for the one that got the best rating and this one was on back order . It was well worth the wait . Not only can I toast bread , bagels and muffins easily , but I 've broiled ham , bacon and baked potatoes in this oven with ease . It is user friendly and makes my counter look sleek and modern . Cleaning is a breeze and I put the rack in the dishwasher - cleans right up ! Loving my toaster oven . Would n't part with it for the world !
 After trying many toaster ovens , finally , finally found one that does everything a toaster oven should . It heats quickly , you have a choice of whether you want light , medium , or dark toast . It bakes , toast , broils and heats foods quickly . It has a good size oven and a convection fan . It 's big glass door makes it easier to see what 's going on inside . The dials are large and easy to read . It takes up very little counter space and I ca n't say enough goods things about it . If you are like me and have been buying useless ovens , please stop and buy this one . You definitely wo n't be sorry .
 This a great little oven , It reheats food well and cooks food very nicely . I love the toast it makes , it is far superior to a regular toaster . As with all ovens it gets very HOT and should NOT be used by children .
 Modern design , looks great , perfect for singles with small apartments . Convection feature really does bake faster . Would recommend to anyone who does n't like to cook .
 Good product . Basic . Seems that it will be good for the long haul . Convection is so-so . Temperature seems to run a little high . With all of the problems in all of the other reviews I 've read of other models -- I would say I am very satisfied with this purchase . Fairly easy to clean.Purchase through Amazon from Picnic World . They underpromised on shipping -- 14 days out ? And they overdelivered . I had it within 5 days . I was very pleased to get it sooner.UPDATE -- One of the elements burnt out around October 2008 . Do n't know how or why . Just did n't work one day . It lasted about 21/2 years with 1-2x daily use . I still think it 's ok for price . My husband is using it in his workshop to cure paint . We got a Delonghi EO1260 as a Christmas present -- love the capacity/pizza size and styling . Also that we did n't pay for it ! What I miss from the old one is the timer . I have burnt food in the new oven because I forget about it . I do n't notice the new one being any slower because of not having convection though . This little things heat up so fast anyway , how impatient can you get ? Done by the time the full sized oven would heat up .
 I have always been used to using the traditional oven but I want to save on electricity due to high electric bills . I am very pleased with the amount of items I can use this toaster oven for . Thanks to the other good reviews . You made my purchase that much easier to make .
 This is the best toaster oven I have owned . It warms food up much more rapidly than using my wall oven ; is perfect for reheating leftovers , especially pizza . -LRB- Place your pizza on parchment paper and the crust will crisp nicely . -RRB- It also toasts both sides of bread well ; just remember to put the bread directly on the rack on the top shelf.The only complaint I have is the arrows on the dials are hard to see ; I painted the arrows with silver pen and that really helps .
 This is the best and most beautiful nut cracker so far , the only downside is that I thought it 's German made , but alas!it 's too !
 Nothing much to say . great photo , classic view of the beatles crossing abbey road . the quality of the paper is pretty good , and it ships fairly quickly . -LRB- Considering it is from another company , bought through amazon -RRB- . The poster size is approx . 35 '' x 23 ''
 I bought this poster , SUPER CHEAP = -RSB- and it was a gift for my Beatles obsessed boyfriend . He had wanted this for quite a while and just could not seem to find it in stores or online for a decent price . Well , when he got this in the mail , A DAY EARLIER THAN EXPECTED =] -RSB- -RSB- , he was thrilled and immediately put it up on his wall.I am overjoyed about this , just by seeing how much he loved the gift.Thanks a bunch !
 Any fan of classic rock will immediately recognize the cover picture to the final Beatles studio album , `` Abbey Road . '' Photographer Iain MacMillan took the picture on 8 August 1969 , at around 10 AM . He had about 10 minutes to take the picture.Most of us are too young to remember the `` Paul is dead '' hoax or rumor of the era . Supposedly Paul had died and the Beatles were not telling the rest of the world . Paul is out of step with the other Beatles , he is barefoot , he has his eyes closed , and he is holding a cigarette in his right hand , though he is left handed . The license plate of the Volkswagen Beetle in the background , which was actually just an innocent car that belonged to people across the street from the studio , supposedly contained more clues about Paul 's death . The license plate was stolen numerous times after the album came out . The Beetle was later sold at auction for many times its actual value and now resides at the VW museum.Of course , we know that Paul lived well beyond this picture , and was alive and well at the time this review was written.All the `` Paul is dead '' nonsense aside , Iain MacMillan managed to capture an image that will be one of the most memorable in music history . The photograph is simple and classic , and somehow manages to poignantly capture the end of an era , and , more importantly , the end of a group . This picture is an attractive addition to a bedroom , den , game room , or just about anywhere else you want to remember the final moments of the greatest rock group in history .
 I love this poster ! im a huge beatles fan and wanted something to put up in my dorm room . it came in great condition too = -RSB-
 My daughter loves the Beatles so everything is Beatlemania in her room . The Beatles will live on ... they will never die their music will last forever !
 First off , My sister loves The Beatles ! I purchased this as a stocking stuffer for one of her Christmas gifts . After she opened it she could n't wait to hang it up . The finish is very nice and the poster is a good size . Above her bed it went . On the downside , the shipping took a while . But , she was pretty patient . I did n't tell her what it was but , I told her that she 'd love it . Be careful , a little bit of pressure can cause creases in the poster . Other than that I highly recommend it !
 Originally I was n't going to get the poster on time , but it came in the time I wanted . The poster looked great .
 Awesome poster , it is good quality and pretty big so it works really nicely . The printing on it is good .
 packaged perfect very happy with this item my 14 year old loves the Beattles so she will be happy I am sure
 Great poster , perfect condition , and looks great in my 60 's themed bedroom . A must have for any Beatle Maniacs out there .
 I was just in Liverpool . The Beatles fanatic of a tour guide -LRB- that plays at the cavern club regularly -RRB- said `` the abbey Rd album cover picture was not taken on abbey Rd but somewhere in London .
 I was incredibly pleased with this poster . It shipped very quickly -LRB- for a company outside of Amazon -RRB- and was packaged wonderfully ! I plan to order from them in the future : D
 This poster is really great , if you are a Beatles lover , and want a nice poster for your room . It 's a timeless picture and it never gets boring to look at . The poster came in excellent condition , and I would recommend it .
 I ordered a 2 of these posters , one for my room at home and for my college dorm room . Both arrived in good condition a week after placing the order . This is probably one of the most iconic album covers in music history and you can be sure any Beatles fan will love it . Interesting history behind it
 I bought the Abbey Road poster for real cheap . It came in the mail within a few days , and it 's on my wall right now . Great service and great product !!
 You get what you see.If you like this poster , you will undoubtedly enjoy it on your wall and fondly gaze at it 's simple elegance and irrefutable quality and awesomeness.If not , why would you even look at it in the first place?Buy it !
 Thanks to amazon.com , I was able to find and purchase several posters from the 1970s . I was hosting a suprise party and was so happy that the posters came in time and I could get the decorating done for the party . Again , thanks amazon.com !
 My daughter is really getting into the Beatles and when she found the Abbey Road poster on Amazon she was thrilled ! Once ordered , the poster came very quickly and was in great condition . It quickly went up on her wall and she loves it . Thanks for the great service !
 Actually , I do n't own it , but it 's up on the wall in my friends room . It took us a while before we noticed Paul was n't wearing shoes . Look at the larger image , you can see it .
 Apparently it is something of a London tradition to go to a zebra crossing in St. John 's Wood , in the city of Westmister in greater London , and walk across the road in bare feet . That is because on August 8 , 1969 that was the location outside of the EMI studio at 3 Abbey Road where the most famous cover for a Beatles ' album was shot by Iain MacMillan ; the studio is now called Abbey Road Studio because of this famous association . I understand there is a store next to the tube station that hands out free maps so you can find your way , and there is all sorts of merchandise -LRB- t-shirts , coffee mugs , key chains , etc. -RRB- depicting the crossing to be bought.The cover of `` Abbey Road '' was also the last clue in the `` Paul is Dead '' running gag that the Beatles had going . Paul McCartney had been in a motorcycle accident in 1966 , but somehow the rumor got out that it was a car crash and that Paul had been killed -LRB- decapitated apparently -RRB- , replaced by a look alike named William Campbell -LRB- apparently the actor who played Trelane on the original `` Star Trek '' -RRB- , dumped Paul 's girlfriend Jane Asher and married Linda Eastman instead . The `` Sgt. Pepper '' album was seen as containing a wealth of clues , especially Paul being pictured were an O.P.D. -LRB- `` Officially Pronounced Dead '' -RRB- , which was reinforced by him wearing a black carnation in the booklet for `` Magical Mystery Tour '' and the `` I buried Paul '' line you can hear at the end of `` Strawberry Fields Forever '' -LRB- Lennon claimed he was really saying `` cranberry sauce , '' but where is the fun in that ? -RRB- . Then there was the song `` Glass Onion '' on the `` White Album '' where John Lennon informs us , `` Here 's another clue for you all ... the walrus was Paul . `` But it was the cover shot of `` Abbey Road '' that was the final nail in the coffin , so to speak . The idea is that this is Paul 's funeral procession . John is Jesus dressed in white , Ringo Starr is the minister -LRB- or funeral director in some interpretations -RRB- , Paul is the barefoot corpse -LRB- no need for shoes in the afterlife -RRB- , and George Harrison is the gravedigger . There is also the fact that Paul is out-of-step with the other three Beatles , which signifies either being dead or left-handed . But then we get to the license plate on the Volkswagen Beetle -LRB- oooh , `` Beetle , '' get it ? -RRB- , which reads
 Although I paid extra for expedited shipping , it still took EIGHT days to receive the item . Item was received in excellent condition , but overall , very , very unhappy with this transaction .
 I purchased this item in order to verify the failure of our new oven to keep a regulated temperature setting . This item worked very well . Hangs in the forward corner of the oven . I would have liked a larger face to read but thats part of my age!Great product which is highly recommended to maintain cooking temps .
 seems to do what it is supposed to . temp reads same as oven setting.accuracy , who knows .
 This Component Design oven thermometer is pretty nice , I must say . I am going to summarize its advantages and disadvantages up front.Advantages :1 -RRB- Accurate2 -RRB- Solid construction3 -RRB- Delay temperature response -LRB- so you can open the oven door and read accurate temperature -RRB- 4 -RRB- Fair priceDisadvantage :1 -RRB- Delay temperature response -LRB- it takes ~ 10 minute for temperature equilibration -RRB- For one and most important , it is accurate . It is accurate within 5F according to the online product manual -LRB- it is under the product details section of the Amazon website -RRB- . I have also tested it using boiling water . Water boils at 100C and it reads exactly that when it was submerged in boiling water after awhile . The construction appears very solid . Hey , I submerged it in boiling water and water did not leak into the dial . The price is fair . It was sold at $ 13 with the optional special offer of 4-for-3 . The thermometer I received does not exactly look like the one in the photo . Mine has temperature readings in both Celsius and Fahrenheit , with the Celsius readings in the inner circle and Fahrenheit readings on the outer circle . When the thermometer is placed in my oven with the oven door closed and the oven light on , I can only read the Celsius marks . This is because the oven light is illuminated from the back and the shadow casts on Fahrenheit markings . Yet this is alright . This is exactly where the strength of this oil filled tube comes in . The oil filled tube is designed to increase the heat capacity of this thermometer , resulting in a delay response . I can open the oven door for 30 seconds and the thermometer needle will barely change - plenty time to read . In fact , I believe the delay response is too long as I will explain later . Some readers have problems with the thermometer bracket , but I do n't . Mine attaches nicely to the oven rack . Even if it does not , I can simply place the thermometer on the rack.The oil-filled tube is a double edge sword . On one hand , it allows me to read the thermometer reading when I open the oven door . On the other hand , it takes ~ 10 minutes before it fully equilibrates to a new temperature . When I drop this thermometer into boiling water . It took more than 2 minutes to reach its final temperature . Your oven may very well be 350F , but if you expect its reading to reflect the oven temperature within 2-3 minutes , then you are mistaken . You may wonder why I rate this nice product a four-star for a single problem . Well , it is an fairly inconvenience problem . Every time I change the oven to a new temperature , I have to wait for more than 10 minutes before the reading become reliable . This is fine in most cases , but it is difficult when recipes call for two temperature steps . In my opinion , CDN has made the oil filled tube too large , resulting a much longer time delay response than necessary .
 This oven thermometer is really handy . I like that it hangs form the oven rack rather than taking up space sitting on the rack as some other types do . It 's great to know what temperature it REALLY is inside my oven so that my baking recipes turn out properly .
 Works well , although the face has discolored a bit due to oven heat . It is still easily read and the fact that the probe has oil in it is helpful because it gives ample time to look at the face and accurately read the temp . It helped us realize our oven was not heating up very quickly or hot enough , so we adjusted and have been gettin better baking results .
 I wish every product description on Amazon listed country of origin . For others that want to know , this product is made in China . This thermometer is also NSF approved.I had suspected that my oven was heating lower then the indicated temperature so I wanted a thermometer inside to verify . I like the design of this thermometer with the long stem behind it that I feel conducts the heat better than the simple flat thermometers that are more common . Being oil filled is nice also as the temperature reading does not drift if you open the oven door . I had no problems clipping thermometer to the oven rack . I have a GE oven . It hangs nicely with the stem behind the thermometer floating near the center of the oven . I find ALL oven thermometers difficult to read through the oven window but I have the thermometer positioned so that for 350 degrees the needle points straight up and I can easily see that through the window . I found that my oven reads about 360 on this thermometer when the oven is set at 350 degrees . My digital probe read 362 . That 's no comment on accuracy but rather consistency . What I did learn is that after my oven signals it is at temperature , 350 degrees , my thermometer read 260 degrees and it took another 30-45 minutes for the thermometer to register 350 degrees . No wonder I was having baking problems.I would not hesitate to recommend this product to anyone . So far it has met my expectations and is exactly what I wanted .
 Very well , a little hard to read , the degrees-F readings are almost obscured by the bezel . That said , seems sturdy enough and allowed us to establish a baseline of how far off our oven 's control panels really is -- as we suspected .
 Very Accurate ! Measured 3 thermometers at same time . The other 2 were off by 25 degrees F.I measured temps from 350 - 475 in 25 degree steps . I took about 10 mins to reach proper reading temp.The clip worked great also.Highly recommend.I at least know I can trust my ovens temp settings .
 Just as pictured and nicely priced . I use them all the time and they are so much better than plastic bowls . Anyone who has ever stored tomato sauce will tell you . Put it in a Stainless steel bowl , NOT plastic due to the stains that are impossible to clean .
 When I got the item , it is what the picture shows -LRB- 4 of the # 4 containers -RRB- I did n't mind , because its what I actually wanted . For those of you wanting the whole set like it describes it being , THIS IS N'T IT !! Got the product in perfect condition and the seller was great !
 This is a good product for the money . The only thing I would improve on would be the ability for the door hinges to stop at any point when opening them - they tend to pull themselves closed until you open them halfway , then they tend to swing to fully open . My wife likes to have it somewhere in between to be able to use the mirrors to see the back of her hair . Other than that , a great product - installs easy and serves its purpose well.The real reason I am leaving a review and giving it 5 stars is for the customer service I received from Zenith . When I originally got the product one of the mirrors had cracked during shipping . I contacted Zenith using the information on a card included with the product . Within a week , they sent out a replacement mirror . However , when I went to install it , I realized that I had told them the mirror on the end door was cracked , and it was actually the mirror on the middle door , so I ended up with three ends and no middle . I contacted them again , saying I 'd be glad to pay for a new middle door or ship the end door back in exchange for a middle door . Even though it was my mistake , they were very polite on the phone , then sent me out a new middle door at no charge , and did n't even ask me to send the end door back . They went above and beyond good customer service .
 This is a very nice cabinet , lots of room and easy to install , great value .
 I was looking for this medicine cabinet , as it was just like one I installed a few years ago in another bathroom.The reviews of this product showed a likely possibility that some glass would be broken due to inadequate packing . Sure enough all the glass was broken when delivered to my house.I followed the instructions that came inside the box . The lady on the other end was very helpful . Just over a week later a new , very well packed box arrived and the glass was perfectI would order from this outfit , again . If you do n't mind waiting an extra week for replacement parts things will work out just fine.Great Customer service .
 Your book is well laid out and was represented perfectly and sent it quickly . I like each chapter and how thorough it is .
 As an ex-Seattle-ite of 12 years , I am pretty persnickity about my espresso . I found this microwave espresso maker at an upscale retail outlet for discontinued merchandise , in my new home city , and thought , what the heck , it is only $ 10 , what do I have to lose ? For ten bucks I got the microwave espresso maker and a frother , basically a beaker with plunger/beater for making steamed milk froth you see on a cappucinno.After a few attempts , I found the proper setting on my microwave , to make excellent shots of espresso . I did have a couple of messes to clean up before I figured it out . I have a smallish GE microwave purchased in 1997 , and do n't remember the wattage , but running the microwave for 1 minute and 45 seconds yields almost a full shot of espresso . I empty the result into a cup and put the espresso maker back in the microwave for an additional 10 or 15 seconds which makes enough more to make a good sized shot when added to the first batch . I do this because one newspaper reviewer , who I will talk about later , mentioned that his espresso had a burned taste from leaving it in too long . I have not experienced this , but do this anyway as a precaution . The result is an acceptable dose of espresso for use in making a latte , etc. , every time . I do sometimes just add a bit of sugar and take it straight , as well.Now for the frother . This little guy is amazing and worth the cost , even if you do n't use the espresso maker . I am able to make a decent froth in a few seconds using non-fat milk . Whoa . With whole milk you can make something approaching whipped cream in a 15-30 seconds.Now for the reviewer I mentioned earlier . This fellow published his very negative review in the Seattle Times and , I think , contributed to the apparently horrible reputation that perhaps caused B&D ; to discontinue this little gem . He obviously did not tinker enough to figure out the settings that would work for his microwave , etc , , and made a couple of messes and gave up , and then proceeded to blast this espresso maker.I wondered if I was the only person who liked this little guy , so I called a good friend of mine who is a consultant and travels all over the country to see if he wanted one of these . He was way ahead of me and had already been using one for some time . He loves it and it goes everywhere with him . BTW , he is twice the coffee snob that I am . He told me that when he is home he still uses his little B&D ; instead of the fancy countertop unit he has in his kitchen , if he wants to make a single shot of espresso.This is like the Holy Grail of microwave espresso makers , though , to my knowledge , it is the only one of its kind . OK , maybe I am being too enthusiastic , but , hey , I love my coffee . It is handy enough toss in the suitcase and take with you for making espresso in your hotel room , if you are a traveler , or just do n't want to spend a few hundred dollars for a gadgety space hogging countertop appliance . I actually went back to the store where I bought this and bought two more , in case something happens to my first one , so I will never be without one.OK , now for the negatives , and there are some . This guy only makes one shot at a time , and then you have to empty the grounds and start over . If I want to share an espresso with my honey , then she had better be patient , because the first shot is for me . The coffee goes in a little aluminum cup that is covered by a screen , and this little cup gets HOT . If you want to make a second shot you have to take the maker apart , empty the grounds , refill it and start over . I do it , sometimes , and it is not impossible , but I do alot of cursing when I do . Of course you can set it aside to cool off first , but that 's no fun.Bottom line , this is a great little espresso maker if you do n't mind making one shot at a time , do n't mind experimenting a bit , are a traveler , do n't want to spend money or space on a large espresso maker , etc. . I heartily recommend this microwave espresso maker and wish you luck in finding one -LRB- my spares are not for sale ! -RRB- . They are still out there , and I did also see them at Walgreens , at one time .
 I looked at wood floor cleaners for several months and finally decided on this one . I chose the Flip-It for the price which was much lower and for the size . This unit if very light weight and easy to store and tote around . I felt like the larger cleaner would be too much trouble to drag in and out . I have wood floors in the kitchen , nook , and foyer and I can clean the entire area with one tank and still have a little left over . It 's not any faster than mopping but it 's much easier . My floors really clean and who would n't love that !
 I just learned of this product recently but due to the economy it has not been in the budget . Then today I stopped by the thrift store looking for an egg incubator and I saw this FlipIt with a 15.00 price tag , but everything in the store was 20 % off . So for 12.00 I got the machine , 5 pads -LRB- 4 new in the package -RRB- , 2 scrub brushes , and an unopened bottle of cleaning solution . Not too shabby considering a new mop costs that much . My friend did question why someone would have given it to the thrift store , but I decided it was worth the 12.00 risk.I am SO glad I bought this machine . I have 3 young kids , 1 dog , and 2 cats as well as a husband who is a mechanic and ca n't seem to grasp the concept of removing his shoes before he comes in the house . Right away I set it up and got to work . Normally it takes me about an hour to do the kitchen and dining room , not including the time it takes to clean the stray legos and socks . I asked my little guys to get down there and pick up the large objects -LRB- a french fry , some dog food -RRB- because I could see that the machine was not designed to pick up what I would normally use a vacuum hose on . Normally I sweep daily and mop every 2-3 days because its such a pain . Honestly it should be mopped daily . Well start to finish I `` swept '' and mopped my kitchen and dining room in less than 20 minutes and it was DIRTY today ! The vacuum cleaned up the spilled potting soil and crumbs no problem though I did notice it sent the lint flying . It cleaned the hair that the mop normally pushes up under the edge of the cabinets requiring me to go over the outside edge of the room with a wet rag , and it had no problem with MY hair which seems to get all over everything . Then i switched to the wet side and was pleasantly surprised at how well it worked . It cleaned up the applesauce and pomegranate as well as the mystery spot and the dirty little footprints caused by my son running into the garage barefoot and then running through the kitchen . It dried in a fraction of the time and best of all every area was cleaned using fresh water that was then removed from my floors.I am really impressed . Tonight I plan to mop my laundry room floor and THEN use this machine to see just how much dirt my mop and broom are leaving behind.Honestly I like this product . I am not sure how much I would have liked it in my old house that was 100 % wood laminate , but for an average house with average size rooms it works great and saved me a ton of time and my floor is cleaner than it has been in ages.My only complaint would be the filter which needs to dry before I can use it again . I wish it had come with 2 filters so I could use one while the other is drying ... thats how often I have to clean my floors !
 I love this product . I bought it for my wife off amazon about four months ago . I read some of the bad reviews about it on amazon and asked my wife if she had had any similar complaints . She had nothing but good to say about it . I decided to see for myself . Our house is mostly tile so I really got a good chance to see how it works . I have to say I have nothing but good to say about it . It has plenty of suction power on the dry vacume side , and on the wet side it picks up the water just fine . If you use the brush instead of the pads it really cleans the grout very good . The proof is in the recovery tank you can see everything you picked up . I would recomend this product to anyone .
 I bought a Bissell Flip_it for myself several months ago and was so pleased with the results when used on my ceramic tile floors , I purchased one for my daughter-in-law . She recently had ceramic tile floors installed in her home and I want her to be able to clean and maintain her tile floors with as much ease as I enjoy with the Flip-It . I had purchased another similar type product prior to getting the Flip-It and was so disgusted with its lack of performance , I threw it away . I have no hesitation in recommending this product . It 's worked great for me .
 This vaccuum/mop is a great product . First you vaccuum your floor and then flip it around to mop . It 's fantastic . I love that it does n't take a long time for the floor to dry . Some things that you may not like is that the unit does n't fit into tight spaces that you need to mop like behind the toilet . Another thing that I did n't find thrilling about the flip it is that if you go directly from the vac feature to the mop feature all the debris collects in one container so you can dump your dirty water down the sink , and sometimes it take a couple seconds before the mop engadges after switching directly from the vac feature . But the flip it does work . And I was a skeptic when I bought it .
 I read a lot of reviews about the Bissell FlipIt before deciding to try it out . Sometimes , you just got ta go against the grain , and in this case , I 'm glad I did . I have a cat and just moved into an apartment with hardwood floors . Coming from carpet , I did n't realize just how dirty they would get , and how quickly . This little machine has been a lifesaver . I use it almost every day . A few key points to note : * A lot of reviews mention that it does n't `` suck '' anything up in the vacuum part , that instead , it just moves things around . If you 've ever vacuumed hard wood floors , that tends to happen with any vacuum . But I found that this works great on kitty litter , cat hair , human hair , and lots of other little things . A little patience goes a long way with this . * It leaks
 First let me start by saying that I did not buy this on amazon I got it used at a thrift store for $ 13 . I have owned a Hoover Floor mate and Irobot Scooba . This Flip-It from Bissel is a good little machine for small spaces . I have been using it for 2 mos and only just realized that there are supposed to be pads on the bottom of it ! It did a good job without the pads though . It is best for small floors . I would NOT want to use it for large kitchen or for a whole house . House with smooth floors through out , get an IRobot scooba . Large kitchen with heavy traffic or pets get a Hoover Floor mate . The Bissell flip it is best for smaller areas or light traffic .
 I FLIPPED over my Bissell Flip-it Bare Floor Cleaner 5200 ! My main living areas are all Wilsonart Oak Laminate Flooring and ordinary mopping left streaks and spots when dry , regardless of the cleaning products I used -LRB- even the cleaner recommended for my Wilsonart flooring -RRB- . Needless to say I had to dry the floor with towels on my hands and knees . I used my Flip-it for the first time and viola ! With just a few passes the floor dried with no streaks or spots ! And it takes just a couple of minutes to rinse the filter , pad , squeegee , and the tanks for the next use . I allowed them to dry several hours and all parts snap back onto the unit easily . I WILL NEVER USE A MOP AGAIN !
 I have found a new love in my life !! The Bissell Flip-it !! It does eveything that it is designed to do ! I read all the reviews posted and was a little reluctant , but decided to form my own opinion . The dry side picked up crumbs , hair , sand/dirt etc. . The wet vac is equally efficient . The key with the wet vac is not moving too fast and allowing it to pick up the water like it is designed to do . The beauty of this machine is being able to immediately switch from vacuuming to mopping without having to stop like using a broom and mop . Also it is very easy to use and great for people like me with health problems that can not use a traditional broom and mop and overexert themselves . My floors are now very clean and streak free ! Clean up was very easy and if you clean the filter after every use , this will optimize the suction of the vac . I am going to recommend this product to all my family and friends !
 very easy to use , my 10 year old son loves to do the floor with it , it does take more time to clean because of the small cleaning surface
 The Bissell Flip-It saves me a lot of time cleaning floors and does a more thorough job than a mop .
 I was very leery of purchasing this product based on the reviews I read here ... Thankfully , I decided to ask for it from my Husband for Christmas anyway ! It is the best thing to have ! I have not had to get down on my knees to scrub floors for almost three months now ... It cleans up very easily and stores right in my closet . It might have a few little drawbacks , but nothing worth mentioning and nothing worth deciding to not buy it .
 This little floor cleaner is great , so far I really like it , it is not flimsy like some of the cheaper ones they sell , and it has done a great job on my floors that get lots of traffic , very easy to use , makes cleaning hard floors a breeze
 I LOVE this item . My tile floors have never been so clean . No more mops for me !!!!!!!!!!!
 What a great product ! Not only did it make cleaning my hardwood floors easy , it was so fast and lightweight to use ! The interchangeable pads were great and did such a great job ! My floors are very clean ! It is so much nicer than having to clean with a mop and bucket because I never have the time to haul all of that stuff out ! I have 1 dog and two cats and the vacuuming portion of this machine made pickup a breeze ! Then all I had to do was `` Flip-It '' and mop the floors . Very simple to use and the results were fantastic !
 I love this product . We have a child with very severe acid reflux who vomits quite often -LRB- several times daily at one point -RRB- while eating . I was tired of constantly mopping it up . I bought this product about a year or so ago and it has been a lifesaver . It is easy to use and I do n't have to clean out the mop afterward . Clean up is pretty easy compared to using a mop and bucket . We do n't use their company provided solution . We just buy any floor cleaner and it works fine . We have no use to flip it and use the other side .
 It works for me . I can clean quickly . Mopping takes much more preparation and therefore , did n't get done . It is not perfect but is way easier and faster than mopping . My floor stays cleaner now .
 I love this product . The one thing that I would advie everyone to do is FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS . You should absolutely empty the cansiters after each use to preent a foul odor . This is not hard to do and only takes a couple of seconds.This machine was excellent at sucking up the water and leaves my floors beautifully shined . It 's so lightweight and compact that I can use it daily for spot cleans if necessary . I love how it rotates from vacuum to mop in one twist . It 's great!This is definitely a product for the home . I would not recommend it for industrial use . Someone wrote that they tried to use the machine to vacuum leaves ... not a good idea .
 Wow is all I can say ! This cleaner is fanstatic ! It suctioned up all of the dirt from my hardwood floors including animal hair and other debris tracked in from my kids ! It was so simple to use ! After vacuuming I simply had to `` flip-it '' over and was ready to `` mop . '' The whole process only took me 10 minutes for my kitchen floors and the results were great ! The floors were dry in half the time they would have been in I would have mopped the floor . And when I was done , I emptied the dirty water tank and it was ready to store until next time ! It was so easy !! I really love this new methid of cleaning , I do n't have to get down on my hands and knees and scrub anymore !
 I love this item . I have ceramic tile floor and I could not believe how dirty it was until I used this . You can really see a difference . My tile is clean and with no streaks . My grout is CLEAN !! When I first used this product the water was black , now whenever I use it , the pickup water is just a little discolored . I have no problems with this product at all . No leaking , nothing !! I have and will continue to recommend the Bissell Flip It .
 I purchased the flip it about 2 weeks ago . After reading the reviews I was worried that I wasted my money ; however , I am glad I opened the box and gave this machine a try . I have a dog who likes to play in the mud . I was sick and tired of getting on my hands and knees cleaning the kitchen floor . I noticed that the bissell flip-it does blow around some dirt , however it picks it up by the time I finish using the wet side . The one problem that I see is that it does not reach and pick up dirt and/or crumbs next to the walls . After I finish cleaning , I have to use my dustbuster to pick up the dirt by the wall . THe other problem I have also noticed is that I have to fill the clean water tank up 3 times to clean my kitchen and hallway floors . I used up the cleaner that was provided in the box the first day I used my flip-it . The flip-it goes though cleaning solution very fast , and a new bottle of cleaner is $ 6.99 . I feel that this is very costly , and adds to the price of the machine . The postive comments I can share is that it picks up the mud my dog and husband drag in and I do n't need to clean it in 2 steps like I would have the do if I had to use my vacuumand mop . I quickly use the dry side to pick up crumbs , dirt , and dog hair . -LRB- This machine looks like it is blowing dog hair around on the floor at first , but when I emptied the dirty tank I saw alot of dog hair that had been sucked up by the flip-it . -RRB- Then I flipit to the wet side to clean up the dirt on my floor . This machine does a great job cleaning my white linoleum floor . I only have to push and pull the machine one time over one area to clean my floor . With this machine I have discarded my mop and bucket . If you expect this machine to preform miracles you will be disappointed . If you are looking for a machine to try to elimate getting on your hands and knees this will work for you .
 As a military spouse , we move , and have different types of floors that need cleaning . I have hard floors pretty much througout every room in my home , and also in our previous home abroad . The Vaccum side does not work well at all , but I prefer to do a good sweeping first no matter how I mop . In comparison to sponge and rag mops , this leaves the floor pretty dry , and the suction is great . As long as you empty the tank and keep it clean , and use just a minimal amount of cleaner in the clean tank , it works wonderfully . It 's about half the work then regular mops and cleans twice as good as regular mops and swiffers , that generally just push dirt around . I believe it 's worth the $ $ . I 've had mine for two years now .
 Purchased the cleaner as a belated Christmas gift for my daughter . She loves it and says it works far better than she expected . Great for a quick cleanup .
 This product has recently been launched in UK for the price of 99 , as usual we are being ripped off in Europe while you lucky Americans have the better deal at $ 99 . Having read the reviews I would like to buy one.Can anyone tell me if I order this from a US website , will the product be compatible with UK voltage ?
 i love it . my dog chewed through the cord on my first one so i bought this one . sturdy and light , easy to use , no dirty mop water on your floors ...
 This is my second Flip It and it works so well with our porceline tiled kitchen floor . This tile sort of collects every kind of dirt and the FLip It just sucks it all up and then scrubs it clean . I highly recommend it for those hard to clean kinds of tile !
 This is so nice . It is great for the money . It saves me time and effort cleaning my hardwood floors . The unit works great with no leaks and does not take up lot of space in my closet . I wish it came in colors !
 Product arrived on day promised . The cleaner was ordered by my mother , who is no longer physically able to keep her bare floors as clean as desired by other methods . She tells me that she is very satisfied with the product . It cleans the floor to her high standards with a minimum of time and labor .
 It works fine , but I only use it for scrubbing . It is built better than it looks because on the first time I used it the phone rang and I thought I had it stood up , but I did n't . It fell over hard . I could n't believe that nothing broke ! I advise you make sure it is in the upright position . It sure beats getting on your hands & knees and cleaning ! I could n't find the cleaning solution in my area , so I bought another brand .
 I have never reviewed anything that I 've purchased from Amazon in the past - but I made it a point to review this floor cleaner !! It 's totally awesome ! I 'm a busy working mom with a 2 year old boy , and have hard wood floors in my kitchen . I mop my floor every night after dinner . Using the Flip It , I get the job done in no time , and the floor is SO clean !! It 's amazing the amount of dirt this thing picks up ! I 'd give it 6 stars if I could for wood surfaces . I think it works much better on hard wood than on tile . For tile floors , I 'd give it a 4 .
 I do not know if this is their latest version , but it is my third one . I love it . Do n't bother with the red one , the one that heats the water . If you use hot water in the tank to start , it should be fine.I have five dogs , some who are older and can not `` hold it '' . I would be lost without my flip it !
 I am amazed how much dirt this small mop picks up . I have had it for a year and it really cleans the floor . I have had no leaking or failure to pick up the water , or any flaws in a year . It 's so much easier to use than a regular mop and bucket , I highly recommend it !
 I have long been a fan of Bissell products and this one did n't disappoint me . I have a Bissell rug shampooer and now the Flip It.We have lots of hard surface flooring in our new home and this is just the ticket . I just finished cleaning the floors and it was amazing.I would recommend this to anyone with lots of hard surface flooring .
 I got one on clearance for 32 bucks , I read the reviews after I bought it . Since a lot of folks did n't like it , I was thinking maybe thats why it was on clearance because its a piece of junk . I tried it today and I just love it . No problems , no drips , no soaked floors . My seven year old vacuumed the floor . I did empty the dirt tank after vacuuming before I flipped it , which is probably a good idea if there is alot of stuff on the floor . I really like the idea of no bucket and mop or wet floors . My 12 and 13 will be doing the floor from now on .
 It 's great . I use it frequently and it does a wonderful job . You DO have to follow the manufactorer 's instructions of cleaning it after each use -LRB- wet or dry -RRB- to avoid clogs .
 I hate sweeping and have laminate floors through most of the house . Most products for hard floors leave out laminate . This claimed it was good for laminate floors as well as tile and others . It is awesome !!! Quick , easy , lightweight . Having to clean the tank is n't great but compared to having to use my big vaccum and then swift or mop -LRB- which would get too wet for laminate floors -RRB- this is just the berries . The person who just gave it 1 star I would have to wonder if they were using the dry vac side first which you need to . You have to vaccum up the crumbs and dirt ect before you use the wet vac side . I love having one sweeper that does both , and it is so easy to go back and forth from dry vac to wet & dry vac . I got mine on sale for a fantastic price too !!
 Nothing is perfect in life ... Even cute little machines like this ... . I think it works fine ... I do n't get any blowing stuff around when you vacume ... . and the water pick up part does a good job ... . No water left on the floor just a small bit of dampness ... When I first used mine a few things happened ... . and it was n't working quite right , but for some reason its great now ... . It did blow the water on the floor forward and did n't suck right ... but I took it apart and put it back together and its great now ... . SO GET ONE !!!!
 I have Khars swedish wood floors with the urethane coating throughout my home , as well as a bit of tile and linoleum . I 've got a thirteen year old boy and a bunch of cats . I tried the somewhat comparable Hoover product some time ago and promptly returned it . It streaked my wood floors so bad that I was better off leaving them dirty . Then I tried Swiffer - what a joke that was ... It did n't even work on my linoleum , much less my wood floors . I agree with everyone that the dry vacuum side of this unit is pretty worthless , but the wet vac and dry side makes up for it . Using the Bissell Hard Wood floor cleaner that came with the unit , I had streak-free , clean shiny wood floors . I like the soft pad -LRB- and it comes with two of them ! -RRB- that you can attach instead of the brush . Prior to finding this product , I could only use Khars wood floor cleaner , which I would have to spray out of a bottle -LRB- and is expensive -RRB- , then use a flat dry mop , which would become filthy . The mop pads would need to be replaced after doing only about 24 square feet . It 's too bad the dry vac side is n't up to par , but even if it was , I 'm sure I would need to use my large Riccar vacuum to get up all the stuff that ends up on my floors .
 I have 3 large dogs that drool any water left in their mouths after a drink , and a large textured ceramic floor that collects dirt in the grooves of the texture . I bought a Hoover Floor-mate in hopes of eliminating the mop and bucket , and because I felt that after a while I was pushing around dirty water . The Floor-mate did pick up a lot of dirt , but it is too large to get under cabinets and the brushes are too soft and too high to get into the crevices of the texture in the ceramic.I decided to try the Flip-It because it is supposed to vacuum and wash the floor . First of all , you really have to vacuum first and clean the receptacle before washing . Otherwise , you will end up with a yucky mess to clean from the receptable and filter . I did n't find that the vacuum blew the hair as one other buy had reported , but I agree that it does n't vacuum very well . It picked up some hair and small crumbs , but did n't get all of it . This was obvious when I washed the floor . More hair was picked up in the washing process.With the rubber brush and a little pressure , this cleaner did get much more of the dirt out of the floor texture . I still had to scrub some with the brush on the unit , but I would have to do the same with a sponge mop . At least with this cleaner , the dirty water is vacuumed up and clean solution is dispensed for the next section . Even with my uneven floor , the unit did pick up the water , and the floor dried quickly.The first floor bathroom , hall , kitchen , and foyer are pretty large , kitchen alone is about 12 ' x 18 ' . I had to refill the cleaner 3 times . I filled the unit with hot water from the tap . So maybe that helped . I do n't think this is too bad because I had to refill the Floor-mate as many times and it did n't get the floor as clean.I would n't use this unit as a vacuum again , but as a hard floor cleaner , I think it works well on floors that need more scrubbing than a soft brush .
 I do n't think that this little machine is nearly as bad as some of these reviews make it out to be . I think alot of people have much too high expectations on what a product like this should do.A little over a year ago I purchased the hover floor mate , And I thought it was the best invention ever . For a person like me who hates a mop and bucket and hates waiting for the tile floor to dry because it is deadly when it is wet . Fast forward to this week when I started to mop the kitchen and the motor blew up on the hover . With three children and three dogs I needed to quickly replace it . Despite the many poor reviews on the bissell I decided to try it figuring I could return it if it was too awful . I was pleasently supprised with how it performs . I would n't say that it cleans the floor any better or worse then the hover did , especially considering the much lower price . But I will point out what qualities I noticed right away that I do like better . For one it is much lighter than the hover . It is easier to switch from wet to dry vac and back when you notice that tuft of dog hair you missed . The hover would get clogged very easily if you tried to vacume dog hair while the inside of the vacume was still wet from mopping . And finally , I find the bissell much easier to clean out and put back together when done cleaning.I do n't feel that any of these machines are really designed to ` scrub ' deep down into grout lines and yes , as with any mop , you sometimes have to make several passes over a tough spot , but atleast you do n't have to put any pressure down on it to get the spot up . Just let the scrubber part rest on the spot for a sec . All in all , it works great for me as a daily quick clean up for the dog hair , drool and sticky mistery goo that the kids always seem to leave behind : -RRB-
 I purchased this product for the wet floor cleaning ability . I am sold ; I think it is wonderful and great . I paid 75 dollars for mine at a discount retailer and have been impressed so far . We have 2 dogs and a toddler in our house which is 75 % ceramic tile so there are many things that I like about this unit .1 . It is light and easy to use with one hand and truly does go from dry to wet on the fly . Of course the sacrifice for this is that the tanks -LRB- both clean and dirty -RRB- are somewhat small .2 . It picks up adequately on the dry vacuum side Cheerios and dog hair do n't give it any problems and the dirt that falls in the grout comes up too . My house requires sweeping up first period . There is no way ANY vacuum could get into all the nooks and corners without a wand , but I do wish it was a little lower profile and a little wider on the vacuum side . Although it seems to pick up fine it just does n't feel very powerful as vacuum cleaners go .3 . The wet cleaning side is great , works beautifully and does not leave much water at all . I love it ! My only complaint is that as others have said , the tanks are small and the filter does clog pretty easily . But I figure you have to make sacrifices for price and compact design.All things considered it is easy to use does a great job for everyday cleaning and I ca n't beat the price . It seems pretty durable too , the other day it hit the floor and both tanks and the wet vac . head popped off , I freaked out for a minute and the snapped everything back together and it ran like a champ . Although I am sure it is not recommended I did suck up and entire cup of coffee off the floor the other day with not so much as a dribble of the brown liquid left it did perfectly.You also have to remember to leave a little time to get to know the machine . I experienced almost all the same problems as other users in the beginning too . Other users have commented about the dirty water on the floor and the fact that it does n't pick the water back up and it leaks etc. . I had all these things happen and ALL were attributable to operator error ! Vacuum does not pick up = I have never met an upright that did n't blow stuff . EVER ! Dirty water not picking up = filter was clogged , unclogged filter , took two minutes . Tank leaks = dirty water = not clicked in all the way . Clean water = screwed cap on wrong . Takes long time to dry = instructions specifically recommend NOT holding lever down on both forward and reverse sweeps and on the times that I have a stubborn stain I do this but I also go back over it with just the sucker and it turns out just fine . I also use my own vinegar water combo in the machine with no problem either.All in all , you get what you pay for . I did not pay $ 200 - $ 400 for a floor cleaner I paid $ 75 , I expect and accept the limitations that affords me . It is so much unbelievably better than vacuuming my whole house with the wand of my upright and then using mop and bucket I am willing to deal with it . My back thanks me everyday !
 First off , if I 'd read the other negative reviews here BEFORE I saw this machine in Target , I probably would 've passed it up . Which would 've been unfortunate because this little guy has saved me so much time and energy . We have a checkerboard black & white tile floor in our kitchen , two dogs -LRB- one white & one brown -RRB- and a 2 year old . Needless to say , our kitchen floor is a mixture of crumbs , dog hair , tracked in dirt , etc. . Now , every night , after dinner , I pull out the Flip It and the floor is prestine in about 5 minutes.I 've never had the problem of the machine blowing around the dirt instead of picking it up like other reviewers mentioned . Instead , it gets all the hairballs in the corners along with crumbs . Then I turn it over and treat it no differently than a mop , running it back and forth while I move backwards across the floor squeeging up the water as a go . By the time I reach the end of the floor , where I started is dry . In about 5 minutes the whole floor is dry and clean and I 'm finished.Yes , the stuff picked up by the vaccum side is comingled with the dirty water but really , it 's not much different that what I used to find in my mop bucket . And it 's kind of nice to think it 's not like mopping where I 'd be slopping that nastiness back onto my floor.I love this little machine and it 's been worth every one of those hundred dollars I spent on it .
 I love this machine ! It was so easy to put together and I had to try it out right away . Put in some cleaner and water and you 're ready to go . First I used the dry vacuum side to pick up crumbs , etc. . After that I turned it around and used the wet side to wash -LRB- and semi-dry -RRB- the floor.The dirtiest spot was near the dog 's dish -LRB- he 's a real messy eater -RRB- . The flip it cleaned it with ease . I was in control of the amount of water applied to the floor through the trigger on the handle . I used the brushes to clean my tile & linoleum floors , and then put in the soft pad to wash my laminate . The pad/brush is very easy to change and you can throw the pad right in the washer . The dirt tank is easy to empty . I would suggest emptying it out after dry vacuuming before you wet clean , otherwise the tank can get a little gummed up when mixing the dry dirt & dirty water . The cleaners that comes with it smell really good , but it is a small bottle , so you may want to get some bigger bottles right away .
 If someone had asked me a week ago what I thought of this product , I 'd have been less than complimentary ... it never cleaned properly and the store -LRB- Home Depot -RRB- was less than helpful about taking a return or exchange . I finally took the initiative to OPEN THE BOOK and read the warranty and send a query to the e-mail address provided . WOW !! Instant response from Bissell , replacement part sent within a few days -LRB- gratis , I might add -RRB- , and now the unit works just like on TV ! It 's magnificent ! You just do n't expect good customer service anymore , and my experience with Bissell blew me away . This company has me for life .
 It 's worth owning , a breeze to use , does an excellent job of cleaning my ceramic tile floors . The negative feedback on the vacuum has been corrected by Bissell . I called their customer service line before purchasing and was advised of the correction . Do not hesitate to try this 2 in 1 product . It really does work . Mesa , Az
 I received the Flip It as a gift and have been using it for approximately 2 months-it is absolute heaven !! All the flooring in my house is hard wood-I fill the `` clean '' tank once and put on a clean pad -LRB- just ONE , I have NEVER needed to change the pad in the midst of cleaning -RRB- and it cleans -LRB- and dries ! -RRB- the WHOLE house without even filling up the `` dirty '' tank . Also , the company provided hard wood floor cleaner leaves a nice shine and soft feel to my floors afterwards.I will concur with a previous review about the `` dirty puddle '' issue , but this only happens to me if I leave the unit stationary for more than five minutes . It is ALSO quite easily corrected by just sliding the unit over the `` puddle '' once you notice it . The Flip It vaccums it right up and dries the spot.I do use this product about once a week , so it 's quite possible that my floors never get filthy enough for the Flip It to just be spreading dirt around , I do n't know . I DO know , that I have and would HIGHLY recommend the Flip It to any and everyone-it 's a wonderful product and you ca n't beat the price ! It has replaced my swiffer AND my windtunnel vacuum as the only thing I use to clean my floors .
 I 'm not crazy about the dry vacumm part of this -LRB- we have 2 pets and the filter area is small -RRB- , but I have always used my carpet vacumm on my vinyl floor and I 'll probably keep doing that , I get it out anyway for the carpet so that 's not a big deal to me . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; But once the dry matter is gone , this wins hands down over a mop and bucket !!! The cleaner has a fresh scent , it scrubs , squeeges , and sucks up that dirty water . If you hate mopping with a mop and bucket you 'll love this . It takes a bit to get the technique just right and when I did I loved seeing that dirty water coming in . It does n't do corners or close edges very well , but neither did my mop . I had a problem with the float getting sucked up prematurely so I called Bissell and found that part has been redesigned and they are sending me a replacement . So if you 're having a problem , call Bissell . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I was torn between 3 and 4 stars but gave it 4 because I LOATH , HATE , DESPISE , mopping but I enjoyed using this inspite of it 's limitations .
 This machine is perfect for my bare floors ! It was easy to use and did a great job not only vacuuming up the dirt , but also cleaning everything else away ! It was so nice not to have to get the vacuum out and then get the mop and bucket . It was all in one ! The water was dark when I was done and my floors look great ! It was lightweight and very easy to use versus getting down and scrubbing with a mop and bucket ! I recommend this machine to anyone who wants to make their cleaning easier !
 I love this product ! It 's easy to use ... easy to clean ... and easy to maintain as long as you follow the directions ! I have a cat and hard wood floors which was a frightening combination until I got this little thing ! It picks up cat hair , dirt , and just about everything else that ends up on the floor . My floors are always very clean and shiny and people comment on them all the time.I do recommend emptying the tank after using the `` dry-vaccum '' before using the `` wet-vaccum '' feature ... seems to be easier to clean when the cat hair is n't wet .
 I bought the Bissell Flip-It 4 weeks ago and initially I was really impressed ... what a great invention ! The vacuum is powerful , and the wet clean functionality works great on wood and vinyl . - That is the goodThe bad - after first using the unit I let it sit for 5 days and now every time I use the device it emits a strong foul odor . It is probably my fault for not emptying the ` wet ' repository after using it the first time , but I thought I was buying a device I would not have to take apart after every time I cleaned.Anyway - male cleaning appliance advice ... . take it with a grain of salt : -RRB- Bill
 This is a great product if you have a lot of bare floors to clean . It cleans well and drys at the same time . You can clean up spills , pet accidents , and `` kid '' accidents . I do recommend vacuuming first , especially if you have pet hair around.This product is economical once you get past the purchase price . I was using the Swifter Wet Jet and needed two bottles of cleaning solution just for ONE floor cleaning . The cost of those two bottles is the same as one large cleaning solution bottle that you dilute to use . Huge savings there , plus you do n't need to buy any more cleaning pads every time you wash the floor.Be sure to empty the dirty water tank after every cleaning and rinse the filter and there will be no nasty surprises .
 I have to admit , I bought the Flip It with a little hesitation . I had read all the reviews and compared it with the similar Hoover model . -LRB- neither of which came with stellar reccommendations -RRB- I wanted an easier way to clean my ceramic tile floors . I was sick and tired of dragging out the mop bucket each time they needed a good cleaning -- which sometimes seems to be every day!What I like about the Flip It : - I feel it is easy to use and very user friendly.-I like that it removes all the dirty water and it 's not left to dry back onto the floor.-It 's easy to clean out the Flip It after each use.-Although I like to use hot water to mop , I can leave water and cleaning solution in it to use for those occasional spills.-There is not a ton of water left on the floor that you need to wait to dry . -LRB- it does leave a little film , but a definate improvement ! -RRB- - It is n't a powerful vacuum -LRB- you need to sweep the major stuff with a broom -RRB- , but it does get up all those little dust bunnies that seem to elude the broom and dustpan.-The wet suction is very good and probably exceeds that of the dry vacuum.What I did n't like about the Flip It : - I wish it had a bigger collection tank . For my large kitchen and eating area I have to empty it 3 times.-For really stuck on things , you still need to scrub by hand.-I still have to clean around and behind the toilets by hand.Overall , I am very satisfied with my Flip It and my floors have never looked cleaner !
 I own the Bissell Steam Mop which I adore . Today the filter finally wore out and while I was searching for one locally I noticed the `` Flip-it '' . Wanting my floors clean , having no patience and the horror of possibly reverting back to a mop and bucket won out so I dropped the cash and brought it home.Following the simple assembly - the handle needs to be screwed in - I filled the tank and wandered in to the first filthy room . As noted by other reviewers there was dust flying away from the vacuum , but I decided to press on . Since this is a wet/dry type of machine and all the dirt winds up in the same container it was only a matter of time . I flipped the machine around and got to `` mopping '' . The machine did a fine job scrubbing and squeegeeing and when I was through , my floor was clean and dry.While I agree with other reviewers that the dry vacuum side is lacking , the wet is not and the suction becomes intense to the point where it is difficult to move the Flip-It . However , there is a handle on the wet side which assists in providing additional leverage thus making the machine easier to manipulate.Overall I am quite pleased with my purchase . I cleaned all my hard floors with ease and with one machine . The added bonus for me was that whatever the vacuum missed wound up being sucked in on the wet side and I did n't have to scrub in corners and get it up by hand . The machine is easy to clean after use and all the necessary parts detach and reattach without fuss . When you 're finished , remember to empty all the water receptacles to prevent leaks and wear on the machine .
 I recently purchased the flip it in spite of the some negative feedback I read in some of the reviews . I have a bissell carpet cleaner and it is awesome , so I decided to give the flip it a try . I have been wanting one of these bare floor cleaning machines for awhile , and I finally convinced my husband that we should get one . I am happy to report that I have not experienced any problems . Mine works great and is a breeze to use . It sucks up all the dirt and dust bunnies first , and then does a good job washing and drying the floor .
 I love this product . We have a dog and two kids and live in Florida which means tons of sand and plant debris on our hard floors . I love to walk barefoot but have been driven crazy by all the ` stuff ' on the floor . This vac has great suction on my floors , and cleans like a dream . My other vacs always dispersed dirt everywhere and that is NOT a problem with this product . Yes you have to clean the filters , especially the wet ones , but give me a break , if you did n't it would be because you had a housecleaner who did it for you ! I also like its petite size , ca n't stand vacs that weigh more than I do . My five year old loves to use it , which is just another bonus in my book .
 I read all the reviews on this website before buying the Flip-It , and took it all into account , but I 've had really good luck with Bissell in the past -LRB- we have the Pro-heat Carpet Cleaner and the Little Green Machine Turbo -RRB- , so I decided to ignore the negative and give it a try . I 'm SO GLAD I did !! I used the Flip-it right away on my kitchen floor , and was very impressed ! I really did n't have a problem with dirt blowing around like other reviewers said -- the only time that happened was when I was cleaning the utility room , where our dog 's crate is . The hair piles up behind the crate and would blow around , but that happens with our regular vacuum , too , and you just have to trap it in a corner or something . Overall , I really think this product is wonderful , expecially for the price ! I read a review where the reviewer thought it was hard to push -- it kind of is when in the wet mode but is fine once you get the pad or brush wet . Other reviewers commented on how the dry dirt and dirty water all go into the same container , and is a mess . I agree , only because I have a dog that sheds a lot and the wet dog hair is pretty disgusting ; the solution is just to empty the dry dirt before switching to the wet mode , which only takes a second . I thought the biggest inconvenience was that once the pad or brush is wet , it 's hard to flip back to the dry mode because the pad/brush gets the floor wet . I still give the Flip-it 5 stars , though , because it totally gets the job done , is a good price and way more convenient than using my vacuum attachments and mop or wet-jet !! It 's something you can pull out and use often with ease , which makes a big difference when you have toddlers that drop EVERYTHING on the floors !!
 I have three children and this machine is a lifesaver ! They tend to track in alot of dirt when they come home and the Flip-It works wonders at vacuuming up their mess and then mopping the mud thats left behind . Its so quick and easy to use and so easy to store ! I can grab it , use it and then ut it away ! Its great ! I have talked about it so much that my mom wants to get her own now !
 When I first used this machine I was amazed by how easy it was ! It was very easy to assemble and even came with two types of formula to use on my floor . I love how easy it is to clean my tile floors now ! Instead of using my mop and bucket , I have one machine that produces excellent results . My floors were clean and dry in a matter of minutes ! I have recommended this to all of my friends and the results show when my family comes over and see 's my spakrling floors ! Great job on another great product !
 No mop , no bucket ! It 's all in one , and it sucks the dirty water back up unlike that swiffer wetjet thing that just pushes the dirt around . I love it !
 The 5200 Bissell Flip-it Floor Cleaner is just what it says , `` A bare floor cleaner '' , it cleans the floor well . The dry vacuum side does not suck very well , but the wet cleaner side does clean and suck up whatever the dry vac side left behind . When you empty the dirty water bucket , you find all sorts of things that would be left behind with a regular mop or even the new swiffer wet jet cleaner or clorox cleaners that pushes the dirt back and forth . The flip-it is my favorite floor cleaner , when I finish cleaning with the flip-it and empty that dirty water bucket out , I know my floor is CLEAN !! So , if your looking for a vacuum , The Flip-it is not what you need . If your looking to vacuum and clean your floors all in the same day , I highly suggest , the Bissell 5200 Flip-It Bare Floor Cleaner !!
 I almost did n't buy this due to neg . reviews . However , I needed something for my laminate floors.This machine is wonderful ! Gets it clean , leaves NO streaks and easy to use . I have had NO problems with it , either in the vac . mode or wash mode . It is strong enough as a vacuum , gets all the dog hair and debris , and wonderful in the cleaner mode . I have lots of muddy footprints , living on a farm , and it it cleans like magic !
 This little guy makes quick work of something that used to take all day . Yes the tanks are small and refills are often , but they are quick to clean and replace cleaner solution . Being able to flip it is truly handy for small spaces or quick spill cleanups . Top notch . I have not experienced any of the problems that others have .
 This product is a dream in the kitchen . It works perfectly if you follow the directions . Take it slow , push it forward while releasing the cleaner , drag it back to scrib and wet-vac . I can clean my kitchen in half the time it takes with a mop . It wo n't pick up complicated messes but it is great for every other night cleaning .
 Flip it works great , cleans the floors , does everything it is supposed to do.I almost did n't buy it because of the bad ratings . Most people do not read the instructions . If you empty the dirty water chamber when you are finished cleaning - < < < like you are supposed to do , duh ! >> > - there is nothing to leak ! If it takes you hours to mop a floor , and you let flip it sit by while you answer the phone , cook , and walk the dog , you will get leaks!Fill it up , use it , empty it when done - PERFECT TOOL !!! No hassles at ALL . Even the vacuum works well , and I have a Dyson , so I know a good tool when I see one.I use castile soap . When finished cleaning - I empty the dirty water container and put it back into the flip it . I have not had the soap dispenser leak on me , not ever , and I have left it filled . The dirty water chamber does leak if I do n't empty it when finished.I have had no problems at all . It been over a year and I still love this machine .
 I recently bought a second hand Bissell flip-it . Once I experienced the new found freedom from hours of mopping floors I was sold . I have a dog and several cats . I like a clean house . For years I have cleaned my hardwood floors and tile floors every other day and sometimes every day . Most of my cats are Persian so you can imagine the hair problems . My five pound Chihuaha is no big deal.The Bissell Flip-it is very sturdy , light weight and well made . I am confident that it is worth the money . I believe it will last a long time.The only draw back is that it is not the easiest to push because the brushes do n't move but on the other hand it will give you a good workout . Do n't we all need some exercise?The suction is strong enough to get the job done that it is made for but it 's not tops for deep cleaning carpets or rugs . I do n't think it was designed for that purpose anyhow so do n't let this discourage you.I like the feature that I can flip the machine over and dry vac my scatter rugs inbetween washing the floors . This saves me a lot of time.If you are looking for an easier life so that you have more time to do more important things rather then clean , clean , clean then do yourself a favor and buy a Flip-it ! . Now I have more time pray , pray , pray and read , read , read my bible . Hope you will too ! I 'll add in a little evangelism here ... Jesus is the way the truth and the life . NO ONE comes to the Father but by Him.The next step up is to buy a Hoover floormate . It more expensive but easier to push because it has rotating brushes . I am not unhappy with the Bissell flip-it but my first preference is the Hoover floormate H3000 It 's worth paying the extra money if you can afford it . Actually I own both and alternate using them.My friend bought a Hoover H5000 recently . I have examine and tried using both . In my opinion the H3000 is lighter weight and better made then the H5000 .
 let me start by saying ... i have two kids a dog and two cats ... my entire downstairs is vinyl tile and ceramic tile ... i am a huge barefoot person and i ca n't stand grainy stuff of my floor ... this product is perfect for me ... its great for the everyday/every couple of day clean up i need to do ... -LRB- or when hubby tracks in dirt/mud from outside -RRB- i still mop every couple of months with a regular mop and bucket and do a thorough cleaning ... make sure to read and follow the directions !
 Not for heavy use but to maintain reasonably clean floors it works well and is very convenient .
 Nice and easy to handle . Because the water source is rather small and I have a large area to clean , I splash my floor with water from a bucket , swish it around with a broom , then use this to pick the water up . You have to dump it frequently , but the floor gets nice and dry .
 OH MY GOODNESS !!! I bought my bissel flip it barely used for 50 dollars . I LOVE IT !!! it does a good job picking up dry stuff , although the suction area is a bit small , so you may have to clean it out once during your vaccuming . Then , I flipped it to clean . The first time , I had n't mopped in awhile , the floor was quite dirty . I have a dog , 2 cats , 2 children , and watch one , so my floor can be quite cluttered !! When I flipped it to clean , it took a tank and a half to clean , and it was so wonderful to have it done and dry by the time I was done !!! it 's a cinch to clean up , and put away . I LOVE IT !!! the only time it leaked on me was when the tank was full . You can dry going both forward and back . Just do n't leave the nozzle on . Like any mop , you will have to make a few passes on a tough area . Big deal ! My floor comes out clean when I am done , and I do n't have to go back and dry it !!! Definitely would recommend this to anyone !!!
 The Bissell FlipIt is great for hard floors . I like it as it is light in weight , easy to use and makes quick work for getting the floors looking great .
 I was using a swifter but did n't like having to buy the solution . I also needed to vacuum up dog hair before washing the floor . This machine gets the dog hair out of the way and does a good enough job cleaning the floor . I use vinegar instead of a cleaning product . I have laminate , tile and hardwood to deal with . I use the brush on the ceramic tile and am pleased with how it cleans the grout . All in all this product does what it 's supposed to and makes cleaning the floors much easier . I bought extra pads so I can throw one in the wash and still have a clean one available .
 Like many , I was stuck with this big old cleaner that left pools of water on my floor , however I made a couple of accomodations and my floor is shining clean . The thing does n't suck up much water for sure . That little teeny tiny cloth on the bottom is too small , so I used the larger cloths that are made for the shark steamer . I believe you can purchase them separately . They velcro right on and they make the machine much more effective . You will need a couple of them for a large area . The thing pushes much easier with this addition . I also keep a Swiffer nearby with a thick Clorox floor cleaing pad on it to dry up any remaining water that the machine wo n't suck up . It sounds like more work , but really very simple . The pads on the bottom were black with filth , and my laminate floors look brand new . The small bit of water that the machine did suck up was less than hald the liquid I started with and so it was filthy . I have to say that eventhough I had to make these changes , I have not found a better method of getting my floors clean . They are gleaming .
 The machine is light weight , easy to use and does a very good job for the price . The vacuum is useless , but the wet-mop feature was why I purchased it . No more dirty water being spread around . I ca n't believe how clean my floors are in spite of a dog , a cat , and all the dirt that comes along with living in the country.I heat my water in the microwave and only use distilled water -LRB- We have well water that has a lot of calcium in it . -RRB- . Unlike the Hoover Floormate , you do have to put a little more `` elbow grease '' into the process , but this machine is half the price and a lot easier to lift . Nothing is better than getting down on your hands and knees and scrubbing , but at 53 with arthritis , I just ca n't do that kind of cleaning much anymore . Those who complain about this product are probably wanting a $ 500 job for only $ 79 -- dream on!I 've had this machine for about 2 years . Unfortunately , the other night it began leaking the cleaning solution as soon as I put the tank on . My husband is an engineer and is going to look at it for me . He thinks it may be the tubing and not the tank , but it could be time to buy a new one.I may actually dish out the cash and buy the Hoover Spinscrub instead . I 've purchased 2 H2850s and 1 H3044 for my kids who have bigger houses with a lot of tile . The H2850 is no longer made and one of the two has a problem with leaking fluid . As far as I know the other two machines are working great , but the new machine does cost about $ 176 on Amazon . Big difference between $ 176 for the Hoover and $ 79 for the Bissell -- hmmmmm I 'll think about it !
 I have two toddlers and I am a complete neat freak . I am pregnant so I am in that `` nesting stage '' where I clean the entire house top to bottom everyday . Most of my house is wood and ceramic and this is perfect for me to use everyday , sometimes several times a day . I ca n't stand any foot prints on the floor , I am so anal about clean floors , so much so it is like a sickness . I got a cleaning product that can be used on wood and ceramic so I did not have to change formulas when I changed floors . I only gave it 4 stars because the dry vacuum is n't terrific . I use my regular vacuum first then the floor cleaner . It also dries really quick . I recommend this for everyday cleaning , especially if you have kids or pets and especially if you constantly have to mop up messes , or if you have pop up guests -LRB- it takes twenty minutes to do my floors and I have a large home -RRB- I still do an old fashioned hands and knees cleaning once or twice a week , but I do n't know what I 'd do without this .
 I just bought this product and have used it in four rooms already w/tile flooring . I 'm satisfied . I do wish some of the inground dirt by my front door would have came out better , but it did a lot better than anything else I 've tried so far . I did not buy this item , my husband won it at work as a part of his reward program for great sale efforts . He was at the top of the line to pick through several items and this is the one everyone wanted he said . Mine picked up small crumbs and hair no problem ! I 'm a mommy of three ... seven being the eldest and this thing is a prayer answered for me . I have some back problems and pushing a mop after sweeping the floor usually irritates it . This was light weight enough to push around w/no problems and did n't tire me out like scrubbing w/a mop does . It 's convienient and I saw the water after finishing and said , `` Ew ! '' I just used my swifer mop not even a week ago ! I did feel a few sprinkles on my ankles when using the wet side but that is to be expected . Other than that I recommend it highly . : -RRB-
 I was skeptical after reading all of the BAD reviews for this product , so I was really pleasantly surprised when I used my `` Flip it '' for the first time . I 'll admit , I was n't expecting much . I would n't even have bought it had it not been a special on one of the home shopping networks , but it worked so great for them that I just had to try it out.I have 2 small children , and keeping my floors clean is next to impossible . We have ceramic tile in the entrance foyer and WHITE ceramic tile in our kitchen . I have to vacuum it at least once every day . I mop once a week , even though it needs it more often . It 's just a hassel to keep lugging the mop and bucket up and down the stairs , especially over our new carpet . Besides that , it takes the floors forever to dry . Try keeping your kids -LRB- and Husband -RRB- out of the kitchen while it dries - forget it ! In addition to that , we have 3 bathrooms that all have tile floors . With the exception of 1 small area between the tub and toilet in one bathroom , I have no trouble manouvering the Flip it around . Try THAT with the Hoover Floor Mate!The day my `` Flip it '' arrived I opened the box immediately . Assembly was super easy , all I needed was a phillips head screw driver to tighten the handle and I was good to go . I did the dry vacumming first . I did n't experience the crumbs or dirt being `` blown around '' as others have complained about , it got sucked right into the machine - from bread crumbs to lucky charms , it picked it up . I then `` flipped '' the unit over and started to clean the floor . Using the hard brush attachment I was able to get any dried on spills with just a little bit of pressure . It took me a few passes to get the hang of how the `` squeegee '' part works to get the floor dry , but once I did it was a piece of cake . Is it perfect ? No , but it does the job it was meant to do . Anyone who buys this thinking they are never going to have to scrub the floor again will be sadly disappointed . But then again , thats not what it was designed for . It was made for people like me , who need the convenience of being able to vacuum and spot clean quickly and easily.Imagine the next time your phone rings , its a friend/relative/neighbor saying `` Hey , we 're in the area and thought we 'd stop by for a quick visit '' . Are your floors clean ? Probably not . Are you going to get your mop & bucket ? Doubtful . Could you grab your Flip It and give them the once over before the guests arrive . You bet!The box says `` Great for Everyday Cleaning '' , and I believe that is the intended use . If you only plan to wash your floors once a week , then stick with the ol' mop & bucket . If you need something lightweight and easy to use for on the spot clean-ups and day-to-day living then this is a dream come true . I 'll still need to give my grout a good scrubbing now and then , but I can live with that.Please note
 I have mostly hard floors throughout my house and to clean them was a 3 step process . I had to sweep , use the hose on the vacuum and then mop . I originally was looking for a stick vacuum to replace sweeping . I saw this and thought I would give it a try . I did n't have any problem with dirt blowing around . I works great for it 's intended use . I wanted something to pick up light debris and pet hair and it does just that . I have not had any problems with any leakage either . I cleaned my hallway , bathroom , living room , family room , kitchen and dining area and still had 1/2 a tank left . What used to take me an hour now takes 20 minutes . I love it .
 I recently purchased the Flip It , without reading the other reviews . I was very excited to try this out as I do not clean my floors as often as I need to . I find it a pain in the -LSB- ... -RSB- to pull out the vacuum -LRB- which is meant for carpet and does not do a very good job -RRB- , then the swiffer to get everything that the vacuum missed , and then the floor steamer.As a vacuum I think that it did a good job . I did not have the problem of everything blowing around and not getting sucked in . After vacuuming , I used the swiffer . I was happy to notice that there was not much on it . I also felt that the mopping would have picked up the dirt that the vacuuming did not.I flipped it over to mop and this is when I had problems . Although it did a good job of cleaning my floors , my back ended up hurting . I think that it may have been a combination of the force you need to use to push the flip it -LRB- and since the brushes do not spin there is a lot of back and forth motion -RRB- and the height of the handle.When I dumped the dirty water chamber , the water was dark . When I walked over my floors , they did feel clean . Overall , I think that the Flip It did a good job , but I will be returning it due to the pain in my back . For now the pain in my -LSB- ... -RSB- will have to continue as the lesser of two evils .
 I have used my flip twice . Like every one said the vacuum side is not good at all . It does not pick up pieces of debris , it just pushed it around . I like the scrub side of it . I have hardwood floors and ceramic only and I had a Hoover Floor Mate and I do all my floors once a week . The Flip It is lighter than the Floor Mate and it scrubs well , it got out stains that I would have to scrub if I was regular mopping . You do have to squeeze the fluid release handle on the forward stroke and release on the back stroke and the floor is n't 100 % dry , but it 's not soaking wet either and dries in a few minutes . The Flip It is also better than the Floor Mate because you do n't have to keep pushing buttons to switch modes , you just turn it around . So overall , good for scrubbing floors , acceptable for drying -LRB- if you can wait a few minutes for a totally dry floor -RRB- and very poor for vacuuming . Update-been using it for a few weeks now . I do n't use the vacuum side at all . I Swiffer first . I have a floor mate too , but I like this better for daily use scrubbing the floors because it 's lighter and you do n't have to switch modes all the time like the Floor Mate-to release the handle and to go to squeege mode . The Floor Mate I like for occasional use because of the spinning scrubbers , but it 's a lot bulkier and heavier than the Flip It . Also , even though I 've just swiffered , when I empty the tank even though I 've only been scrubbing , I still notice a some debris in the tank . So obviously it 's picking something up . When I use it daily , the water is brown . When I skip 2-3 days , the water is black .
 I have had a Bissell steam cleaner for years and it works great , so when I saw the Flip it I had to give it a try . It 's much easier to put together than the steam cleaner I bought a few years ago . There was only 1 screw for the handle and that was it . It comes with 2 trial formulas , one for wood and one for other hard surfaces . I only used the one for hard surfaces and it smelled really good and seemes to do the job well . The dirty water in the tank was black when I went to empty it . Hard to imagine that I was walking around on that grime . The dry vacuum function worked well too getting up crumbs , dirt , etc. . You can choose between a scrub brush or a soft cloth for cleaning your floor depending on the type of surface . I no longer need to use a mop and broom as the Flip it takes the place of both . It is also quite a bit cheapr than other models I have looked at in the past .
 I had read the reviews on this and the Hoover Floormate . I had gone out and purchased the -LRB- $ 250 w/tax -RRB- H3060 model -LRB- see my review of this item -RRB- and returned it following day . I was hesitant to purchase the Flip-It but desperate . I absolutely HATE my kitchen floor -LRB- white tile with almond color grout -RRB- and have carpet only in two rooms of my house . Hardwood or laminate cover my other floors -LRB- vinyl in bath and laundry -RRB- . I constantly have muddy wet footprints throughout my house due to gravel drive and guys who can not seem to learn to wipe their feet and they certainly are n't about to remove their shoes . Then there 's the doggy footprints.I have used this machine for a couple of weeks now . I have not experienced problems with this blowing around dirt and dust bunnies and I do have a lot of them with a both dog and a cat that ought to be bald for as much as she sheds . However , I did not buy it particularly for the vacuum capabilities . But , again , I did not notice this problem.I desperately wanted something that would clean my floors without the ugly streaking that necessitated drying with towels as I washed . And too , as soon as you get done mopping , someone has to start walking through or in and out from outside . Wosrt , with mykitchen floor , as soon as you try to mop it , all the dirty water the mop is pushing around stains the grout which I have tried to seal numerous times to no avail - still looks worse after each time I mop . With this little baby , the water does n't get a chance to soak into the grout and therefore I will only have to do my cleaning with the toothbrush and grout cleaner infrequently.I am ecstatic over the way it cleans the laminate and hardwood using the soft pad . Solution to avoiding the wet pad restreaking where I 'm trying to dry the floor - I do a large section of floor , simply reach down and slide out the pad which removes very easily , and run it over the area . In one pass the floor is completely bone dry and streak free . Much , much , much faster and easier than the old way with mopping or on hands and knees and then on hands and knees to dry with towels.I think this little machine is a great improvement over earlier models put out by various makers . I have bought a few in the past that went out to the dump quickly . Overall , I am quite happy with this purchase for the price .
 Here are some hints for people that had problems : Make sure you read the directions -LRB- not meant to be sarcastic , but there is a method to this madness ! :-RRB- -RRB- When in wet mode , you use the trigger when you push it , and release it when you pull it back toward you.I used the brush for my tile floors so it would get into the crevices -LRB- instead of the mop pad , which is meant for hard wood floors so it does n't scratch it -RRB- Go slowly in wet mode ... . it distributes the water more evenly when you go slow and sucks it up better , too.We all know this thing is n't heavy duty . Vacuum with a regular vacuum first if your floor has alot of loose dirt ... . . then dry vac again with the flip it and it will pick up little crumbs you did n't even see.I noticed in wet mode , it picks up more water on a flatter tile surface -LRB- like a porcelain tile -RRB- than it does on a tile with crevices.Rinse the dirt tank well after every use . If you think mixing dry vacced stuff with dirty water is gross , then empty after dry vaccing and before wet vaccing -LRB- before you `` flip '' -RRB- . The wet vac will get your tile/porcelain floors clean ... . you can tell by the dirty water tank . I ca n't speak for the wood floors as I have none.Also , this is NOT for carpets -LRB- the dry vac -RRB- . It 's a hard floor cleaner.Also do not confuse this product with the `` Flip Ease '' ... they are two completely different products.It 's SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better than mopping .
 A friend of mine got me to try the flip it . I hate to mop and found the flip it to be a good alternative . It is easy to assemble and use . It is great for light cleaning . I like the two in one machine theory . Although the vacuum part is n't the best.The cleaner that comes with the bissel seems to go along way . I can clean my entryway , kitchen & dining room before refilling with cleaner.I have even used the flip it in my salon . The Bissel flip it was great to pick up the hair that is left behind after sweeping . It is hard to get all of the hair off the floor with regular mopping.Some of the draw backs - it does n't vacuum very well . I find I have to sweep out the corners and edges of the room . The bissel has one chamber for the dirty wet and dry debris . This is pretty yucky to clean out . I use an old strainer to cetch all of the debris . The bissel is not for deep cleaning . It does n't clean the edges and corners like I would like.As much as I hate to mop , the bissel has been a nice replacement . There are some draw backs , but I 'm willing to deal with those . It is quicker for me than the bucket and mop .
 I bought this machine to help me clean for the holidays and I love it . Having a vacuum and mop all in one is a huge timesaver and very convenient ! I did n't notice any blowing like other reviews stated and it cleaned my floors wonderfully ! I is so nice to be able to pull it out and use it quickly ! The price is great and `` flipping '' between vacuuming and mop pads is so easy and quick ! Much better than a mop and bucket and vacuum cleaner !
 I hate mopping and have tried wet swifters , vacuums and about 3 living room sized carpets in the kitchen -LRB- from target of course -RRB- , which is huge . Out of frustration we decided to spend the the money and purchase the flip it . I ca n't rave enough about it . Granted , you do have to get down the method , which takes practice . The only time it has not picked up the water was when the dirty water bucket needed to be emptied . I attack corners head on and sideways and it does pretty well . Yes , when my boyfriend drips chocolate on the floor there is some additional work needed , but all in all for dust and dirt I love the flip it . i actually like doing the floors now . I have even insisted my mom borrow it convinced she will also want one . It 's nice to purchase something that does what it promises !
 I love the Bissel Flip-It ! My floors are so much cleaner since I am not reusing water ; clean water is used with every swipe which makes a huge difference ! The more I use it , the cleaner my floors get as it gets down to the grime layer by layer . I used to have to scrub and scrub to get my floors clean , but now the floor is just as clean in less than half the amount of time . I feel confident in letting my little ones crawl on the floor , finally !
 I have white tile floors which I have to clean EVERY day in order for them to look like I clean them at ALL . Enter
 I keep my four grandchildren full time ages 2-8 yo . They spill and drop crumbs and drag dirt in from outside all day and my floors are a sticky dirty mess . I have been using my Bissell Flip It for about 5 weeks now . I think it does a wonderful job on my kitching and dinning room floors . I have a rough textured tile in my kitchen and hard floors in the dinning room . It picks up the dirt and crumbs much better than any other small bare floor vacuum I have ever owned and it mops very well too.I did figure out that you MUST take the filter out and clean it out thoroughly each time you mop and let it dry completely . If not , the next time you use it will not pick up any dirt on a dry vacuum . After I mop , I simply take out the cup and filter and wash them and air dry before putting them back in.Very good product for the $ $ $
 In love with all my bissell products . Really love my flip it . I have Lou Gehrigs disease so this makes sweeping and mopping so much easier on me . My daughter hates to sweep and mop so she is in love with it to .
 A real time saver ! This machine works great its easy to use and small enough to store just about anywhere and does two things very well , both the dry vacuum and wet vacuum/mop feature makes life a whole lot easier.Once you have vacuumed the entire floor all you have to do is flip the handle over in the opposite direction and you are ready to mop , the wet vacuum feature is great it not only insures that any excess cleaning solution is picked up and it causes the floor to be all but dry in less than 5 minutes.I noticed that some of the other reviewers had made comments about the lack of suction for the dry vacuum or that the tank that holds the cleaning solution leaks , first of all unlike carpet vacuums hard surface vacuums have no brushes so any thing that is really stuck to the floor has to be loosened by hand first and as far as the complaints regarding the leaking tank if you read the instruction manual it tells you not to store liquid in the machine while not in use and to empty both tanks before storing , the few drops of water that people see when they first lean the handle over during operation is just residual cleaning solution left in the machine it is no big deal . If you want to save time and energy this is the machine for you if you have a lot of floor to clean this is the machine for you the vacuum is more than adequate and the wet vac feature is great for all types of hard surfaces it does not over saturate the floor with cleaning solution which means no messy mop and bucket.This is a great machine !
 I had been looking to buy one of these , but all the negative reviews made me a little scared to sink money into it . I finally found a good deal on one locally that was used previously , and this is how I feel about it .1 . It works just about exactly as I expected . I expected it to work better than my swiffer wet jet and vac ... which it does . In fact , on the first run the wet pad came up with tons of dirt on it . I was impressed ! Having a power cord gives it an advantage because it can use greater power to clean your floors than a battery operated . Being able to suck the wet dirt into a tank is a plus as it 's not smearing it around on my floor like my Swiffer did . I keep my floors pretty clean ... my biggest mess is cat litter , and it picked that up much better than my Swiffer vac too . I can imagine if you are a person who only cleans your floors once in a blue moon and you expect it to do a perfect job on the first run that it would disappoint you . But it works great for what I need ... a small linoleum area . I have heard complaints that this does n't pick everything up ... so take a second to go back over the area again ... no hard floor cleaner is going to do a perfect job every time .2 . SUGGESTIONS : A . One huge complaint is that you get a grimy nasty mess when you use the dry vac and then the wet vac . My suggestion ... empty the dry stuff out before you switch to your wet vac . This will save you a nasty mess . Vac the area first , empty and then use the wet side , and you will save yourself a ton of trouble with only a couple extra seconds of emptying.B . Take the filter out when using the wet side . Since the debris that you are picking up will be wet anyway , it does n't seem to help to have the filter in to catch stuff . This will save you a wet moldy smelling filter that you have to dry out every time you use the wet side.C . Let the compartments dry completely before putting them back into the vac . This will also save you a lot of moldy smell and grime.Hopefully this will help some of you out that have doubts . I like this vacuum for what I need it for , and it saves me space for not having to have a mop too . You just have to take a little extra time and care to have it work the way that you want it to .
 This is the third Flip-it we have owned and they continue to do a terrific job for us . We have a lot of pets and have tile floors throughout our home so a piece of equipment that makes up-keep faster , easier and more thorough is very welcome . The Flip-it fills all of our needs for keeping our home in top shape . I have simply worn our two already and only just purchased our third one . We have tried bigger and more expensive units for hard surface floors , but always return to the Bissell .
 I 'm really happy with this unit when using it as a wet floor cleaner . It is simple to use and really cleans up my hardwood floor when using the wet side . However , the dry side is pretty much useless . It does not suck up anything .
 I really like this floor cleaner as I have six dogs living in y house , who go in and out of doors all the time . I have found that the sponge does get a little wet , so what I do after I have completed a floor -LRB- especially on my Laminate flooring -RRB- , I just remove it add go over the floor with the Flip - it sans the sponge to vacuum up any leftover water.My floors have never been this clean , with so little effort . it is light weight , easy to clean .
 We currently live in an apartment with hardwood floors . We did not intend to purchase this particular model , but the features made us take a chance . Delivery was quicker than expected and it arrived in perfect condition . Once we tried it , we were convinced that it was the best decision we 'd ever made . Dry and wet operation was both simple and efficient . Floors were dry within moments which was incredible < not an exaggeration > . Our floors have never looked so clean . As a matter of fact , they looked as though they had NEVER been cleaned so thoroughly given that the dirt that was removed resembled clay . Clean-up of machine after use was easy enough . Overall , great investment . I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 Love this Flip It . I bought the shark but the Flip It is way better !!
 I had used one of these machines about a year ago and wanted one for myself ! I love how it vacuums and then flips to mop . Do n't really have to vacuum first either . Wish it had a separate vacuum hose to detach and use in corners or under furniture . Otherwise , it 's great to mop since it sucks up most of the water and the floor dries much faster .
 Living in a house with all tile floors , 3 cats , and a lab that sheds like crazy used to be difficult . I tried and discarded 6 methods of floor cleaning before I bought the Flip-It . They all left the floor looking dull and dingy , not to mention the dog hair that no broom , dust mop , or microfiber sweeper seemed to get up . I now have shiny clean floors and no dog hair.Pros - It does it 's job a with minimum of elbow grease , is lightweight and easily stored . Gets up spilled liquids easily.Cons - Cleaning the filter well between each use is a must or dust and pet hair will clog it . The dry vacuum is weak so I typically just use the wet side which sucks up the dog hair and dust as it sucks up the water . If you are looking to clean up large trash use a shop vac or broom and dustpan first .
 This Bissell product is again one of Bissell 's best made floor cleaner . The convenience of going from dry to wet cleaning by a simple flip of the handle . The power of the brushes amazed me when I cleaned a floor that had not been cleaned in months . The floor turned out sparkling white , no joke.thank you
 this is great for in between cleaning ! I 'm a hands and knees scrubber , but doing that every week is rather rough . this makes it so I only have to clean that way every other week ! it 's not as good as hand cleaning , but it does a decent job . and the sweeper function is pretty nice too to clean up crumbs and hairs . the only issue i have is that when you clean out the tank all the crumbs are mixed in with the dirty water and sometimes it takes awhile for the fluid to wet the pad . other than that it 's a nice , easy to use cleaning item .
 Great cleaning tool for hard surface floors ! It vacuums and mops . It is excellent at getting to the very edge of the floors and corners . Very pleased with the purchase !
 The light is beautiful . The only problem is that it hags upside down since the fat side of the plug is a mismatch with our outlet . Mom says it 's okay , though , because that 's how the birds often hang !
 Great price for folding tables . Purchased for holiday lunches for employees . Light weight . Latch to keep tables secured together when folded and storing . Handy strap to carry while folded . Work well and about half the price of other camparable tables we were looking at . Seated 6 people with plenty of room . Shipped fast .
 The table is sturdy when unfolded , and covered with a tablecloth makes an attractive area for extra seating for parties , meals , etc. . Without a cover , it is handy as a crafts table . When not needed , the fact that it folds in two makes it easy to store . It should be noted that it is pretty heavy , however .
 I ordered this to use as a portable work station for wood working projects . I could not be more pleased . The table is strong , durable , fairly light , sets-up and tears down quickly and easily . I know not very many people will use this for what i use it for , but this is a really great product .
 I purchased this table for my Home & Garden Party business . I carry it around to customer 's houses for home parties . It is very sturdy and I have been happy with it . It is a little heavy , but it does have a handle and sets up very easily .
 Bought from Amazon - delivered within a week . *** Warning said to make sure to check shipment from delivery for damages . Too bad for me , I was n't home when it arrived ! Huge dent on one corner where the table folds . Did I bother to send it back , and go through that entire hastle ? NO ! I 'll write the poor packing and/or delivery monkey poor handling off to the price of doing business . Having said that , what 's a dent worth ? The table was purchased for basement projects / extra table service for holiday gatherings -LRB- will be covered with table cloth now -RRB- and for outdoor backyard parties . All this said , it is sturdy and functionable and what I expected - minus the crumpled corner .
 This is a really nice table . I was looking for a table I could use to do some scrapbooking projects on , etc. . I like that not only the legs fold in but that the table folds in half as well . Makes storing it a lot easier . It is a very heavy table however ... I wish it had a handle to make lugging it from place to place easier . But over all a great table .
 I was already aware from reading the description that this tree topper was made of plastic . It 's still really great looking and matched our ultra-modern ornaments and silver tinsel tree just beautifully . Delivery was fast and the item was packaged extremely well . Very happy with this item .
 One Star Service - I ordered two of these clocks on 11/2/07 but received only one in the box on 11/10/07 with an invoice that said two were shipped . I called them immediately and left a message . The first time it took 5 days to get in touch with the vendor -LRB- Back to Nature Gifts -RRB- . I left three voice messages and sent three emails to their 24-hour customer service inbox without a response . I called many more times but did n't leave a message as no one answers the phone -- all you get is a recording . On 11/13/07 and 11/14/07 , the 800 number was down and I got a recording that said `` The number you dialed is temporarily unavailable . Thank You for calling , goodbye . '' I then called the Florida number and once again got a voice message , so I left my third message then . On the afternoon of 11/14/07 I finally got an email response from Sarah of customer service who said they were sorry for the error and would be shipping me another clock shortly . I then responded telling them their 1-800 number was down . Within two hours I got a response informing me it was back in service , which I verified as of 3:30 p.m. EST on 11/14/07 . I contacted customer service AGAIN on 11/29/07 , and Lani of customer service told me they would look into this . Well 14 days have passed and 3 additional emails and 1 phone call later there 's no response once again.This is the worst customer service experience I 've had in a long , long time . Their responsiveness is less than lousy even though they claim to have 24-hour customer service . I placed my original order on 11/2/07 and by 12/11/07 I had enough that I decided to request a refund for the second clock from my credit card company . I did n't even ask for a refund of part of the postage , since the postage was for the two clocks in my order . If the missing clock arrives , I 'll undo the credit and finalize this review ; otherwise I 'll make no further changes . It is now Dec. 12th -LRB- 29 days after they said they would send me the second clock -RRB- and I still have n't gotten the clock.I do have four comments for Back to Nature Gifts and those considering this purchase just so you can `` manage your expectations . `` 1 . The products Back to Nature Gifts sells appear to be both unique and beautiful . I 'm basing this on the clocks I ordered and the feedback I read on Amazon . Of those who gave their buyer feedback , most loved what they purchased .2 . When a problem occurs with a customer order , customers should be contacted no later than 24-hours later , preferably a lot sooner . However , this was not my experience , nor was it the experience of some customers who left unfavorable feedback . In my case the issue NEVER got resolved .3 . Of those who gave unfavorable feedback , it usually was n't the product they disliked but the service . I noticed that customers complained with either how long it takes customer service to get back to them , how slow the package was to arrive , or how customer service responded to them . They should give the customer the OPTION to have their item shipped by UPS or another carrier so the customer can receive it quicker . They also need to accept responsibility by responding politely to the customer and not putting blame on the Postal Service , the packaging , or the customer .4 . I also see they respond to EVERY piece of positive feedback on Amazon . Perhaps that time can be better spent fixing problem orders instead since not all positive feedback needs a response .5 . If you purchase from Back to Nature Gifts -LRB- the vendor Amazon is using -RRB- and something goes wrong be prepared to be extremely disappointed and frustrated trying to reach the company for a resolution . Also , when they responded to me I found the response a bit curt and canned . In my case a resolution never came other than to request a refund through my charge card because it 's practically impossible to reach the vendor.I did n't want to give the product a bad rap as a result.Five Star Product - This clock is a superb rainforest reminder . I purchased this clock as a Christmas present for my frog-loving friend and so loved the artistry that I also purchased one for myself , which I never received -LRB- read above -RRB- . This timepiece is gorgeous and it reminds me of the colorful frogs you find in the Costa Rican rainforest . The clock is small and lighter than a feather but to me it is worth every penny because of its artistic flair and beauty . It takes up very little wall space . The clock is also a canvas of various colors so it matches the d&eacute;cor in almost any room . The predominant colors are purple and green with secondary shades of red , blue , yellow and aqua . If you love frogs or just wildlife in general and want a conversation piece that is also functional , then this timepiece is for you . However , if a problem occurs with your order , beware of the customer service hassles you may have to tackle if you purchase it from Back to Nature Gifts .
 This is a great garlic press . Easy to use and clean.I have gone through many Zyliss Susi 2 presses and found that in less than 3 months the coating peals off even with the most delicate of care reveling aluminum that they are made of . Aluminum ingestion has been linked as a potential contributor to Alzheimer 's . Societies that have no aluminum in their diets do not get Alzheimer 's , thus my concern.The Leifheit Proline Garlic Press is not made of Stainless Steel as reported on this site and my main reason for purchasing , but rather composed of triple plated chrome over zinc which may be just as good . Just no aluminum ! A great kitchen tool and I eat lots of Garlic . I highly recommend ! 5 Stars Plus .
 I really like the Zak Design dishes . They add such a nice color to my kitchen table when eating meals . It appears to make it a more enjoyable dining atmosphere compared to my usual white setting and brightens up the faces of the people using them . The bowls are so much better than other ones because they are deeper so it is harder for young children to spill things when they use them . I am waiting for them to come out with the mugs or cups to complete my set . I really love the way they come out of the dishwasher without any spots and retain the just like new look . Not only that but they make a great conversation piece at the table . You can dress up or down this set of dishes by using various accessories on your table to fit any mood you would like to create . They are wonderful and I believe anyone that is looking for a great set of dishes that hold up well , have a better type of bowl for cereal or soup and add atmosphere and/or conversation to a dining experience will love these dishes . Of course , red just happens to be my favorite color too ! They also come in other colors so I am sure finding a color to your liking will be easy .
 Love these plates ! Nice and heavy , and have a vibrant color . Makes a beautiful place setting .
 I ordered the set and waited for them to arrive as promised . Eventually a week became about a month . They never arrived . I wrote to Amazon and they were very good to take care of the matter and about a week later I got the set . I enjoy the set , just wish that Zak 's black logo was n't all over the white plate set . They are very durable . I took a star away because you ca n't use them in the microwave .
 A gift , he loved it said he 's amazed at how close it sticks to the actual tide schedule , here in Virginia Beach . Looks good too . Supposed to reset it at new moons , etc. for it to be more accurate , but he has not had to do that yet , it 's still , after several months very accurate .
 We 're on our second W&P time and tide clock -LRB- the first one took a dive -RRB- and would n't be without it . Living on relatively shallow Chesapeake Bay waters , in a quick glance we can get a sense of when to fish , waterski , canoe , or kayak .
 Does not work in Texas ! , but it still looks cool in my garage . Owned it for 3 months or so and have no problems . At least I know when the fishing is good on the East Coast !
 Great clock and tide clock . Living on the water with swings of tide of over six feet or more , it 's nice to have a tide clock . And so far , it seems to be keeping accurate tides . -LRB- I got it as a Christmas gift for my husband . -RRB- Wish it had come in white instead of black -LRB- or in addition to black -RRB- .
 Myson 45103 Cordoba Olive Plate 7-in . Is great . Beautiful . Just a little silly that I could not get it delivered to Canada . Had to find a friend in the US to bring it to me , but that 's OK , it 's still a great item .
 The cabinet arrived on time and was very easy to assemble . I ordered it in the cherry finish , which came as a very rich and deep color . It holds a large number of records , more so even than the maufacturer stated in the advertisement . It doubles use in our home as an end table/record cabinet . I am very pleased with the product . I only wish that it came in a larger -LRB- taller -RRB- version , with more record storage shelves .
 The olive plate was just what I was looking for and the vendor was easy to work with , the item arrived in record time just before Christmas .
 I 've spent years trying to find a step can that actually works and this is it . Looks great , works great . The lift-out liner makes it easy to empty , even if you crush everything and put too much in the can . Buy this . It 's worth the money .
 I 've tortured my husband going through stainless steel trashcans that look great but do n't work -LRB- lid sticks , bag breaks , etc. -RRB- Finally , I 've found one that works while looking good ! This has a complete pull-out plastic liner that makes getting the bag out a breeze.Also -LRB- they should say this in the product info -RRB- , standard 13-gallon trashbags fit this just fine . I 'm not sure if you are expected to buy some fancy liner , but my bags work fine and you just see a little strip of the bag under the lid.The step mechanism is great . This is the best buy I have found in stainless steel trash cans . Do n't waste your money on any other product .
 This trash can is large and easy to use . With the step mechanism , you do not have to touch the can . The lid can also be pushed open to stay open . Best of all , with this design , you do not have to use their specially-designed -LRB- and expensive -RRB- trash can liners . I use regular 13-gallon trash can liners with no problem .
 This is a good trash can and easy to use . It holds standard 13 gallon kitchen bags very easily , as the bags fit well in the inside can liner . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a stainless can . We have used the can for several weeks and are very satisfied with it . I found out , however , from the manufacturer that this can was made to sell at Costco for a much lesser cost than I paid , so you live and learn . The seller I purchased from apparently buys from Costco and resells on their website .
 This trash can works very well , I do n't find it 's noisy at all , and looks pretty good too . And for the price , you 'd be hard pressed to find a similarly good model . The only beef I have -LRB- and thus 1 star off -RRB- is that you need to put something between the back of it and the wall , because it does n't open up all the way if it 's right up against the wall and if you just place it a few inches forward , it scoots backwards over a couple of openings/closings -LRB- as you push your foot on the pedal -RRB- . So I put a small piece of wood back there and now it stays put perfectly .
 I bought it in sale price here , certainly worth 20 $ i paid for it , I wish it had 3 side zip , i wanted to use it with memory foam .
 this cover i use to house a memory foam mattress ... for the price i am happy ... i put a 3 inch queen in
 I think this cover is just perfect for the price and easy zipper closure ! The other reviewers must not have read the description closely because it does say COVER ! A featherbed is a featherbed , this says featherbed cover ! Easy to take off , easy to wash , and easy to put back on !
 The teeth of the zipper could be a bit stronger as it often comes undone but I just run the zipper over that spot again and it stays shut . The cotton is very soft . I wish it was more of a box design so it could fit the 5 '' height of my featherbed to allow for maximum loft . Otherwise , for the price , this thing rocks !
 I orderd 2 of these covers and found both to be a perfect fit for the featherbeds that I own . The price is excellent too ! If you are going to invest in a featherbed , a cover protects from stains and addresses concerns with feathers getting through the featherbed . I recommend this cover for featherbeds that are less thick . It depends on the thickness of the featherbed you own . For example , if the featherbed is really thick , even when compressed , it may be somewhat difficult to fit into the cover . The cover is not gusseted , therefore you may have trouble . But for average thickness featherbeds , the cover is a good fit .
 I 've had this COVER on our featherbed for a few weeks now and it is great . It has a high thread count and is very smooth and comfortable . It is much easier to zip off the cover and launder it that than to launder our featherbed , so it is a huge time/money saver in my eyes .
 Even some of the more expensive feather beds , will have feathers occassionally poking out . This will most definitely put an end to that ! I have had mine for a year now , and LOVE it . It protects my feather bed , and keeps the feathers at bay ! You need it for any feather bed you purchase anywhere ! The zipper on mine did break off after a few months of use , but is still completely functional and does n't come off .
 The feather bed cover was better than expected . After much shopping around I purchased this one . The price was much lower than anything else I saw and it fit the discription of a `` feather bed cover '' not a duvet quilt cover.I was delighted with it . It was very easy to put on and the quality is great.I am very happy with it .
 The featherbed covers I purchased were exactly what I wanted to cover the foam bed topper we have in our motorhome . The fit is perfect and quality is excellent . They wash well . I would highly recommend this product and the price was below department store prices .
 I bought this blanket to go on my younger son 's twin bed . I was a little skeptical at first , because these blankets usually sell for much higher -LRB- especially when they 're decent quality -RRB- . However , I was pleasantly surprised by how thick and colorful the blanket was when it arrived.I immediately washed it according to instructions , and though I was n't sure if I could add fabric softener -LRB- the label did not specify -RRB- , I decided to chance it . After washing in warm water with Tide , OxyClean , and Downy -LRB- my laundry trifecta of choice ! -RRB- , the blanket came out just fine . The label did not say whether it could be dried or not -LRB- it says `` do not wring '' -RRB- , so I placed it in the dryer on low heat to begin with . Because of the thickness , I decided to increase the heat to medium , and the blanket dried fine ... no shrinkage or damage to the integrity of the material . The blanket is incredibly soft , which is perfect for my little man , who has Autism and loves to snuggle up in soft materials when he goes to bed at night.Since we placed this blanket on his bed , he has slept every single night in his own bed , and absolutely loves the feel of this soft and warm blanket.It holds color excellently through washing , and does n't attract fuzz and other materials that microfiber and cheap faux knockoffs tend to gather -LRB- which was a concern of mine when I ordered a dark , solid color blanket ! -RRB- . If you want to wrap yourself in a little piece of luxury for a fraction of the price you 'd pay elsewhere , I would highly recommend this blanket . It 's the real deal , and incredibly well made .
 This blanket is exactly what I was looking for . It is very warm and soft . There was almost no pilling whatsoever , which seems to be a huge problem with most fuzzy blankets . This blanket feels kinda heavy on the body , which i like , but some may not . This blanket is definitely not a Chinese el cheapo , much to my relief . It is well made , thick , soft , and warm . I was extremely happy about the thickness . Also comes with a zippered plastic storage bag .
 I like the extra room at the base for the beverage.Easy to hold.lager base makes it less chance of getting knocked over .
 Without the stem they seem more durable . The glass still delivers what is expected from a Riedel glass . Worth the cost .
 I really like these glasses . I had two , then bought two more . There are a nice bigger size and thin delicate feel . Very lightweight .
 the wine glasses are a bit different but very nice . very good quality and easy to wash . i use them all the time .
 These Riedel Martini Glasses are contemporary and stylish . They are a bit on the large size for a regular martini ... important to keep in mind since its easy to over imbibe ! I can imagine these glasses holding other drinks as well , and would be perfect for a margarita . I am very pleased with my purchase!The best thing is there is no thin stem to break . Although they are dishwasher safe , I have only washed mine by hand .
 I have had these wonderful martini glasses for about a week now and love them ! They are non-lead crystal made in Germany and are almost paper thin with a perfect ring when you gently tap on them . The size is just right for a vodka martini straight up with two olives . The packaging was impressive too , large box with balloon type padding around the original manufacturers box which is very well made . To break one in shipping would take a heck of punch . I 'm not sure how study these glasses are , only time will tell . If one does break , I plan to buy them again .
 Got the pair for $ 5.84 on Amazon Warehouse . Though the manuf packaging was a little worn , still had the enclosed product brochure . I didnt want to spend alot as this was my first time buying the brand as well as a stemless red wine glass . It may take some time to get used to drinking from this as the glass is very thin and the bowl is quite large in diameter .
 These tumblers are terrific . The glass is very thin , but I feel like they are less fragile than stemmed glasses . They 're easier to wash and store . Perfect for a casual glass .
 I was so pleased to receive the two sets of two wine tumblers . They are great . They sound like the real thing . So far , no one has knocked them over and they wash in the dishwasher wonderfully .
 This glass feels nice in the hand . I have put them in the dishwashing machine twice with no problems .
 I love these glasses . They do not tip over and the are large enough for the wine to breathe . I am only worried as they are so light and thin that they might break so I hand wash them . They are both my husband 's and my favorite wine glasses and at that price I can afford to replace them !
 I ordered 4 of these glasses after reading the reviews on Amazon . They are great ! They are thin , which I really like . But , I have put them in the dishwasher several times with no problems . I agree that they do n't work as well with white wines because they the wine warms too quickly without a stem to hold .
 Pretty , generous in size , and well balanced -- these are delightful not only for wine but for brandy and single malts . Fragile , but worth re-buying if you have to .
 We have a bunch of different wine glasses but , somehow , we always find ourselves reaching for these first . Elegant shape , dishwasher safe and reasonably priced .
 I gave this as a gift and the recipient loved them so much she went out a bought the Merlot glasses as well .
 I figure that if the top-rated winery next door can use these Riedel tumblers for their award-winning wines , I sure can , too ! This is a good-quality everyday wine glass at a great price . Best yet , it fits easily into the dishwasher .
 These lightweight , stemless glasses turn heads . When I use them for entertaining , everyone seems to want a set . They 're dishwasher safe -LRB- top rack -RRB- and appear to be pretty well made . These make a great gift -- the packaging is pretty nice . I recommend ordering two boxes -LRB- four glasses -RRB- . At these prices , that 's still a deal .
 These tumblers are great for casual dinners -- they 're hard to tip over , hard to break , and easy to wash . They 're the perfect size and shape for full bodied wines.They do a great job bringing out the taste and smell of the wine . The only drawbacks are that the wine heats up faster than in stems and they are priced a bit high compared to decent crystal stems.You 'll still need stems for entertaining guests but these are great for your every-day glass .
 Of all the reviews I have read on this product , I have yet to see one that points out the most important quality of these fine wine glasses
 Great glasses and just too pretty with the stem holding the garnish - be it a lemon drop , olives or a scored vanilla bean ... lovely !
 I am waiting for my neighbors who have a vineyard to share that with me , but just know I have the glasses to do it with
 Hey can you please help me with the tracking number of this items?Thanks and best regards , Gaby
 I bought these for my girlfriend , as she was complaining that she did n't have any classy wine glasses . She absolutely loves them . The stemless look seems to be what 's `` in '' these days . She 's had multiple friends ask where she got them . Only issue is that they are very thin and fragile . So far , I 've only broken one :-RRB- She had placed it in the sink to be washed and I unknowingly placed a pot or something on top of it , causing it to break . Not totally my fault , by of course , I turned around and bought her another set of 2 to make up for it . So , though these are beautiful wine glasses , you have to be pretty careful with them . I 'd recommend using them when you have company , and not as everyday glasses because of the fragility .
 I 've been using the stemmed Riedel glasses -LRB- Chardonnay and Cabernet -RRB- for about 20 years and was excited to purchase the tumblers nearly 10 years ago . For parties , the tumblers are fantastic because there is a reduction in spillage and breakage . The shape enhances the wine and even a Charles Shaw Merlot tastes more worthy than the three dollar bottle . I use these glasses for Bordeaux wines as well , finding that the lack of a stem does not reduce the essence of the wine . After using the Peugeot Les Impitoyables Le Taster Universal Tasting Glass , I decided the stem is an unnecessary part of the glass even for wine consumption . On the other hand , at the dinner table , I still prefer the Riedel stemmed glasses . Since I always wash my wine glasses by hand , dishwasher breakage is not an issue and I use very hot water instead with a very small drop of soap . I 've yet to break a glass .
 We had 2 of these tumblers , so when Amazon had them on sale it was a perfect time to add another 2 . In addition to red wine , these are perfect for cognac or brandy , as the warmth from your hand enhances the nose and improves the experience substantially . Highly recommended .
 I read all of your reviews on Amazon , and being a new wine drinker went for the better glasses at the get go . I used the 4 for 3 promotion and bought 6 of these glasses as well as a Vinturi ... The glasses are awesome - they not only look great - out of the ordinary - but they fit in the dishwasher and the cabinets perfectly.I always sit near a laptop while sipping my wine , and yes the stemmed glasses have tipped over on me a few times ... luckily my laptops were saved . With these glasses I no longer will worry about tipping over a glass full of wine ... I love the look , the quality , and the design . Amazon price is exceptional .
 We have used these glasses for the last few years and love them.we had to buy more , so we ordered a few more sets .
 I 've been using these glasses for 6 months and love them for casual wine drinking . They 're great in that they go right into the dish washer with no problems and look beautiful coming out every time.I recently decided to expand the collection a little bit , and ordered eight more . The purchase went through Wine Enthusiast , and I was n't expecting any issues since I 've purchased directly from them in the past . However , and I thought you all might find this entertaining , a rather thin box showed up today and was not in great shape . I picked it up to the sound of raining glass shards inside . Upon opening the box , I found both tubes -LRB- each holding 4 glasses -RRB- almost completely smashed . I 've gotten the occasional broken glass in a shipment before , but this is the first time I 've received an entire box of broken glass . :--RRB- Time to go talk to Wine Enthusiast about their shipping practices .
 For daily use these are absolutely the best wine glasses . They give you Riedel quality in a useful design . No more worrying about the instability of stemware and believe it or not , they go in the dishwasher . After about 2 years of constant use I think I 've broken two glasses . I find that the first group I bought now are somewhat cloudy but considering the amount of use they have received I do n't find that to be an issue .
 These glasses have the expected Reidel quality , with just a little extra pizzaz . They are great to use , because they are a little more stable than stems , and they look just enough different to make them an interesting change of pace from your regular wine glasses .
 These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems . By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the dishwasher , and save about $ 10 per glass compared to the stemmed Riedel . I have been using these for several months and they are fabulous . Since they are genuine crystal as opposed to glass , they develop the bouquet much better -LRB- due to microscopic `` pores '' that regular glass lacks -RRB- . They really gleam , right out of the dishwasher . Best of all , the rims are thin and smooth , which is the luxury feel that premium glassware is all about.I have been a wine `` nut '' for over 20 years , and these glasses are teriffic . Buy them , and feel safe using them daily . They will improve the enjoyment of every wine you drink , from Gallo to Lafite
 These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems . By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the dishwasher , and save about $ 10 per glass compared to the stemmed Riedel . I have been using Reidel O series for several years and they are fabulous . Since they are genuine crystal as opposed to glass , they develop the bouquet much better -LRB- due to microscopic `` pores '' that regular glass lacks -RRB- . They really gleam , right out of the dishwasher . Best of all , the rims are thin and smooth , which is the luxury feel that premium glassware is all about.If you are wondering which to buy as an `` all purpose '' red glass , I prefer the syrah/shiraz glass over the cabernet/merlot or the pinot noir/nebbiolo , even though I drink mostly cabernet . The syrah glass is just a bit taller and more graceful than the cabernet or the pinot noir glasses and brings out the flavors and aromas of all red varietals quite well . But honestly , since all the glasses are well made , the differences are pretty minor and if you like one shape more than another , it 's fine.I have been a wine `` nut '' for over 20 years , and these glasses are teriffic . Buy them , and feel safe using them daily . They will improve the enjoyment of every wine you drink , from Gallo to Lafite
 Each of these tumblers weighs in at 105 grams -LRB- 3.8 ounces -RRB- . This `` chardonnay '' glass feels perfect ; whereas the cabernet feel very light -LRB- but still 110 grams -RRB- and much larger.If you tip the chardonnay over onto its side -LRB- empty , of course -RRB- it rights itself to the sitting position . If you do this with the cabernet glass it just wobbles around like an egg . All of this says
 These glasses make a world of difference in the taste of your wine . Compared to retail department stores , Amazon offers a very nice price for them .
 I got a set of these as a gift and have fallen in love with them . I even went out and bought more include some of the riesling one which if you are looking for a smaller size are the way to go . They are light and wonderful to drink from and easy to care for . They handle the dishwasher very well . Cause although they seem so fragile and delicate they are excellent for day to day use . One did finally break in our home as one of our cats knocked a book from a shelf that cracked it . But I 'm replacing it as I type . Having no stems also means less likely to be tipped over which for this home is a good thing.Over all an excellent day to day wine glasses , wonderful quality and good pricing . Makes a great gift for wine drinkers .
 These glasses are a good choice if the stemmed version would be clumsy -LRB- casual gatherings outdoors -RRB- , but the lack of stem does cause the wine to warm in your hand . I use them when I 'm out at the grill or moving about.The glasses are made of NON-LEADED glass -LRB- see the description -RRB- .
 I bought four of these cabernet `` O '' glasses after a visit to my local wineseller . He was so impressed with them that he uses only them for wine tastings . He said that after months of use , he had not broken any in the dishwasher . I 'm pleased to say that after a year of regular use , I have n't broken any either . I love the feel of the glass in my hand and the thin glass on my lips . It feels luxurious . I rarely use my stemmed glasses anymore.Just last month , representatives from Reidel did a demonstration at the store of the various types of Reidel glasses . Those who were there -LRB- I was not -RRB- said that chardonnay tasted far better in the chardonnay glass than in the other glasses . Same for all the other wine varieties . Evidently , these guys know their stuff .
 Just ordered and received some of these glasses in all shapes and sizes . There seems to be a debate on whether these glasses are indeed crystal . For what it 's worth , the Riedel sticker that is on affixed to each glass denotes `` non lead kristallglass '' and the `` O '' pamphlet that came in the box says `` Crystal * Machine Made * The O Wine Tumbler '' . From my research
 Reidel is worth the money if you are wine snob like me . However , I do n't recommend it for daily use , as it is extremely delicate .
 Bought these as I like the Riedel name . This glassware will match any decor . I like the fact that they are sturdy yet look delicate . I would highly recommend hand washing these as they can still be fragile . The `` stem '' is hollow so the beverage fills to the bottom of the glass , thus making it sturdy sitting on the tabletop . The glass fits nicely in the hand and the spiral style on the bottom portion makes it easy to grip without slipping . Although they may be a little more pricey , I was able to take advantage of a special buy 3 get 1 free , plus free shipping , through Amazon.com , so it averaged out to a comparable price to other fine glassware found at local stores . I highly recommend this glassware , but like I stated earlier , would hand wash only . Oh yes , they come packaged in a nice box , so I keep them in the box when not in use , and that makes it easy to store , and I know they are protected . Just saying ...
 These are lovely to drink out of and lightweight to hold . Very fashionable and nice to have for casual and formal parties . A good price too from Amazon !
 Love them - Riedel glass so delicate -LRB- no matter what reviews say , I wo n't put Riedel in the dishwasher -RRB- , but without the stem these feel more solid and it 's a nice cozy way to sip on a robust red wine in winter . 4 stars only because they were a bit bigger in width than I imagined , so a little hard to grasp .
 Trying to buy these in the UK means paying approximately double this price . The glasses are beautifully made , with the right balance and thickness of rim . The other Riedel glasses with rounded bases tend to roll over for me , and regular champagne glasses have narrow and delicate stems which have not lasted for me.I liked them so much , I ordered more upon receiving them .
 Absolutely stunning , and great conversation pieces . You wo n't have to get up and make another for a while ... these beautiful glasses are quite large !
 Love these glasses . Wine just seems to taste better and holding them in these tumblers is sensual and just seems easier than stemmed glasses .
 I love these glasses . I 've been using them since Riedel started making the `` O '' series . But I want to correct the information provide by Amazon . These glasses are not dishwasher safe . I always hand wash them but a guest snuck them into the dishwasher when I was n't looking and I forgot to do the `` guest precheck '' on my dishwasher before running . We lost three of the pinot noir glasses to the dishwasher . So I would say great glasses if you are willing to hand wash .
 We got a two set of these glasses as a gift -- one set of Burgandy glasses and one set of Riesling glasses -- and I absolutely love them.Every decent wine I 've used them for tastes great . The Burgandy glasses are especially great for allowing the wine to breathe as you drink it . When using the white glasses you have to be careful to set them down between sips , to avoid warming the glass with your hands . But that has n't been a problem so far.They are easy to hold and attractive . I have n't tried them in the dishwasher yet , but they are not difficult to hand wash .
 I love the reidel line of wine glasses , both stemless and with stems . They are delicate though so not for the clumsy -LRB- although maybe stemless is better for the klutz since it has less opportunity to fall over -RRB- . They make great gifts !
 I gave a set to my sister upon her request . She was very pleased with them . They arrived on time in spite of the busy time of year in which I ordered this item .
 I bought these glasses for a gift because I love the ones that I have so much . They are a perfect size for all red wines -LRB- maybe a little big for white wine -RRB- and they easily fit in the dishwasher ! Without stems , there is much less chance of breakage . I have had my set for over a year and have completely abandoned my old glasses .
 These beautiful finely made Riedel wine glasses were delivered in perfect condition.All parts of the buying experience were great with Amazon . I have purchase againsince this purchase and will do so again in the future .
 I purchased a pair as a gift to my wife , and we both love them . They are our favorite wine glasses . Easy clean up , and take up less space when stored too .
 i gave them as a gift and the person i gave them too loves them drinks out them everytime they have wine
 I love these glasses.I think the traditional stemmed wine glass is fine , but I find this far more practical , while being elegant at the same time.I have the set for Sauvignon Blanc as well , which are very nice.I 'll be buying more .
 As other reviewers have commented , you do touch the bowl of these glasses with your hands which does warm the wine . However , if your sink is cluttered with unwashed riedel sommeliers and vinums , like mine , embrace the truth and go for the `` O '' . Do not underestimate the importance of `` dishwasher-safe '' .
 I received six of these as a gift over two months ago . I immediately opened one of the boxes and decided to pour a cocktail in one rather than wine . Since then , I have had every drink out of them except wine . For some reason when I drink wine , I forget to get them out . But there is no reason that wine would not be fantastic out of them . They really are cool glasses although a bit on the fragile side . I have not broke one but can tell that they would break very easy if dropped in an empty sink or such . I would highly recommend them even if you use them for wine ! Mine came from Kyrian Crystal which will engrave them for you , giving them a very elegant and personalized touch .
 I bought these wine glasses for my husband for Father 's Day and he is very happy with them . They feel a little delicate so I choose not to put them in the dishwasher , but hand wash them instead . I hand wash all my stemware anyway , so it 's no big deal to me .
 These wine tumblers are perfect for every day use and especially in situations where a stemmed tumbler may be unstable . The flat base and low center of gravity of these tumblers -LRB- a bit of a misnomer -RRB- make them less likely to `` tumble '' unexpectedly . The crystal is strong yet light and cleans up easily . They look great in a display . Highly recommended .
 The wine glasses are excellent . Glass has a deep bowl that enables good fluent swirling and ease in aroma enjoyment .
 Initially thought stemless wine glasses were dumb . Then got the whole set of `` O '' glasses -LRB- 4 sizes -RRB- as a gift , and realized how wrong I was ! Love them so much I 've given away all my stemmed glasses . Hold up well in the dishwasher .
 I would recommend this glass to anyone looking for a casual way to enjoy the best white wine in the world - riesling !! I use it multiple times throughout the week and love it . Sturdy , nice grasp , and enjoyable ! Cheers !!!!!!
 I was skeptical about their ability to withstand the environment of the dishwasher , but they 've proven to be very durable . The original intent was to use these as our everyday wine glasses , but we 're using them for company as well . Our friends are impressed that we 're up on the latest in enjoying wine . I highly recommend these beautiful , light , graceful items .
 Swirl your cab in these glasses , and it smells fantastic . While other reviewers have rightly given accolades to the functionality and beauty of the design , most important is that these tumblers truly make for a better taste and bouquet . We were first introduced to `` O '' at a tasting at Miner Vineyard in Napa , and have been fans ever since .
 They are made of a lovely glass and have a very nice weight and balance to them - a great deal.Still not really sold on the stemless approach due to the supposed warming of the glass/wine by your hands -LRB- then again , us americans drink our whites too cold anyway -RRB- . In that case , they are perfect .
 These babies make the perfect gift . Like Weebles they do n't fall downand they survive very well in the dish washer even thou they are delicate . Wine for me is an obsession so I 'm always looking for something to enhance the experience . I 've already given out 8 sets as gifts and what I do is bundle them with a Dean and DeLuca corkscrew and a copy of the new book Oldman 's Guide to Wine . Together the 3 make the ultimate wine lover 's `` new new '' care pack !
 Have a number of high-end wine glasses and many of them from Riedel . The best endorsement I can make is that these are the ones I reach for first . In fact , I 'll wash those from last night , rather than use a clean glass of another type .
 My ordinary juice tumblers are wearing out , so I 'm trying alternatives for a new set . So far , I 'm very happy with these . They have all the qualities of the inexpensive Riedel line , including being able to go in the dishwasher . And sure ` nuff , I can tell a difference between a glass of riesling , even * cheap * riesling , by drinking it out of this glass . -LRB- My major experiment was using a bottle of wine that was merely okay . The glass made it a * better * okay . I think it still ended up in a fondue . -RRB- The glasses are just a tiny bit fragile for everyday use , but I 'm comparing them to heavy juice clunkers rather than a wine glass . They do make my morning juice look cool . If you 're thinking of them for wine service , though , they do n't seem quite as elegant as stemware ... on the other hand , it 'll be a lot harder to knock one of these over .
 I love Riedel glasses and these are no exception . These are great for casual wine drinking ~ week day dinners or just a couple of friends drinking and chatting.Sure they do n't have a stem , but I rarely hold the glass in my hand the entire time I have a glass of wine so the wine does n't heat up anyway . Elegant but durable , they fit in the dishwasher . And they are spill proof.If I set a fancy table , I still turn to my beautiful stemmed wine glasses .
 I would rate them highly for appearance , apparent quality , and a nice slightly rounded edge to make them easy on the lips . Of course , without a stem , they will not insulate the bowl from the warmth of your hands and can be expected to warm the wine if you are holding it between sips , as you might at a party . And a warning to those with small hands , you may not feel like you have a very secure grip on this large glass . They have some other smaller versions you might like better .
 I am very hard on stemmed wine glasses ... I hit them against the sink , etc. ... . So , my husband bought me these . I love them ... much more stable and excellent for everyday use . The wine tastes amazing in these as well . I DONT MISS THE STEMS and my hubbie definately does not miss the broken glasses !! By the way , he shopped and shopped for these , Amazon has the best price going !! It 's worth the investment ... you will not be sorrry !!!
 These glasses suffer from all the faults of stemless stemware-greasy fingerprints , easy to drop , fingers blocking the sight of the lovely drink within . They also share in the advantages-easier to store , harder to knock over.What makes this SB/Riesling glass so useful is that it 's a really great way to serve spirits . A shot of cognac or wood-aged rum gets just the right amount of concentration on the way to your nose . -LRB- snifters are too big , Riedel Ouvertures too curved -RRB- Lynn Hoffman author of New Short Course in Wine , The
 When I first heard about Riedel coming out with a stemless glass I was a bite skeptical . I have now been using for about 2 weeks now and they are really great for everyday use . Best of all their less expensive and if they break it does n't hurt as much . Definitly a good buy for everyday use , stick to the Vinum or if you want to spend a little money the Sommeliers series for formal dinner parties and the like .
 These wine tumblers are typical of Reidel 's high quality , but I find them a little hard to hold , and my hands are not particularly small . In any case , they could n't be easier to clean and store , and I love using a wine glass without a stem . Highly recommended for wine lovers with big mitts !
 These tumblers were Christmas gifts to three people on my list . Everyone was knocked out by them , thought they were much more expensive than they were and marveled at the elegance and clever good sense of the design .
 These are wonderful casual wine glasses . What I really noticed was how thin the glass is compared to cheaper brands . It makes the wine drinking experience more sophisticated , even if you 're drinking a cheap wine . I really love these glasses -- I think they are prefect for any red wine .
 These are great glasses . . and do n't be fooled by imitations . They are sturdy and elegant and great fun .
 I was deciding on which ones to get , the cab or syrah ones , and decided on these -LRB- the syrah/shiraz -RRB- , so happens they shipped the Cab ones anyways . Seems they mixed them up or Amazon just considers them interchangeable.The Syrah ones are technically narrower and taller as per the insert .
 The glasses are wonderful . The balance of the weight and the finess of the glass are exceptional .
 I 've had a set of these for over a year , and we love them . Large , elegantly crafted , and less likely to get knocked over .
 To me these are perfect . I like good quality wine glasses but for everyday use stemware is fragile and not practical . These are wonderful quality in a design that makes them useful and easy to care for -LRB- I put them in the dishwasher -RRB- . Makes a great gift for for those who enjoy a nice glass of wine .
 very lovely fragile tumblers , but too large to hold comfortably , woman 's hand , very nice for male , larger hand , maybe to drink scotch
 I really like these glasses except for the fact that they are so easily broken . I bought this set to replace some that broke . Of course I do put them in the dishwasher but still ...
 Each of these tumblers weighs in at 110 grams -LRB- 3.8 ounces -RRB- . This cabernet glass feels VERY light ; whereas the chardonnay feels perfect . Both weight in at 105-110 grams , but the cabernet is much larger.If you tip the chardonnay over onto its side -LRB- empty , of course -RRB- it rights itself to the sitting position . If you do this with the cabernet glass it just wobbles around like an egg . All of this says
 I really like them b/c they have no stem and are so are easy to use while taking a bath or doing a puzzle . I did think they would have been bigger .
 These are the best looking wine tumblers that I have ever seen . Plan to stuff into a box with wine for a Xmas gift . The catalog received with the order is a true `` wish book '' . Thank you .
 The Riedel `` O '' concept glasses may take a short while to accept , but once one realizes that a quality wine glass does not require a stem the rewards are many . The `` O '' glass line of products have made legendary glass maker Riedel 's products affordable for the masses , while injecting an element of practicality for daily use . As a current owner of both traditional higher - priced Riedel stemware and these newer products , I find our `` O '' glasses are getting much higher use . They truly do enhance the flavors of good quality wines , while helping the wine drinker collect multiple glass ware designs at reasonable prices . I now have five different `` O '' styles on the shelf , yet these wide mouth Chardonnay glasses seem to get the biggest workout
 Riedel glasses are great way to give a GREAT gift ! Opens the wine wonerful , and I love the feel of the glass too . It the perfect way to drink Napa Valley wine , in a fancy glass . Carry-on
 I bought these for my fiance ' as he is prone to knocking over wine glasses and a lover of red wines . Our carpet could n't take it anymore , nor could I . These glasses did the trick , and other guests have liked them too . My only question is why is the glass so thin ? Do n't they know that the same people who knock over wine glasses will probably also drop them ?
 If you like olives as much as you like martinis , this is a great glass , because you can easily fit a pick with a half dozen olives into this glass due to the hollow stem .
 I bought these as a gift for my husband who had smashed 3 of 4 stemmed glasses . He was a little skeptical but has come to love them . We have 3 children ages 7 and under and it 's always a challenge keeping stemware out of their way . These glasses solves the tipping problem . The shape is great and although we handwash them so far , it 's nice to know you can put them in the dishwasher .
 I bought my first 2 last year and now have 8 each of the merlot , pinot and sauv blanc - plus the decanter . They 're easy to grip -LRB- though the pinot could give you a cramp if you hold it too long , its so wide -RRB- , stable and great for the dishwasher . Even better - and I did n't appreciate this until last night - they 're sturdy . My husband dropped one on the tile floor and instead of shattering , it somehow managed to bounce !
 These are the most amazing glasses ever . I do n't know if I have been exceptionally lucky , but last night , for the third time , I dropped one of these tumblers and rather than breaking , the glass rolled -LRB- no joke -RRB- and remained 100 % intact . My husband and I have never been able to keep wine glasses for more than a few months without breaking them all.I just bought 8 of the syrah glasses as well . Incredible !
 Love these glasses . Can see them being used for many types of drinks , not just red wine . Only drawback is fingerprints show up well .
 These wine tumblers are perfect for every day use and especially in situations where a stemmed tumbler may be unstable . The flat base and low center of gravity of these tumblers -LRB- a bit of a misnomer -RRB- make them less likely to `` tumble '' unexpectedly . The crystal is strong yet light and cleans up easily . They look great in a display . Highly recommended .
 These glasses look really delicate but are holding up to our rough handling and everyday dish washing . I really like the stability of the design .
 These are wonderful delicate wine glasses . I enjoy the special feel they give to our dinner wine celebration .
 I loved them the second I unwrapped them!Beautifully crafted and amazingly delicate , they are also very modern in appearance and quite a bit of fun to look at . Both `` newbies '' like myself and some friends enjoy the stemless stemware , and afficianados who drink wine often such as my Dad love the new feel . Of course , he also loves not being likely to break any more stems!I only recently found out they were dishwasher safe . And they are . Icing on the cake , certainly . They feel so delicate I was hesitant , but sometimes you just have to give it a whirl.This feature , I think , ensures that I 'll be using them more often than not!As for what they were intended for ? Compared to all of my other stemware , they have a wonderfully delicate , slightly turned lip that is excellent for tasting . They have a light and balanced feel to the glass -LRB- first time I 've enjoyed holding a wineglass empty -RRB- . And they are large enough to develop a full-bodied bouquet to enjoy , even when ya got a big nose like me ; - -RRB- I have 4 and now I 'm thinking of ordering more -LRB- donating my old , unused glasses to a charitable cause such as my brother-in-law who thinks two-buck-chuck is a highlight of his evening -RRB- .
 I bought these for my father , who has trouble with delicate glasses -LRB- they often tip over for him b/c his hands shake -RRB- . These are great . He loves them . He says they are heavy enough to feel sturdy and do n't tip over . They seem to be easy for him to hold .
 The times I 've purchased these tumblers , they were bought for others who enjoy stemless wine glasses . Each time they were appreciated by the recipients - for their weight and durability in the dishwasher , and also by me - for the price ! Packaging was simple , yet protective .
 I love the fact that these glasses can go in the dishwasher . . they are not nearly as susceptible to breakage as the Riedel glasses with stems . I have also experienced first hand the difference it makes to drink a varietal out of the correct glass ... otherwise I would n't believe it really matters . With free shipping over $ 25.00 Amazon is the best place to buy the Riedel O series .
 I bought them for someone this is what they said - `` I think they do enhance the flavor of the wine . They seem to be of really fine quality -LRB- very thin glass but not fragile -RRB- . and with no stem , I do n't have to worry about knocking them over so easily . ''
 I really enjoy the glasses , but I wish they were just a little bit thicker density . They seem too delicate , and I 'm afraid of breaking them .
 Very pleased with the glasses . We already had the cabernet glasses and wanted to add to the collection . they are such delicate crystal I feel like it 's a special occasion when I use them . I also like the look as it is different than any other wine glasses we have . They are a great conversation piece .
 The Riedel O Chardonnay is just the right size for informal gatherings with friends . It holds just the right amount too . A little more generous than the stem version.All my friends think it is a cool shape and you do n't have to worry about breaking the stem when you set it down . I have n't broken one yet while washing them ! Thats the best part .
 Vesta and I have been called pseudo wine nut cases off and on for years . We drink a bottle of Napa Valley Cab every night , sometimes two and sometimes we do a Bordeaux sometimes two and sometimes we do a big Bordeaux . We like our wine . I would n't say our teeth are floating in it , but we like it.And we like clinking our wine glasses and hearing the neeto ping , so when we first came across these glasses in our friendly upscale wine store , we turned our noses toward the sky and pooh poohed them . But then one night -- when we had a couple young ones over while their parents were out listening to a band that fails miserably in passing off bad noise as music -- one of the kids accidently , and I know it was an accident because she said so , knocked over one of our wine glasses , spilling the wine and breaking the glass . Easy to do for a kid and a long stemmed glass.Her parents , when learning about this , bought us a pair of these beauties . They did n't have to , we did n't beat their child or anything , did n't even raise our voices . Children are children , after all.Now that we owned a pair of these glasses we 'd thought were beneath us , we had to try them . So we did . And jeez , I almost hate to admit it , but we bought a couple more pair , bringing our supply up to a half dozen , because these are the only glasses we use now . They 're a lot more kid friendly -LRB- we 're like the neighborhood babysitters , probably because we really like kids and we do n't charge , so the young couples on our block are more than happy to drop their children off at our house -RRB- . As for the finger print problem , we do n't have that , because we wash our hands before we eat and before we pour . However , I will readily admit we do n't get quite that neeto pinging sound when we clink glass , oh well , you ca n't have everything .
 These are wonderful ... I drink Pingo Gres all the time and it definately makes a difference . I bought 2 more for when I have friends over . Thanks again
 Riedel is the best and these are not my first set . I highly recommentd it for people who love wine .
 This is my fourth set of Riedel tumblers - I received one set as a wedding gift and have been buying the other shapes ever since . We do n't even use stemmed wine glasses anymore . The Riedels are much thinner and classier than cheaper versions but sturdy enough to withstand my husband 's less-than-delicate handwashing techniques . I love them and refuse to use any other brand of tumbler . Definitely worth the price - take care of them and they 'll last forever .
 I own some of these glasses and have given others as gifts . I enjoy these for informal dinners and after dinner sipping . It is nice to not have the ` tippiness ' factor of a stemmed glass involved when relaxing . I also have a ` special ' place for these in my dishwasher . and so far , no accidents . Just be sure that they are on the top rack and not touching anything else . I may be a little too critical , however , because after only about 200 washings they loose a little of their luster . Imagine that !?! One of the nicest things about these glasses is the delicate thinness of the lip . It just makes sipping wine -LRB- or anything -RRB- more elegant .
 We enjoy using these glasses every day for Cabernet/Merlot wines . They are n't as tippy as stemware , or quit as breakable . But they do break . That is why I was buying replacements . They are dishwasher safe .
 I purchased the Cabernet Merlot glasses , so I ca n't attest to the quality of any of the others . For me , these are perfect wine glasses
 Let me first address the fragility issue . I 've found that many items I 've ordered from Amazon come lacking sufficient packing material , usually those little air `` pillows '' . This was no exception . The shipping box was so crushed on one end that I took photos of it before I opened it . You not only could hear the inner box sliding around , but you could also hear the wine tumblers moving inside . In spite of the poor packing , the glasses were in perfect shape . I 'm confident they will hold up during regular use.As for the glasses themselves , we already have a set of stemmed Riedel Merlot glasses , and these are the same quality , which I think is an excellent value for the money . We now use the tumblers for our everyday wine use , and will probably get a pair of the Chardonnay tumblers next .
 This is a regular Riedel varietal wine glass with the stem removed . We use them daily and like them because they take up less space in the dishwasher and seem somewhat less likely to tip over on the table . A friend thinks they are too fragile but we have lost only two in two years , one to my mishandling and another the cat batted off the counter .
 They work as advertised - I used them all the time now instead of my `` stem '' glasses . I like them because they are not as tippy and have a more casual look to them . I am very happy with my purchase .
 My experience with Riedel Glass and all their -LRB- different strokes for different folks -RRB- to be nothing short of perfect . . They always provide an excellent product , ALWAYS ... The only problem I see is that once you purchase a glass or twin set , you will be buying more . Excellent quality - EXCELLENT .
 Product met expectations , at a very competitive price . These glasses claim to oxygenate the wine and do seem to improve the taste of wine even if it is only in my head.Only dislike was the poor packaging which was very flimsy . Amazingly these very delicate glasses arrive in one piece . I will probably buy some more for various types of other wines .
 These glasses are beautiful and light weight . While the size is geared toward a larger hand , it is still fairly comfortable for women . I would recommend this glass over other , easier to shatter , Riedel glasses .
 I love them . . they are light as a feather . I will be giving them as gifts to everyone I know .
 Riedel glasses make good wine great and great wine excellent . I am huge fan of the Extreme series , I own 6 of each and 4 sommeliers burgundy stems . Awesome wares if you have the storage space and take extreme care when cleaning and handling.Despite what you read , pairing the proper glass shape to the proper varietal makes a huge difference . These glasses are a great way to get introduced to that concept . They come in packages of two -LRB- great for couples -RRB- , are inexpensive , lead free and dishwasher safe . These are a very sexy alternative to stemware , stems are the part of your glasses that break most often . If you have tight storage space these things stack and take up much less room then stems.I beg to differ with those of the opinion that these glasses are not appropriate because holding the bowl will `` heat '' the wine . If you are pouring the correct amount into the glass this should not be a problem . In addition , most people will hold stems by the bowl . If you do not believe me , check out the bowl of your stems after your next cocktail party ... they will be littered with fingerprints . Did you hear those people complain about their wines `` heating up '' ? To sum it up , these are great everyday drinkers for beginning wine enthusiasts on a budget !
 These Reidel O 's are wonderful to use , take up little space in the dishwasher and complement wine wonderfully .
 I love these thin wine glasses ... I can not enjoy a glass of wine in a thick glass ... I have ordered many sets of these and given them as gifts ... but for some reason I break them when drying them with a dish towel ... I have never put them in my dish washer and I always make sure the glass is warm when I wash it . . but I guess they are super fragile and need to be air dried . In spite of this problem I will again order another set , as I can not drink a good glass of wine in a thick rimmed glass .
 I bought them for someone this is what they said `` I think they do enhance the flavor of the wine . They seem to be of really fine quality -LRB- very thin glass but not fragile -RRB- . and with no stem , I do n't have to worry about knocking them over so easily . ''
 While there are many positives to this line of glasses there is one thing that bothers me . When you drink from them you leave fingerprints . Normally on stemmed glasses they are not seen but with these glasses after several sips of your favorite wine the glasses are covered with fingerprints . Still love the shape though .
 Prompt delivery and the person I bought it for loved them ! No complaints on my end .
 I bought these from a specialty wine catalog/website for a few dollars more than offered here.These are so cool and easy to handle and make enjoying your favorite wine just more fun ! Plus they take up less cupboard space !!! A great gift for your favorite wine lover ...
 These tumblers are actually a throwback to the way people used to drink wine - in a goblet -LRB- and without a stem -RRB- . But being Riedels , these have a timeless elegance and unmistakable shape that can only come from the company that all but revolutionized the art of wine tasting and enjoyment . For an urban wine lover , with limited space , these were the perfect choice for me . And I was n't a believer before , but I believe it now - once you smell , taste , and drink wine out of a Riedel , there is no going back to anything else . It does for wine what CD 's did for music or HD did for TV . And since shiraz and syrah are quickly becoming the new darlings of the red wine world , what better way to enjoy them than in glasses specifically designed for them . These only enhance the spice and berry aromas and flavors . And without a stem , they are quite a conversation piece .
 The box printed it 's made in Germany , and I found both quality and the package of this product are excellent . I accidently dropped the box with those bubble wrap took out but both glasses stand the shock.Amazon got the cheapest price around , once ordered 2 sets I got free shipping so average cost is $ 7.50 per glass.If I drink wines with my wife only then I prefer the Vinum series coz it 's more elegrant . Since I 'm a Asian and lot of times I dine with my rather big family then I pick the `` O '' for my needs . The `` O '' series quite fit our dinning style and I do n't need to worry they will break or fell my glasses . `` O '' series simply means practical.Most important the glass retain the favors of wines and work just as Vinum series -LRB- but I still prefer to hold the leg of any wine glasses -RRB- . For self-enjoy I prefer Vinum , but will recommend `` O '' for party time .
 I love my new Martini Glasses , as a matter of fact I made myself a Martini the same day I received them and it looked and tasted great . I think these glasses are sharp looking . I would recommend them to anyone who drinks Martini 's .
 These are really wonderful mid range stemless glasses . If you are looking for something that is good quality and reasonably priced then these are for you ! They also come in many different shapes for other wine varieties .
 Great product . Fast shippment . Good vendor would deal again.Very responsive . Filling this out is painful . I will not do it again .
 I love these because as you cradle them in your hand your body temperature warms the Cognac slightly . They are very tough , do n't tip over like stemmed glasses and I think are more elegant . Not cheap , but very tough .
 I bought these from a specialty wine catalog/website for a few dollars more than offered here.These are so cool and easy to handle and make enjoying your favorite wine just more fun ! Plus they take up less cupboard space !!! A great gift for your favorite wine lover ...
 Highly recommend these glasses.Delightful to drink from - look classy - wo n't tip over easily and you do n't have to keep getting up to refill as they hold double what a usual champagne glass does , I love them . Thankyou Amazon for your quick and efficent service I was amazed I received these glasses in a couple of days from US to Australia - just fantastic .
 I bought some of these as a gift when they first came out and have wanted them ever since . Very nice feel , thin crystal rim , goood for swirling . The only problem is they are somewhat hard to hold because they are so big around .
 I own a lot of the Riedel O Clear Champagne glasses , we use them frequently , and I have n't broken one yet despite many washings in our mid-range Bosch dishwasher -LRB- I run it on the normal cycle -RRB- . I think the non-traditional style surprises people -LRB- if my friends were more openly judgmental I probably would own more traditional glasses -RRB- and there is truth to the fact that your hand warms the champagne a little if you continuously hold on to the glass.Cheap champagne flutes are garbage . These are priced a lot higher than cheap , but they hold up well enough for my use . It 's that practical level of usability/value that I was looking for .4 stars instead of 5 because of the hand warming problem and slightly high price . But 4 stars because I would -LRB- and have ! -RRB- buy them again despite the flaws .
 The five star rating reflects an appreciation for this as a spirits glass . When used for white wine , your hand warms the wine too quickly and if you 're standing up at a tasting , you end up balancing the glass on the tips of your fingers . However , it is just the right size for a shot of spirits and the body warmth effect is a benefit.A great deal of your experience of spirits comes from the aromas that develop in the air above the surface of the wine . A glass that forces the liquor to have a large surface area for its volume and then narrows to concentrate the vapors will increase the flavor experience . Glasses with a thin lip seem to interfere less with the taste of booze than thicker -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- glasses . The shape of the glass makes a difference , too . Since we can only smell molecules that are in the air , the best tasting glass is going to promote evaporation by exposing the largest possible surface area to the air . These glasses are wide at the waist and narrow at the top . Does it make a difference ? You bet-and in every taste test that I 've been part of , Riedel glasses win hands down . -LRB- For more information on the factors that effect the taste of wine-Storage , Air , Temperature , Food and Context , see New Short Course in Wine , The -RRB- It should n't be necessary to mention that a spirits glass should be clean and odorless . But sometimes restaurants , in their zeal to make their glassware clean use rinsing aids that leave behind a strong mineral smell . If you 're spending a lot of money on a bottle of wine in a restaurant , sniff the empty glass first . At home , a film of grease can settle on a previously clean glass . It 's no reflection on the quality of the housekeeping-cooking fats disperse in the air and settle on everything in a kitchen . An additional rinsing and a wipe with a clean towel are all you need.Lynn Hoffman , author of New Short Course in Wine , The and the tasty bang BANG
 A stemless wineglass is more stable and these are a real pleasure if you 're eating outdoors . There 's a price to pay , though . Since your hand is on the glass bowl , it gets fingerprints on it quickly and there 's something unappetizing about a glass that has your prints on it . On balance -LRB- so to speak -RRB- these are great wine glasses and at ten bucks a piece , they 're a bargain.A great deal of your experience of wine comes from the aromas that develop in the air above the surface of the wine . A glass that forces the wine to have a large surface area for its volume and then narrows to concentrate the vapors will increase the flavor experience . Glasses with a thin lip seem to interfere less with the taste of wine than thicker -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- glasses . The shape of the glass makes a difference , too . Since we can only smell molecules that are in the air , the best wine-tasting glass is going to promote evaporation by exposing the largest possible surface area to the air . These glasses are wide at the waist and narrow at the top to get more from their wine . Does it make a difference ? You bet-and in every taste test that I 've been part of , Riedel glasses win hands down . -LRB- For more information on the factors that effect the taste of wine-Storage , Air , Temperature , Food and Context , see New Short Course in Wine , The -RRB- The wine simply tastes better in these glasses.It should n't be necessary to mention that a wine glass should be clean and odorless . But sometimes restaurants , in their zeal to make their glassware clean use rinsing aids that leave behind a strong mineral smell . If you 're spending a lot of money on a bottle of wine in a restaurant , sniff the empty glass first . At home , a film of grease can settle on a previously clean glass . It 's no reflection on the quality of the housekeeping-cooking fats disperse in the air and settle on everything in a kitchen . An additional rinsing and a wipe with a clean towel are all you need.Lynn Hoffman , author of New Short Course in Wine , The and the tasty bang BANG
 I bought a set after a recommendation from a family member who works at a winery . We are not wine fantatics , but enjoy a glass every now and then . We are not well versed on wine terminology and technique , but these wine glasses just seem to make the wine taste better.They are thin , yet strong , delicate , but tough . Beautiful to look at as well . I experimented by sipping the same wine from a Riedel , and from a cheapo I have . I do n't know what contributes to the difference in flavor , the thin lip of the glass , maybe making more oxygen enter the mouth , but the flavor of the wine greatly improves . The cousin working at the winery was definitely right.The only issue I have is they are hard to store in a good safe location for easy access , but other than that they are wonderful .
 I just got into wine a little while ago , and wanted some nice glasses to sip from at home , rather than just using a plastic or glass tumbler . But seeing as how I 'm anywhere near wine snob status , I did n't want to spend a bunch on a set.Enter the Riedel O glasses . They were on sale , great price for two glasses . They arrived and I 'm happy with them . They 're sophisticated enough to be wine glasses , but without the stems , they 're not snobby either . I would have given this 5 stars , but one of the glasses I received has a minor imperfection along the rim , almost a little bubble of glass , or crystal . Other than that , they 're great !
 I have had these for about a month now and use them almost everyday . They have been great through the dishwasher and have a nice substantial feel to them . Definitely worth the price .
 These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems . By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the dishwasher , and save about $ 10 per glass compared to the stemmed Riedel . I have been using these for several months and they are fabulous . Since they are non-lead crystal , they develop the bouquet due to microscopic `` pores '' that non-crystal glassware lacks . They really gleam , right out of the dishwasher . Best of all , the rims are thin and smooth , which is the luxury feel that premium glassware is all about.If you are wondering which to buy as an `` all purpose '' red glass , I prefer the syrah/shiraz glass over the cabernet/merlot , even though I drink mostly cabernet . The syrah glass is just a bit taller and more graceful . But the difference is minor.I have been a wine `` nut '' for over 20 years , and these glasses are teriffic . Buy them , and feel safe using them daily . They will improve the enjoyment of every wine you drink , from Gallo to Lafite
 Riedel crystal has always been the best brand of glassware for tasting and drinking wine , so I was excited when they came out with stemless wine tumblers . -LRB- With Riedel wine glasses , the stem is always quite fragile , and usually the first part to break , so I do not miss it that much -RRB- . That said , the chardonnay/viognier tumblers are the closest in the O collection to being all purpose white wine tumblers . These are great especially for pinot grigio , chardonnay , viognier , and most other white wines . These are even good for sauvignon blanc and riesling , if you do not want to buy the tumblers specifically marked for those wines . The only white wines that I have found really need a different shaped glass are sweet wines such as Sauternes and icewine - I did not think that they brought out the bouquet in these as well as they might have.Some wine experts might be concerned about warming these tumblers when they come in contact with your hand , but I have not found this to be as big a problem as I thought that it might be .
 The Riedel O Series wine tumblers are a great value and more practical for many occasions than traditional wine glasses because they lack a potentially fragile stem . These Pinot Noir/Nebbiolo glasses are great not only for those two varietals , but also for Beaujolais and other wines made from the gamay grape . I also happen to think that these could work as `` general purpose '' red wine glasses , if you should so choose to use them as such . These are great for all but the most formal occasions , and should really enhance your wine tasting experience , whether you are a wine novice or an expert taster .
 These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems . By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the dishwasher , and save about $ 10 per glass compared to the stemmed Riedel . I have been using these for several months and they are fabulous . They really gleam , right out of the dishwasher . Best of all , the rims are thin and smooth , which is the luxury feel that premium glassware is all about.If you are wondering which to buy as an `` all purpose '' red glass -LRB- a term Riedel despises -RRB- , I prefer the syrah glass over the cabernet/merlot , even though I drink mostly cabernet . The syrah glass is just a bit taller and more graceful . But the difference is minor.I have been a wine `` nut '' for over 20 years , and these glasses are the answer to my glassware prayers ! Buy them , and feel safe using them daily . They will improve the enjoyment of every wine you drink , from Gallo to Lafite
 I really enjoy these glasses , and not just because of their interesting and classy appearance ! They are quite thin -LRB- esp the rims -RRB- and feel delicate , yet at the same time feel surprisingly well balanced in the hand . In my opinion , they have proved themselves to be very durable , especially for such a thin glass -LRB- see my dishwasher testimony to follow ! -RRB- . The shape enables the consumer to really enjoy the nose of the wine.I bought a large quantity of the cab/merlot glasses for a party we were having with a large amount of wine . They were an absolute hit all the way from the casual wine drinkers to several true wine conoisseurs present . Everyone loved the stemless presentation -LRB- and they were so popular that they drank both whites and reds out of them -RRB- . Little did they know I had only paid $ 8 a glass ! Someone commented that they had just read a NYT article on these , so they will probably be a hot item this '04 holiday season.Even better ... I was hesitant to put them through the dishwasher due to the rim thinness which I interpreted as a higher risk to break . However , given the number of glasses we had to wash , we went ahead and put them through the dishwasher after the party -LRB- some even on the bottom rack without my knowledge ! -RRB- . I figured with the number we had to wash we may lose a few but same some time . . Much to my surprise , not a single one of them broke - they came out beautifully . The dishwasher is an old one too , so I also expected them to be at a higher risk for breakage due to the rougher nature of older dishwashers!I do not think that hand warming is really going to be a problem with the stems in absentia - most of the time you just pick the glass up for a moment to appreciate a sip . Also , the bowls are so large that you can easily -LRB- and comfortably -RRB- hold them more towards the top of the glass where the wine is n't sitting - I have done this myself when I have walked around the house or the party with my glass . -LRB- In general you are only going to have wine in the bottom of the bowl anyway ! -RRB- In addition , for those who prefer to avoid leaded crystal due to concerns of lead leeching into the wine , these glasses are an excellent option as they are made of glass instead of leaded crystal !
 These are amazing ! Exactly the same as the Vinum line , minus the stems . The bowl is identical so you still get the breathing and flavor distinction you 've come to expect from Riedel . They 're just a bit more casual - perfect for a picnic or going out on your porch or patio to enjoy wine with friends or sitting around a fireplace . No worries about the stem breaking or finding a perfectly level place to set them down as they 're like weebles - they 'll wobble , but do n't fall down . At about half the cost - if you like Riedel Vinum , you 'll quickly be building your collection of the O line . One note , if you 're a fanatic about the wine temperature , you may want to stick with the reds as you ARE holding the bowl while drinking , but I 've not yet had that issue . What a great concept !
 My husband and I love these glasses ... so much easier than worrying about breaking a stem , but still Riedel 's signature shape that makes drinking wine fun . We get tons of compliments on them .
 These are incredible glasses ! Very high quality , sleek glasses that feel great in your hand and look great on your table . As the shape is different , they make an excellent conversation piece . They are good wine glasses if you are sitting down or have the opportunity to place your glass down often ; they 're not good for wine at cocktail parties or instances where you have to hold your glass often - holding them in your hand often will warm them quickly . They also make great beverage glasses for water , etc. .
 We first saw and used these glasses at an up-scale wine tasting shop in Las Vegas and knew we had to buy some . The glass allows the wine to breathe and the bouquet to reach the nose . The best part is that there are no stems to break or spilled wine from being knocked over ! -LRB- A tipped glass will actually balance itself without spilling any wine . -RRB- It 's the Riedel Vinum glass without the stem and it is fun to see guests ' reaction to the stemless Riedel . Try it ; you 'll like it !
 I was n't sure what I 'd think of these glasses , but I love 'em ! Granted , they do look a bit like a big bud vase , but I really enjoy using them for a casual glass -LRB- or two ... -RRB- of wine at home . I also like the Sauvignon Blanc glasses that are quite a bit smaller . All in all , a great purchase .
 I love Woodwick candles , but it really is n't a good idea to buy these online . The first candle I received came packaged very well . Lots of packing peanuts and newspapers , but it was still broken . I email the seller and they immediately sent me another . It was in the same condition . It looks like they just do n't ship well .
 longer lasting and more attractive . Great scents and a reasonable price . you ca n't go wrong with this one . I would really like to try some new scents as well .
 Ordered for myself and then I ordered a few for gifts . Smelled great and the crackling sound was nice too .
 This is my favorite woodwick scent , I 've had trouble locating it in stores lately , I was so happy to find it online . This candle will leave your home smelling delicious long after you 've blown the candle out . Why buy from the WW website , when you can buy from amazon and get free shipping ?
 Smells great and I love the sound of the crackles . I would buy more of these again in the future . They make great gifts too .
 I have recently become a fan of the WoodWick Candles . They are asthetically very pretty . I also like candles that smell like I 've been baking . However , this smells less like caramel and more like maple syrup . I recently had a guest who said my house smelt like Pancakes and Maple Syrup ! She was right . I guess that 's not a bad thing . It smells like I 've been slaving away making Pancakes all morning . Pancakes anyone ?
 I really like the Zak Design dishes . They add such a nice color to my kitchen table when eating meals . It appears to make it a more enjoyable dining atmosphere compared to my usual white setting and brightens up the faces of the people using them . The bowls are so much better than other ones because they are deeper so it is harder for young children to spill things when they use them . I am waiting for them to come out with the mugs or cups to complete my set . I really love the way they come out of the dishwasher without any spots and retain the just like new look . Not only that but they make a great conversation piece at the table . You can dress up or down this set of dishes by using various accessories on your table to fit any mood you would like to create . They are wonderful and I believe anyone that is looking for a great set of dishes that hold up well , have a better type of bowl for cereal or soup and add atmosphere and/or conversation to a dining experience will love these dishes . Of course , red just happens to be my favorite color too ! They also come in other colors so I am sure finding a color to your liking will be easy .
 Love these plates ! Nice and heavy , and have a vibrant color . Makes a beautiful place setting .
 I ordered the set and waited for them to arrive as promised . Eventually a week became about a month . They never arrived . I wrote to Amazon and they were very good to take care of the matter and about a week later I got the set . I enjoy the set , just wish that Zak 's black logo was n't all over the white plate set . They are very durable . I took a star away because you ca n't use them in the microwave .
 This is our ` old reliable ' , the timer function is nice for my early-riser wife , coffee flavor is excellent.As some others have noted in reviews of other ` thermal carafe ' type brewers , the coffee does n't stay piping hot after around 30 min . -- however , this the heat lasts longer with a fuller carafe , i.e. , with 5 cups or more the heat will be retained longer . But the flavor is retained , and a glass/hotplate type drip machine chars the coffee in 30 minutes -- longer than that and you have nasty black sludge.Also , another reviewer of another product suggested ` pre-heating ' the carafe with boiled water , a good idea for entertaining or if you want to just keep the coffee hot longer.So this thermal carafe style is preferable to other types . If you take all day to drink the carafe as I do , there 's always the microwave heat-up , which also sacrifices coffee flavor , or ... just drink your damn coffee , slowpoke!A good machine , well-made and dependable.Rhythm saved the world ! www.taketina.net -- teachers -- Greg Burrows
 We purchased the Krups 229 at Sam 's for less than $ 60 . The main reason we were searching for a new coffeemaker was the Mr. Coffee we had was difficult to remove the carafe without opening the filter area first . After doing research in stores for a thermal , we ran across this one at Sam 's and decided to purchase to give it a try . Boy are we glad we did ! Using French Roast Maxwell House , the coffee had n't been tasting that great in the Mr. Coffee . With the Krups , you can taste the French Roast and the fact that it is n't sitting on a warming plate burning , the coffee tastes consistant ... good to the last drop ! The timer is small but we do n't use it for a clock , just to set the timer on the coffeemaker to have the coffee fresh and hot at 5:20 when it is time to get up . The carafe keeps the coffee at a perfect temperature until I 'm ready for a cup after getting my sweetie off to work for the day .
 I am so happy I found this ! I had one of these for about 7 years . Well , I say I had one . The carafe was a little different -LRB- black -RRB- , but the rest of the unit looks identical to what I had . It finally gave out late 2010 . I have been running on my backup hunk-o-junk B&D ; for several months -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . I tried a Mr. Coffee that flooded my counter-top right out of the box ; TWO of them -LRB- I was so mad -RRB- ! I considered a much more expensive maker , but then I ran across this ! It 's the same unit , just a different -LRB- updated -RRB- carafe . I just ordered it and do n't have it yet , but I ca n't wait ! I miss that maker so much ! 1 - Affordable . 2 - Reliable . 3 - Great coffee . 4 - Super fast brew time . 5 - The thermal carafe kept my coffee hot and NOT scorched for 6 hours easy ! If this one turns out to be anywhere near as good as the one I had before , I will be beyond pleased . I will do a followup once I get this one and have used it for awhile , if I remember ... FOLLOWUP
 Got this brand as a gift several years ago and it has been brewing 2 pots a day ever since . Very reliable and good coffee from an easy to use maker .
 Wow , there has only been three previous reviews for this Krups coffee maker , the last being 2006 ... hmmm . It 's actually a great machine , I do n't know why it 's not more popular . I have had three Krups machines over the last 15 years , doing the math you see that they only last about five years each . Not too bad considering coffee every day of the year 365x5 has gotten me over 1800 days of incredible coffee from each maker . That 's 18 cents per day when I only brew one pot . This model of Krups has Flavor Release Technology . It allows hot water to saturate coffee grounds longer than traditional coffeemakers , resulting in a richer tasting , not bitter coffee , but full of robust flavor . You could n't ask for a better cup of coffee . The carafe keeps the coffee hot for at least three hours and warm for up to eight hours . Easy to fill and easy to clean , overall great machine . It finally had a stroke this past week and the heating element stays on after you shut the coffee maker off , I had to unplug it to turn it off.So after much research for a replacement , I am purchasing the Cuisinart CHW-12 12 Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System and the Cuisinart DCC-600RC 10 Cup Stainless Thermal Carafe which is also 7.8 inches tall , so it should fit properly to brew right into the metal carafe . Krups makes a great product , but I could n't pass up the features of the Cuisinart with hot water dispenser . Great for tea , hot cocoa , or oat meal , no more tea kettle on the stove . Check it out . Some of the reviews are from people who ca n't pour water into the resevoir without spilling , easy if you 're not blind , hungover , or simply impatient . Appearantly there was a problem with the water indicator which Cuisinart has since corrected . Anyway , this Krups is a great machine , but I 've found another I love better .
 These are excellent quality , thick and what I call a `` real '' washcoth not all flimsy and they seem to absorb water quite well . I would put them in the luxury category at an excellent price . Stand up well with multiple washings as well .
 I would recommend these to anyone , the price ca n't be beat . The bath towels are big and fluffy . I have several sets of colors and I am happy with all of them .
 These are great , soft and fluffy and extra large . They are a great item , buy extras , you 'll want to keep them on hand .
 all-around good quality ... for me , a like the large size of the wash cloth ... and the softness , price , and free delivey charges . I 've never been wrong shopping on-line with Amazon.com .
 Extremely soft . From the price I got , these might as well be cashmere .
 I ordered these because they were cheap , and was extremely surprised by the quality !! As an added bonus , they actually match my bathroom , a feat that had yet to be accomplished !!
 It took forever for these to get to me , but once I had them I was quite happy with them . They compare quite nicely to Macy 's `` Hotel Collection '' towels , although these might even be a bit better . I have n't washed them yet , but unless they degrade rapidly they are worth more than the $ 3 I paid for the pair .
 I did n't believe that I could get those 4 things in one package , but I am a believer , I wish these came in towels , they last through washings and only leak dye the first washing , -LRB- dark blue -RRB-
 These washcloths are very nice . They are thick and when washed the color holds . I 'm very pleased with this purchased at such a great price .
 If you get these at a discount , you 're in for a treat . they are big so you get to coevr alot of area , and then are durable . . I would recommend these to anyone thought at regular price , I would be a little taken off .
 If you get these at a discount , you 're in for a treat . they are big so you get to coevr alot of area , and then are durable . . I would recommend these to anyone thought at regular price , I would be a little taken off .
 These are really nice . Very thick and fluffy . I bought them in antique rose and have used them for about a year with no fading or lint problems . These are a very good product in this color , have n't tried the darker colors others had problems with .
 A good name brand , I would probably buy more at this price , They 're Grand .
 Soft , thick , pretty , the right size . Absorbant , luxurious . Great price , ` nuf said . Fills all the requirements .
 These washcloths are very nice . They are thick and when washed the color holds . I 'm very pleased with this purchase at such a great price .
 I 've had this coffee maker for over a year . At the time , I debated on whether or not to buy a much more expensive one . I 'm glad I did n't . This one makes great coffee , and is easy to use , program , and clean . It has gotten regular use , as my husband and I make one to two pots a day - everyday .
 great value produces an excellent cup of coffee . I bought one of these 7 years ago and replaced it with a new one . Keep it clean and it will last you a long time .
 After about 25 years , the metal body of my bathroom cabinet began to rust . This cabinet has a wood body so rust should n't be a problem .
 I 've collected kerosene lamps for years and I 've owned one of these lamps for several years as part of the collection . The quality/fit & finish of this lamp leaves something to be desired . If beauty is your primary reason for buying oil lamps , then this one is n't going to be your prized piece . It does have a rather unique `` lighthouse '' look to it but the quality of the materials used is n't the best.I also use my lamp collection for actual lighting on a romatic evening or when the power grid goes down . For practical purposes , this lamp is more durable than many other kerosene/oil lamps . The pictures speak for themselves -- the chimney ca n't fall off and wo n't be easily cracked . In comparison to other more common chimneys , the glass in this one is thicker . Also , as you can see from the photo , it 's encased in a cage . The fuel is stored safely in the base and will not leak out -LRB- unless you invert the lamp , perhaps -RRB- . The base screws off and the fuel is poured in , then the bottom of the wick is fed into the hole in the top of the base and the base is screwed back on . Once that 's done , the fuel is safely inside a steel can screwed to the bottom of the lamp -LRB- the base -RRB- . Unfortunately , there is no rubber gasket around the filler hole -LRB- which I would prefer to have -RRB- . I still have not had any oil leaks with it . The glass is held in place by an aluminum ring at the top of the lamp and it 's held firmly by a steel spring . This allows the glass to be raised for lighting the wick , then lowered down and held in place to completely encase the flame.The worst part of this whole lamp in my opinion is the ring at the very top of the lamp . It looks like it 's supposed to be a ring that you could attach some line to in order to hang the lantern . The ring is VERY soft and is also split . Any attempt to use this ring to bear the weight of this lamp would be a disasterous failure . If you replace that ring with something more reliable -LRB- like a key ring -RRB- you may be able to hang this lamp . To tear this down for cleaning , etc. -LRB- field strip -RRB- you really only need your bare hands . With one small phillips head screwdriver , you can completely disassemble this lamp into it 's many parts . It 's a pretty simple design.I have found that if you hold this lamp around the base , you can carry it around the house without getting burned , leaking any oil , or damaging the chimney . Like I said , for using around the house during a power outage , this one is reasonably safe . Unfortunately , due to the small wick and the rippled , decorative glass it 's not exceptionally bright . With the correct fuel -LRB- kerosene or Lamplight Farms Medallion lamp oil -- NOT the Ultra Pure candle oil ! -RRB- this can be about as bright as 2 candles . * NOTE
 Nice lamp for the price.A change from the old fashion hurricane lamp.The glass slides up to light the wick.Oil is stored in the bottom.Quality is OK.I would recommend it .
 I bought this lamp for Father 's Day , my dad loved it , it 's elegant , economic and brings a beautiful light all night with very low consumption of oil . Nice lamp and very functional , highly recommended !
 It worked good until it got dropped . More decretive than practical in a power failure , since the other oil lamps I have are much brighter .
 I love the metal finish . works very well , the glass is slightly wavy , making beautiful casting of the light . I have owned mine for over a year and definitely recommend it .
 I bought this lamp as light source for times when the power goes out . The build quality is not great but still better than I expected for the price . I would not recommend this for daily use or even frequent use , but it should work for occasional usage/emergency situations .
 Due to electrical problems in my house , I needed a lamp that could burn all night long so if I had to get up I would n't step on my dog ! This lamp lasts longer than 12 hours with one fill , unlike my glass-bottomed oil lamp . I am very satisfied with its staying power ! Lights up enough that I can see my entire floor , and that 's what counts . Definitely does what I need it to !
 Well priced lantern . Just be sure to start the flame low and let the glass heat up slowly before you raise the flame to prevent cracking the glass . I love the style , it goes well with my desert condo in California . I liked it so much , I ordered a second one . Very pretty and offers more light than a candle and of course , does n't extinguish as easily as it is protected by the glass . It 's easy to light .
 I love the feeling of having an &#34; old fashioned &#34; oil lamp in the house . Not only is it ascetically pleasing ; it 's functional . During a couple power outages it has most definitely come in handy !
 got one of these at my local ace hardware . I love it , have read a few complaints about the size of the flame and thought I would point out smaller flame = longer burn time . This thing sips oil and lasts well over 12 hours depending on the flame height . Also its windproof and the heat is dissipated against the roof of the metal housing making it safer to put under cabinets , window sills etc than traditional oil lamps . However , this thing is made to look indestructible but do not test it or you will be sorely disappointed . Good product with the potential to be great .
 A very nice looking oil lamp . I bought it for power outages , and have it on a shelf in my living room where it blends in with my completely non-rustic decor . A lot of oil lamps look like props in a wild west period piece , but this will fit in a more modern setting.The wick is the round type -LRB- vs flat type -RRB- . The flat ones provide more light ; I 'm not certain I could read comfortably under this light like I would under the flat wick ones I grew up with . I like how the glass is on a rail system , so it can be raised/lowered safely to provide access to the wick .
 This is a duplicate of a movie poster used in the 1940 's to advertise a `` Movie '' about Christmas in the style of the time.It will be up on a wall sometime before Christmas from now on as part of the `` Holiday Decorations '' as I look back to those days when my parents were young and attending such films and desire to keep them in my memories around the Christmas Holidays as well as create an interest in my `` Grandchildren 's '' minds at the same time.It advertised a great film that features many on site locations in New York City at that time as well as at least one segment filmed out in the Manhasset area on `` Derby Drive '' I think it was , where the original house was that they happened to pass at the end of the film and enter only to find all the little girl had asked Santa for and in addition finding his walking stick there in the house thus proving he was associated with the event and convincing the adults as well as the child in the story and particular scene . . I used to show this film to my children on `` Thanksgiving Day '' to try to keep it in time of events as an annual tradition and purchase of this poster was something I 'll throw in for the Grandchildren as I try the same idea on them now that most of them are of age to comprehend things like Movies and the people in them.Call me `` Crazy '' but the world was a better place then and I wanted all of my children and their children to know that seeing the people , cars , parades and all associated subject matter . .
 This really fine product -- and our purchase of same -- was the result of a fairly exhaustive research of the electric knife genre . We had a 2-bladed GE that served our needs for over 30 years . We expect this Farberware product to match the long-term life of its predecessor
 I have plenty of free kindling that falls from my trees , but transporting it to the fireplace is awkward . Here 's why this carrier works for that . Most log carriers have closed in ends . That 's great for logs if most are the same length , but does n't work for sticks that can be short or long and have forks and spindly ends trailing and sticking this way and that . Although I break up the sticks somewhat before bringing them in , sometimes final sizing -LRB- and breaking -RRB- takes place right at the fireplace . The open ends on this carrier are essential for my use.Although it 's only 15 '' wide and will carry several smallish logs , that width is ideal for kindling , some pieces of which are just that length or shorter , but sometimes their wild ends can be a lot longer . The carrier is quite deep however , again accommodating several logs , but lots of kindling . Sometimes I use smaller sticks for my kindling and compress a load of them in my JawHorse vice to create log-like bundles , which I wrap with twine . Bundled this way , even the small sticks provide good kindling , but they need a fair amount of space when transported because the sticks are seldom straight . Two or three of my generous bundles fit in this carrier fine even though there 's plenty of air between the bent sticks . If I 'm carrying a smaller load , I can fold the sturdy canvas over and carry it under my arm.Since my loads are not heavy , these rolled leather handles work nicely and are comfortable , but might not be as comfortable -LRB- or durable -RRB- if you 're carrying heavy logs.I do n't know that I 'd try to use this sort of carrier to carry large logs , but it would be fine for a small fireplace or fire pit and it 's working really well for me to carry kindling .
 Completely delighted . It 's very good workmanship and materials , it looks good and it 's inexpensive . It folds up small and I imagine it washes OK too.Custom LeatherCraft C390 Canvas Log Carrier
 This is a tough tote , can bring in logs or kindling , very heavy duty . No need for any other bag though I purchased one that looked heavy duty and ripped the first week . Being open ended is also a plus with differnt sized logs and kindling . Also , can bring up larger kindling from field to be broken down later , due to open ends . Easy on the hands , too .
 When I received this product , I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of materials . While the color was nice , it did n't stay clean very long , but does it matter ? The carrier prevents the mess of stray bark and wood chips flying everywhere . It is strong and large enough to carry several pieces of firewood . It is a good investment and I appreciate the simple convience of use and storage .
 I was pleasantly surprised by these , both in the durability/quality of construction , and in how well they work.I bought two of them , so I could carry a load in each hand , effectively doubling what I used to just carry on my arm . Plus , you get less dirty . : -RRB- Love the leather handles , and the canvas is quite strong/thick . Only thing I 'm pondering is a way to temporarily keep the handles together , so I can set it down to open the door without it flopping open .
 Was sick of buying a new carrier every year at the local hardware store because they always tear . This Canvas carrier is awesome - does the job and comfortably with the nice leather handles . A must for those living in the country and heating with a wood stove or fireplace .
 My Dad 's old carrier finally broke , so I bought him this one . It is well made and strong . I needed something well made for him , I did n't want something that would fall apart and he could trip on . This is a good product , he puts only about 3 pieces of wood in it as that 's all he can carry , but you could carry more in it . I would recommend this product . We received it very quickly also .
 Nice looking , very sturdy and well made , easy to use , easy to roll up and store . I needed something to tote firewood ... It handles pretty much all I want to carry in one load and it does it very well !
 Cheaper than the ones I was looking at in town . Nice constucton . Looks like it will stand the test of time .
 Good size and construction makes carrying logs in from wood pile much easier . Children are even apt to use when asked .
 My husband and I had a very hard tme finding a quality log carrier with an &#34; open &#34; design which was affordable . This met all of our needs !
 I 'm not sure what 's with some of the reviews that describe this as a cheaply made product . It 's decent quality real canvas with stitched and riveted leather handles . It 's nothing extravagant , but it 's a solidly made product at a good price . I can carry 6 average sized firewood logs no problems , and could probably carry 8 or more if I wanted to . It 's a log carrier , it looks decent and it carries logs . What else is there to know ?
 We love this little convenient log carrier . Easy to store , very durable material . It makes bringing firewood in from outside very easy .
 I do like this carrier , but it is small . I had hoped it would be about 6-8 '' longer than what it is . But this sure beats carrying it all in my arms . I think this is a fair piece for the price , but I would have paid a few buck more for a longer piece of canvas !
 This canvas log carrier does the job . I have used it to carry upwards to eight logs at a time . It holds them securely & feels very comfortable in the hand . It seems to be very durable . I gave it four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stars and not five -LRB- 5 -RRB- because of the color . Since the color is white it gets pretty dirty from carrying the logs . I wish they made this product in a darker color . But despite the color , I highly recommend this log carrier .
 I am over 70 years old and I wanted a strong but lightweight log carrier . This was perfect . I wish I had ordered 2 so I could interchange them with the chopped log pile and stacked log pile . Leather handle and fasteners are strong . One review said that the carrier was too short , but I find it satisfactory , the logs do stick out a bit but so what !
 These log carriers were exactly how described . They are a sturdy product and do hold a good amount of logs . We have used both of them and have been very happy with the results .
 This log carrier is sturdy and holds an armful of wood . The seller is good too .
 Very well made and sturdy . Very useful for transporting wood from the outside to inside . Durable canvas . My husband just love it and uses it everyday !
 This log carrier is helpful in the way that it takes your armload of wood out in front of you and lowers it below your center of gravity which is easier on your back and helps with your balance especially if conditions are slippery . The only downside is that when left on the floor , my cats like to pee on it : /
 Stop looking ! This is it ! This is by far the most durable Canvas Log Carrier I have ever used .
 The product is fine and it got here promptly . But I was surprised and disappointed to see the made in China label . Aside from that , it has held up very well . We have used it daily several months of the year , for almost 4 years now . Great value for the money .
 I chose this product for the quality of canvas and the robust handles . I was NOT disappointed ! The carrier arrived earlier than expected and so far has held up to many , many trips of firewood fetching without even a hint of damage or ` wear and tear . ' The canvas is thick and reminds me of old-fashion canvas camping tents and Army surplus gear . The handles are firm , made of leather , and are attached to the canvas with sturdy rivets . Absolutely nothing on this log carrier feels cheap or of poor quality . The only thing that would make this product even better is if it came with a base or frame of some sort ; however , even without it , it 's a fantastic purchase . I would recommend this product to others .
 Our only heat source is our fireplace so I carry quite a bit of wood over the cold months . Just bought this a month ago to replace my old one and it is working well . I prefer to make as few trips as possible up our front steps and this carrier is large enough to handle about as much wood as I can comfortably carry . Good product at a good price .
 Seems to be very well built . It is the perfect size for hauling a 8 hour supply of wood for my wood burning insert . I haul 20 '' logs up the steps with little effort . I am very happy with my purchase . Lets see how many years it lasts ...
 Was pleasantly surprised at the quality considering I almost bought one for $ 60.00 . Great for lugging wood from the outdoors to the fireplace.Delivery was even one day early .
 But I decided to open the package anyway . It looked way smaller in the package than it actually was . I did n't realize it was folded in such a way to reduce the apparent size . Once I opened it , I was quite relieved , it holds a LOT of wood !! Hopefully it will last a while .
 This log carrier works perfectly . Sturdy canvas and rivited suede leather handles that are holding up well . Sized right for hauling an evenings worth of firewood into the house , and fits right into our log bin without having to handle the logs a second time .
 I 've used this several times to carry hardwood logs that equal appx . 40 ~ 60 # -LRB- pounds -RRB- per load . No problems yet , and I 've hauled about 25 loads across a 75 foot expanse from the log pile to the bottom of the stairs . Then hauled the load up the 15 stairs to my upstairs LR and FP . Totally happy with this , as long as it does n't just ` blow apart ' after a few uses . I see NO REASON to think there could exist a future problem ! Stitching looks solid and it carries theloads I 've subjected it to flawlessly . I am getting another so I can haul 2 up the steps at onetime . As long as it 's THE SAME ONE I got , Buy It
 I use this to carry hay from the barn out to the feeder for my horse ... it works great on a windy day at feeding time .
 I have wanted a log carrier like this for a long time to use to store my hammock and works perfectly . I have a traditional hammock with wooden spreaders . I like to store my hammock when it is not being used , I hate leaving it up all the time because inevitably when I go to lay in it , it 's a little damp . Using a log carrier to store the hammock up off the ground is a perfect solution . Just put a screw in the wall of my shed and now the hammock is high and dry . As far as the log carrier , I will say that when it arrives it looks small , but that is because of the packaging . When I opened the package ... it looked much bigger than I pictured ; though it is the perfect size for my needs . The handles do not feel all that sturdy , but the canvas body sure does . If you are going to use this for traditional uses , keep in mind that the handles may not be able to carry a full load . Other than that , it 's a great purchase for the price .
 This item is perfect for carrying wood . It is of stout canvas , and the handles are easy on the hands and well attached . It is a good deal and a good tool .
 Has n't broken after quite a few heavy loads . Seems to be holding up fine . No problems with the quality from my standpoint
 works as expected and of nice quality well worth price others were more expensive but funtionality of this is good
 My husband says it 's excellent ! Well made , nice strong handles and very durable . It most definitely beats using a tie down strap to haul wood ! Wo n't be without one !
 This carrier is quite durable , with a reasonably high capacity . I believe it to be well worth the asking price . I was originally worried that the connection of the leather handle to the rest of the wrap may be easily broken . I learned later that each handle is held on by 6 metal bits which seem very well faceted . There is really nothing I can think to complain about in this simple and useful product .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to carry firewood for a patio fireplace . The leather handles are well attached to sturdy canvas , and it is sized to carry a generous load of wood .
 I have been using this log carrier for several weeks now and am very happy with the quality . The canvas is very sturdy and the leather handles are securely fastened to the canvas . Carrying wood from the woodpile to the house has been made so much easier and more comfortable when using this log carrier .
 Works well and holds a lot of our wood . Handle is convenient to carry logs . Material is strong enough . I like it .
 good quality holds all the wood you can carry with one arm , I do not have eight more words to say about this product
 This is a great tote for firewood . Was a little concerned about its size when I opened the box but it was folded and opened up to a nice size . I have moved 8 large pieces of wood with little effort !
 high quality canvas , well stitched and riveted leather straps . Simple and effective . I would recommend this for anyone who wants to carry more than an armload of wood .
 Custom LeatherCraft C390 Canvas Log Carrier is excellent very pleased with quality and is just the right size and hold the proper amount of wood . Thanks
 We use a wood stove -LRB- Lopi Leyden -RRB- all winter as our only heat . We use a lot of wood , and this carrier is really great . We can haul a nights worth of wood in one load , and the carrier is well made , durable , and a must for people with wood stove or a fire place that you use regularly .
 I was a bit skeptical upon ordering this log carrier , as it was `` cheap '' in price ... so I thought ` you get what you pay for . ' BUT I took the plunge and this thing is a well made , sturdy piece of canvas that has certainly given me my money 's worth . In reviews I read prior to buying , some people said it was too small . I think it 's just right for carrying an armload of wood , which is really all you need at one time anyway . I love it and am very happy with my purchase !
 This log carrier is perfect for us , we are now able to carry plenty of logs for a fire without getting all dirty and tracking dirt and wood through the house . For the price , this has been great and we will get a lot of use out of it .
 The obvious statement first
 The log carrier is just what I ordered . My son is delighted with it , once he realized it was n't a purse .
 This is a great log carrier , and the price is really good . At first , it looks too small to carry any logs but it carries lots of logs as long as you can lift them .
 This is an item I should have purchased years ago ! This particular product is very good quality heavy duty canvas with suede leather handles . The handles are riveted to the canvas body which is trimmed with heavy stitching . I was a little concerned about the size based on some of the reviews , but I found the size to be perfect . I have a standard size fireplace , so I do not have oversized firewood . This carrier is just right ! This item is manufactured in China -LRB- like everything else -RRB- ... too bad we do n't make a product of this quality at this price here in the USA !
 This is my second purchase of this item , both are very well made , and work just right for carrying my wood in from outside . Highly recommended .
 High quality and very durable fabric . It is exactly what I was looking for and I would highly recommend it .
 I love the price and the look . The quality appears to be good but we only used it for a few times so far .
 This is a quality product . It is just the right size to bring in enough wood without ` overloading ' yourself . It is wide enough . The leather handles are comfortable and long enough to carry the load easily . It also lays out well on the floor to hold all the chips without getting them on your flooring . Stitching is good . Quality of canvas is good .
 The carrier is sturdy canvas and the handles are securely attached . Well made product and just what I was looking for ; larger than I expected and really perfect for what i needed .
 Holds just the right amount of wood . Makes carrying wood easy and convenient . Exactly what i ordered . This is one happy customer .
 Item was rec 'd quickly and is just as promised . Works well and can handle a load that is perfect for what one person can carry . Happy with the product and seller and would recommend !
 I was worried that this would be too small , but when filled to the gills , it is about as much weight as I can comfortably carry from the wood shed to the stove with one hand , maybe around 25-30 lbs.I lay it out across the wood pile and load it like a jigsaw puzzle till I have a round bundle where the handles barely close . Then spill it in the woodbox from one end unrolling the pile . Works like a charm and while takes me several trips , its easier than using the wheelbarrow.Great ideal , and so cheaply simple .
 This log carrier was n't as big as I wanted , but after using this tote , I can say it works great . any bigger and I could n't carry it . Built heavy enough to probably last for years . House stays cleaner as well . I would recommend this carrier .
 We had a carrier from LLBean , and had search for another and finally found the next best thing !!! This carrier is only 1 '' smaller all the way around -LRB- we had repaired our old LLBean carrier so still had it to compare -RRB- , and made just as well . The straps are actually sewn more securely on our new one !! We ordered 2 for fear we would never find this carrier again !! Very very satisfied !!!!
 My dad is always carrying the wood into the house in his arms and getting wood chips all over the place . This is a great carrier for the wood/logs , and is made very well ! It seems like it will last for a long time and has great construction !
 I looked everywhere for a carrier that would be sturdy yet not heavy and clumsy . This fit the bill and the recipient loved it . Just the right size .
 The LeatherCraft C390 is a quality log carrier with good stitching and sturdy handles . Like some other reviewers have noted , the width of the carrier is a little small -LRB- logs may hang off sides -RRB- but the length of the canvas is good . The size for me is generally just right and I can get 5-8 logs into the carrier depending on log size -LRB- 5 large or 8 average pieces -RRB- . I did not have a problem with logs tipping or falling out . Once you have it full and pick it up , the canvas wraps tightly around the load . Thus far , the carrier has lasted one season and I would imagine that it will be around for awhile longer . The canvas has not torn at all and is holding up well . Recommended .
 Bought this to tote firewood and am quite happy with the purchase . Sturdy canvas with leather handles riveted to it . It 's well constructed and a good size to carry enough split wood for 1-2 fires -LRB- 8 pieces of wood , give or take . -RRB- Easy to shake out when you 're done . Well made and it does what it is supposed to . Ca n't ask for more .
 This item is sturdy , and does what it 's supposed to do ; it helps you lug wood . Being canvas , it probably picks up more dirt than the leather version , but you ca n't beat it for the price !
 I am a middle aged small female . I can physically carry about six split pieces of wood at a time , which fits nicely in the carrier so the handles meet . I attached photos if you want to see the size of the carrier next to my log rack . It may not be adequate for a larger or stronger person . My husband fills the carrier nearly twice the amount , and holds it wide open . I 'm very happy with how well it has held up to a month of lugging up to three loads a day . The handles are solidly attached to the canvas.I am also a seamstress and I priced out how much it would cost for me to make this carrier . The suede leather handles themselves would have cost three bucks more than the price of this whole carrier . Not to mention the rivet kit I would have to buy . So this carrier is real bargain , in my book ! Five stars !
 Almost too handsome to be used for logs ... wonderfully constructed!Fast delivery , also .
 Purchased this for my husband , after he purchased a wood `` parlor stove '' . We live on the second floor , so he needed something to bring wood upstairs that was easy to handle . He loves it ! A great product at a fantastic price .
 Sturdy , durable and a great value ! Looked at a bunch of log carriers , some as much as $ 125 ! This one is great !
 I was looking for a split wood carrier to use with our enclosed fireplace unit . This is a well made canvas carrier and has been serving its purpose quite well .
 Not using this myself , but it was a perfect gift for the owner of a vacation home in the mountains and was much appreciated !
 Does the trick bringing wood inside . Just enough room for a load that I can carry . It fits in my wood holder by the fireplace . Nice heavy canvas .
 I bought this one because of the leather straps , I had one that had the nylon stapes and they frayed and broke . This one looks really sturdy . I hope it last !
 This canvas carrier is wonderful strong and durable . Makes carring wood so much easier . Handles are leather and comfortable . Great product .
 Just saw similar item for literall 3 x the money . This is perfect size . Seems well made . Color me happy
 It 's thick , sturdy , stitched well and very easy to use . I highly recommend . Makes carrying a huge load possible . A +
 Very well made at a fair price . Finally a log carrier that is both useful and well made . I can carry a full stove full of wood with this carrier and it does not rip or distort it 's shape . It is constructed with first rate materials , and is large enough to carry enough wood to fill our Vermont Stove Works Defiant stove in two trips , and that stove holds a lot of wood . It also looks good enough that I can hang it on my log/tool holder near the stove and the wife will not tell me to go put that thing up somewhere , the leather is nicely tanned , the stitching is first rate , and the canvas is good quality too . This carrier looks nice , and works great , is solid and has comfortable grips . A good value for the this price .
 Having read the other reviews , I was ready for the size and do n't mind it at all . The width is adequate , I do n't care if wood sticks out a little on each end . It would be nice if it were longer so I could hold more logs . If you do n't want a heavy load to carry then you would n't want more anyway . I 'm satisfied with this item , it does the job well and did n't cost very much .
 I had seen these items for years but thought a frivolous purchase but OH how I could have saved my back and my lovely light colored carpet from the mess of bringing in logs from the outside ... a wonderful product ... heavy duty , strong and the leather strap handles are not only very sturdy and functional but lovely to look at ... I highly recommend this item
 This is a really tough carrier . Well made . It allows me to bring quite a few logs in at a time . Most of the mess stays in the carrier . I just empty it outside . I wish it were just a little wider to be able to fit longer logs .
 Does the job quite nicely . Should last fairly long as it seems like it 's of durable construction .
 I was tired of the mess and scratches on my arms from carrying wood and hoped something would make a differance.This product is super and should last -- very pleased with the product and the support
 I had been looking for another log carrier for 2 years since the movers lost the one I had that fit on my log stand . It works great for carring wood in from the stack .
 I purchased the canvas log carrier to transport firewood from the outside in to my home.I found the product to be study , made of durable canvas . I also found that the handle has rivets that attach it to the carrier , which I think adds to it sturdiness.It hold 7 - 8 good size logs easily.Good price for a good product .
 This carrier was on sale and a nice little carrier for the money . It wo n't hold a lot of wood , but it is made well and even looks nice .
 Log carrier is exactly as described . Strong and well constructed . Strongly recommend it .
 I needed a couple of mattress pads for our household 's beds -LRB- one a brand new memory foam/latex bed , the other an older spring coil model -RRB- and this one seemed to fit the bill . I was expecting something fairly basic for the price , especially compared to the numerous other offerings that cost much more.I was surprised at how GREAT these pads are.On our new bed -LRB- memory foam/latex -RRB- , the pad merely added to the comfort and has provided great moisture protection . The Teflon coating works great . Spilled water merely wet the sheet with little if any penetration to the mattress pad itself.On the older bed -LRB- coil spring -RRB- , the pad practically made the bed into a pillow-top - maybe not quite that luxurious , but close . It was like sleeping on a completely different and measurably more comfortable bed.I 'd recommend these for anybody , but especially if you 'd like to give an older bed a noticable makeover . The moisture protection is awesome and they are very comfortable . I ca n't speak for the more expensive mattress pads , but I definitely ca n't see how I 'd be any happier spending twice as much .
 While the air mattresses we use are very comfortable , they can be very cold to sleep on . These mattress pads are a perfect thickness to keep you warm and comfortable . The material has a great feel to it , and is n't made of the usual waterproof material that makes noise when you move . They 're great for the air mattress and would be great for any bed . If using for an air mattress , however , get one size larger for a good fit .
 I needed a couple of mattress pads for our household 's beds -LRB- one a brand new memory foam/latex bed , the other an older spring coil model -RRB- and this one seemed to fit the bill . I was expecting something fairly basic for the price , especially compared to the numerous other offerings that cost much more.I was surprised at how GREAT these pads are.On our new bed -LRB- memory foam/latex -RRB- , the pad merely added to the comfort and has provided great moisture protection . The Teflon coating works great . Spilled water merely wet the sheet with little if any penetration to the mattress pad itself.On the older bed -LRB- coil spring -RRB- , the pad practically made the bed into a pillow-top - maybe not quite that luxurious , but close . It was like sleeping on a completely different and measurably more comfortable bed.I 'd recommend these for anybody , but especially if you 'd like to give an older bed a noticable makeover . The moisture protection is awesome and they are very comfortable . I ca n't speak for the more expensive mattress pads , but I definitely ca n't see how I 'd be any happier spending twice as much .
 This is a very nice mattress pad . I think it 's an excellent buy because for this price , no other pad has the teflon protection . Delivery was fast . I 've been using it but have not tested the waterproof feature . I 'm very satisfied .
 I was afraid that the teflon treatment on this item might make it uncomfortable to lie on . I was pleased to find that the pad was of first-class quality and extremely comfortable . I recommend this item without qualification .
 I 've had this mattress pad for a few weeks , and I 'm happy with this purchase . It compares to those expensive bedding items .
 I have bought several cheaper pads and have been disappointed . They usually shrink in the wash and rip as I try to put them on our mattress . This one is perfect . I have washed it several times , and it has not shrunk significantly . It fits our bed perfectly , and every time I climb into bed , I am reminded of the beds in some of the luxuriously soft beds in some of the hotels and inns we 've stayed in . I could n't be a more satisfied customer !
 The teflon worked very well on some possible permanent monthly stains . The edges are not cheap synthetic material so I doubt my fingers will poke through it any time soon when stretching it onto the mattress -LRB- like my last pad -RRB- . My only issue is that since my mattress itself is nylon on its cover , the pad tends to feel slippery underneath the sheets . When I turn , it also slides a bit . With the right texture mattress cover , I think it would be fine . For the price , I will live with it and be happy I bought this pad . *** new addition *** 9 mos . later still going strong ! I stumble on my old review here and thought I would update .
 Had bought other airtight containers but the bugs in Hawaii got in , but these containers are airtight and my rice and flour products are safe .
 All were airtight except the largest one seemed a bit looser . However , not loose enough to go through the return process .
 I love my smaall canisters . Just the right size for two . The air tight closing with the colored handles add to thhe decor in the kitchen .
 The canisters are great , air tight as described and they have a nice appearance as well .
 Bought these as a gift and my daughter says they are exactly what she wanted . Both durable & attractive . Exactly as advertised . Another winner for Amazon !
 Very easy to lift the rubber ring and detach the male coupling on the hose . No leaking . Well made . Great product .
 This is the kind of product that makes me wonder why I had never used it before . It makes connecting to a hose so simple and quick . Very convenient . Male and female connection .
 These a real brass fittings , unlike the cheap fake looking brass one can pick up at Walmart . They are worth the price . Good quality .
 I have one of these on each spray nozzle that I own so it is easy to change nozzles in a few seconds by popping one off and another on . If a rubber washer is used , there is no leaking from this connector . It is extremely easy to use . I also recommend a piece of teflon tape around the threaded areas to prevent a corrosion / chemical reaction and fusion when the different metals touch water and each other.There are two kinds of these connectors by Gilmour . The real brass connectors are excellent and get a 5 star . The `` metal '' connectors are horrible and get a 1 star . I did get some from Lowes , and there seems to be a problem with corrosion since they are `` metal '' -LRB- aluminum -RRB- and not brass . The problem here is over a small amount of time -LRB- months -RRB- , water hardness deposits and corrosion prevent the connector from locking into place with the female . The smoothness of operation that it started out with , becomes rough , and a struggle over time . STAY AWAY FROM THE `` METAL '' ONES AND ONLY GO WITH THE TRUE BRASS ONES !!! I found an interchangeable solid brass connector like this at Ace HardwareACE BRASS QUICK CONNECTOR SET , also made by Gilmour that even has an automatic shutoff built in ! I also give that one a 5 star rating because you do not even have to shut off the hose to change between nozzles . You can use regular Gilmour males with Ace Hardware females interchangeably . If you are going to fill buckets , I recommend this regular Gilmour brass connector , as opposed to that one , since that has the automatic shutoff feature which wo n't let you fill the bucket without a spray nozzle .
 The Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set works great . I have several sets of them , and they all perform flawlessly . They are quick and easy to install , and not one of them leaks , even though I hand tighten them only . They make it very quick and simple to connect/disconnect a garden hose or other attachments . The Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set is one of the most useful garden hose accessories I have fond so far.To make the disconnect easier , always relieve the water pressure first . After turning the hose off , I give the nozzle lever a squeeze . No water has ever come out of the nozzle , but it does make it easier to pull back on the release ring.Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set
 i was skeptical about these , but i tried them anyway . glad i did.i was worried that they may affect the water pressure somehow , and my worries were unfounded . these things are great . i 'm using them for everything.the only problem is that you will realize how many of them you actually need , and you 'll buy a lot of them.FYI , i was able to pick up the male + female connector set at lowe 's for around $ 6 -LRB- HD does n't carry this brand -RRB- . you may want to check there first before ordering here . but as far as the product itself goes , it 's top notch .
 very good product . Best I have found for quick disconnect . Engineering and manufacturing donenicely .
 I have about 5 sets of these for each hose at my house as well as my Gilmour foam gun , AR pressure washer , CR Spotless , and a couple of hose nozzles . The brass is strong , the mechanics are crisp , and the rubber gives excellent impact protection . The only thing you will be replacing from this equation is the o-rings every year or so , depending on use . This set will make your life a whole lot easier , and no more struggling in trying to loosen or tighten the hose from the house .
 It never occurred to me that something so simple would make such a big difference in the ease of lawn maintenance . Breaking down my sprinklers used to be my favorite excuse to not mow the lawn or wash the car , but these make it so much easier . I got one for every fitting I use ; sprinklers , spray nozzles , water toys , soaker hoses , there 's nothing these do n't make much easier to relocate and manage.No leaks , real brass , easy to use = No complaints .
 Much better quality than `` box store '' items . We have a number of different brands and this is absolutely the best . Even the washer and the rubber grips are of a better quality . Good price . Excellent quality . Fast shipping . As advertised . Worked as expected . Also , this style has no automatic shutoff valve which we prefer and makes it easier to drain hoses .
 I had the Plastic connectors but they do n't last that is why i changed to these . Lowe 's and Home Depot only had the ones with the built in shut off and i wanted one that did n't . This was the only place that had them , price was good and they work great . Do n't waste your time with the plastic one , just pay the little extra and buy these because they will last .
 Product works fine but be careful if you buy it from Lowe 's ; they recently changed from brass to `` Metal . '' The weight is 20 % less and I did not buy them . Pay the shipping and get the brass . Got 12 sets from Geroy and the price was only $ 88.16 , including shipping . Well worth it .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet as it 's a quick-connector set.If you 're not familiar with Gilmour , they make high-end , professional , industrial type fittings , hoses , farming and garden equipment . These quick connector adaptors are no exception . They are heavy duty , crush resistant -LRB- proof ? -RRB- , and have rubberized surfaces to assist in tightening the connection . High quality o-rings and solid brass ball-bearings provide for a leak-free quick-connection . Save yourself the shipping -LRB- or price `` surcharge '' by Amazon -RRB- and pick this one up at Lowes locally for under $ 6 . Beware , these are BRASS fittings , so there is always a lead hazard associated with them . Please , DO NOT DRINK from your garden hose !
 Excellent quality connector set ! Aside from being all brass and made to last , these Gilmour connectors ended up my choice because of the black rubber around the exterior . Although they are described to help with gripping -LRB- they do -RRB- , I like them because they also protect the connector when you reel your hose in as well as protect the floor . I have a hose outlet located in the interior of my garage , where I also have the rapid reel set up . The floor is epoxy coated so I do not worry about the brass connectors scratching and or chipping the paint when I reel my hose back in .
 This Gilmour brass quick connector is made in China . As with other Gilmour products it has a warning that it contains a chemical known by the state of California to cause cancer . That is nothing new about China using dangerous chemicals . On the good news side the parts of the connector that are handled have a rubber cover which hopefully is safe.I have been using the plastic quick connectors and they have worked well but I just wanted to see how a brass one would perform . The main difference that I have noticed is that the plastic ones are easier to connect and disconnect . However , both types provide satisfactory performance and do not leak . The main difference is that the plastic Gardena connectors that I have been using cost about half the amount of the brass Gilmour . The Gardena connectors are made in Germany .
 Absolutely necessary in the winter when you need to use hoses daily and drain them daily to prevent freezing . Saves a lot of time .
 great product . make sure you buy enough male adapters for your other nozzles , sprayers , etc. to save on shipping costs .
 I have so many hoses and sprinkling devices that I could not possibly be without these . The brass ones have lasted a very long time and are my preferred choice . Now that Gilmour has added a rubber piece around them , they are even better.MBC
 I purchased one of these for each of our hose hook-ups at the suggestion of my `` handy-man '' dad . He was impressed with the quality , ease of installation , and ease of use . So was I !! These are so user-friendly , and will help my professional grade hoses as the weather starts to fluctuate below freezing at times . -LRB- I bought some for my dad too !! -RRB-
 Chunk those cheap plastic connectors and save tempers . I could have used several sets of these years ago ; however , today one is sufficient for present needs . I use teflon tape to assure 100 % drip-less action and now can disconnect our hose with ease and speed . Gilmour makes life so much simpler when all parts work well and last far longer than the plastic ones . Additionally , this connector set is a no issue set . Put it on the bib and forget about it . When winter comes it will stay in place and be ready for use in the spring . I highly recommend and will buy another as soon as I get a new connector elsewhere .
 I am using this connector to connect a 6 foot hose that runs from the outside spigot to the edge of a flower bed to the connecting hose on my portable hose reel . My goal was to be able to keep my reel in the garage and just carry it out and easily connect it to the water source when needed . I 've had it for a little over a month and have used it just about every other day since we are in a drought . It has performed perfectly and continues to do so . There is no wear and tear at this point and it connects and disconnects easily .
 Ordered 5 , billed for 5 , but only received 4 in the package ; Otherwise , Package arrived promptly though . Also , only 2 of the items were attached to the cardboard packaging while the other 2 were just loose in the box . There were 5 cardboard package cards in the box but only 4 complete sets of the item ordered . A little quality control issue it appears .
 Gilmour comes through again . These are the best hose connectors I have ever used and I have used quite a few . While the initial price seems spendy , it will be a long time before they need replacement . And , the black collar is a most helpful bonus . Gilmour replaced a hose for me recently -LRB- leaked at fitting -RRB- with no problems at all . I 'm a fan of their reliable products .
 This is a car enthusiast dream come true . When it comes to cleaning my truck I have different attachments that I use during the wash -LRB- foam blaster , extension washer , and a spray nozzle -RRB- . having this product with the addition of a shutoff valve made by the same company makes it so easy to go from one attachment to the other . Oh and did I mention there are no leaks ! Great product , must have , and highly recommended .
 I have found these connectors to be a very good product that works very well . It comes in two parts - the female connector , which is screwed to the male end of the hose , and the male connector , which is screwed to a nozzle or sprinkler -LRB- or other hose accessory -RRB- . They snap together easily and work just fine.Be aware though that they are designed to be hand tightened ONLY . In fact , they feature round rubber grips at the ends that can only be tightened by hand . The grips are not very secure to grip and slip if you try to tighten them well . If you tighten them with pliers they WILL leak . Nevertheless , in practice , I found that if they are hand tightened they work just fine.I especially like the female connector because when screwed on to the male hose end it protects the male threads that would otherwise be exposed . If and when I ever drop that end of the hose there is no possibility of the male end of the hose being damaged because the female connector covers the male threads.Also , the rubber grips help to protect any object or surface it might accidently come into contact with -LRB- e.g. , the body of a car -RRB- . I also like the fact that they do NOT have an auto shut off feature . Some others on the market , such as the Orbits I found at Home Depot , have this feature incorporated into the female connectors . I did not want the auto shut off feature because I prefer to keep everything fully open when I am finished to completely drain off any water that is present anywhere.My only substantive criticism of this set is that they work best at the hose/nozzle end and not at the spigot/hose cock end . Why ? Because if you use them at the hose cock end then the male connector would have to be screwed into the hose end . The problem , as I see it , is that when the hose is disconnected a bare metal male connector is exposed and this could scratch or bang against other objects and surfaces if you ever let go of the end of the hose , such as when you are coiling the hose up . However all the brass hose connector sets on the market seem to have this characteristic.My solution was to buy a separate Gilmour plastic connector set that works the other way around - male screwed to the spigot and female to the hose end - to avoid the possibility of the exposed male end being damaged.The bottom line is that I have had no problems with the brass Gilmour hose connector set whatsoever and I highly recommend them -LRB- with the caveats mentioned above -RRB- . P.S. I have bought additional single male connectors -LRB- # 09QCMGF -RRB- , which are sold separately , to screw into various hose nozzles . Curiously the male connectors sold separately are slightly darker and much heavier then the male connector that comes with the set . Perhaps they are solid brass and the lighter one that comes with the set is brass plated only . Either one works just fine though .
 I have tried just about ever quick connect on the market . Up until now I have hated them all . They have all been just junk , leaky , hard to use , flimsy . Once I hooked these up there are no leaks . They feel very sturdy and I believe they will last a long time . I just started using them about a week ago so I can tell you how they will be as time goes on . They seem super strong so I am encouraged that they will last a long time . I do not think I will ever purchase a different type .
 I bought two sets -LRB- and one additional attachment adaptor - `` male '' -RRB- for my mom 's 70th birthday . Twisting and tightening hose attachments was becoming too hard on her hands and made her frustrated . This product has made switching between hose attachments do-able , again . After testing the connector sets at my own home , I bought two more sets and three additional attachment adaptors for myself . I figured why add wear and tear on my hands .
 Gilmour makes the best quick disconnect product on the market . I have used several other brands , but none match Gilmour . The rubber grips are a plus . Amazon has an excellent price . My local hardware store price is twice as much as Amazon . I would recommend Gilmour over any other brand .
 I 'm not a fan of plastic parts , especially for a valves and connectors . I 'm very happy finding a model made from brass . The rubber that is on this model gives you a little extra grip to make the connection , and also protects the brass from banging on hard ground . Easy to use , no leaks . Very happy with it .
 WHAT CAN I SAY , I INSTALLED THEM AND THEY WORKED GREAT . MUCH BETTER THAN TAKING THEM ON AND OFF THE HOSE EVERY TIME . THANKS
 Got tired of taking / unscrewing and screwing hoses on our outlets . I 'd messed up a couple of hose ends because the threads got crossed , so decided to try the quick-connects . These save me a ton of time when I need to move a hose or change where I need water , and I 've not had to replace one hose end since I started using them . My only complaint is that I 've had a couple that do n't form a tight seal and I get a few drips of water when I turn the hydrant on , but it 's not enough to cause a problem . Also , you 've got to be sure you get the connection tight and locked or you 'll get a bath , but in 100 + degree weather , that 's not such a bad thing .
 The product feels really solid . I hooked it up and there are no leaks at all . It is so easy to remove the hose nozzle now without disrupting the rubber washer .
 Solid connections , do not leak and should last a lifetime . I have several of these in use throughout my property .
 I am a follower of Cook 's Illustrated and they recommended the farberware toaster and so when my daughter said her toaster broke I ordered it and she says it is the best toaster she ever had . It browns evenly on both sides and does an excellent job of toasting bagels also . She has had toasters that cost alot more over the years and this is the one that rates the highest for all her toasting needs.Mary
 Very Nice ! Great for slicing your own homemade bread , fits into holes and toasts evenly .
 I love this toaster ! I could n't have picked a better toaster for the money . It heats evenly & clean-up is a snap !
 toaster is ` cool ' touch and am happy with that . only downside is that when it ` ejects ' it really pops ` out ' of the toaster . All in all though it it an OK toaster . Better than others that I 've had .
 I got this recomendation from cooks illustrated as well . perfect toast . period .
 Bought this toaster because it was the highest rated toaster by Cooks Illustrated/America 's Test Kitchen . I have never been steered the wrong way by their reviews . This toaster is no exception , it toasts very evenly and has a handy and effective defrost button that can turn frozen bread into perfect toast witht he press of a button .
 My old toaster was one of the `` high-end '' variety - it cost me more than twice what this one did and yet it never really toasted bread correctly . Sometimes the toast was lighter on one side than the other . This one does the job and without the high price tag . Love it !
 GReat Toaster ! Just what I wanted and the price I wanted to pay .
 This is finally a toaster that we like . Easy to use and presents a great product outcome . Would buy again .
 Toasts well from light to dark , and the sides stay fairly cool .
 This is the best toaster I have ever had . It toasts bagels and bread evenly and the bagels never get stuck in the slots . I would buy this toaster again .
 I would like to order 3 more sets ; however , not at the new price . 35 % higher
 This is the most elegant holiday china . Your table will be stunning . Washes beautifully in the dishwasher on the delicate setting.I have the `` eternal '' lenox china with the gold rim so I mix and match the two for large parties .
 I did not know that the Lenox Holiday China came in platinum until I visited the website to price the gold holiday china . When I saw the platinum I immediately said this is the trim I really wanted . My regular china is by Lenox and it also has a platinum trim along with my crystal that has a platinum trim so I was thrilled to see the platinum . This fit my table setting perfectly . I did n't have to change out my crystal . The price was very reasonable , nearly half price from what I had been looking at from other sites -LRB- gold trim -RRB- . I ordered six 5-piece place settings and the china arrived in a little over a week , very impressed with that .
 I purchased two of these frames to hang over my bed . They are beautiful , high-quality frames , and it was difficult finding this size in the store .
 LOVE this Bed Comforter Set ! It is really beautiful and wears EXTREMELY well ! Great price and I looked all over before I found the BEST price on amazon.com !
 This mirror is an excellent purchase . It has a nice heavy weight stand of shiny chrome and a huge mirror with magnifying side on reverse when you flip it . This is exactly what I wanted to be able to do the back of my hair every day !
 Bought a similar product from a different vendor - big mistake . Should know better and stick with Amazon vendors from the beginning . Item was received ahead of schedule , was in good condition when received , and was easy to assemble . Would buy from this vendor again .
 Imperial 707C 10 '' Adjustable Chrome Floor Mirror 40-70 `` This is an a great mirror for doing your hair or makeup . I use it everyday and have given them as Christmas gifts .
 This makes a terrific wedding present . These glass art pieces make terrifc gifts .
 I purchased this item as a wedding gift for my son and daughter-in-law . They were ecstatic about the beauty , meaning and timelessness of the piece . I believe the price-point value for this is incredible . As gifts go , one can hardly purchase anything that could be more personal , beautiful and heartfelt as these art blessings .
 These stands are very nice . The long pipe could be just a little bit thicker . The bottom stand is heavy enough and they hold speakers very well . Very easy to assemble and mount speakers . I felt one of the assembly pieces did not tighten enough so called the company and they sent a new piece immediately . Seller purchased from was great and fast on delivery.Vantage Point SSH-40SS H-series Speaker Stands
 I purchasd the coffee mug from Amzon and the service was great . The mug arrived intact and it looked just like the picture . I still use it on a regulr basis and would reccomend that anyone buy it . GO FALCONS !! RISE UP !!!!!
 Value has different meaning for different people . It appears that many reviewers had premium expectations from this set , while paying only a basic price . Then they were disappointed that they did not get the deal-of-the-century . The set is targeted for people with modest budgets . The kind of people who either buy from , or check out , the dollar-store type businesses . Those stores usually carry 20-piece sets , Service for 4 . This set is much better than the ones that sell for $ 9.99 , and not as good as the ones that sell for $ 19.99 . Fits somewhere in the middle , around $ 14.99 . Those prices are for 20-piece sets . This is a 40 +8 piece set , making it a far better value . I paid $ 9 , which , of course , is even better than $ 15 . So buy this knowing what you are paying for.In my experience , this set would/should easily sell for $ 30 , except for one caveat , which no one has mentioned . While amazon correctly describes it as a 40-piece set , with bonus 8 teaspoons , the box itself indicates 8 SOUP spoons . Either a manufacturing error , or a printing error . Because of this , the set ca n't be marketed in a regular store . Or at least ca n't be marketed at a regular price.Lastly , the weight and strength are reasonably good for this price range . The finish is not ultra-shiny -LRB- mirror - or satin-finish -RRB- , as some sets are . This is because it is 18/0 and not 18/10 or 18/8 . It is by no means dull either . More like a brushed-finish . Closer in look to new , shiny iron , as opposed to chrome that some seem to expect .
 I bought this set a few months ago for around $ 20 , and I am happy with it . It does what it is meant for . I also do n't understand all the negative comments given the price/value ratio for such an item . If you desire higher quality , than spend more money ! If you need a good cheap set , this will do .
 I do n't know what people are complaining about . It was a nine dollar set ! Sure it 's not the best flatware set I 've ever owned , but it 's great to have more than four forks in a set and to have not wasted a bunch of cash on everyday ware . It holds up to everything I cook and far better than plasticware .
 I purchased this flatware as a replacement set . It is pleasing to use this flatware and I have had no problems with it warping in the dishwasher .
 I ordered this set for my 20 year old son for his first apartment . It 's perfect . Obviously , for the price , not extremely high quality but definitely sufficient for everyday use . Overall we were very , very pleased .
 I do n't understand all the negative feedback . It 's a $ 20 set of flatware . It is n't surgical stainless steel wrapped in fine Corinthian Leather ! For the price paid , I find it to be a great set . I wanted an inexpensive set to use in addition to my every day set . Because apparently forks , like socks , disapear without warning .
 I could n't ask for a better price than what I received with this 48 piece set of flatware . They 're strong , and very handsome in style . I have no doubt that they 'll be the last set of flatware that I 'll ever need to purchase in my lifetime.Thank you !
 Excellent product . I have had no problems with this what so ever and it was shipped fast !
 I just got my own apartment and had to furnish it and let me tell you that this product is great . It was not only cheap but a great product.If you have a chance to get it then do it . Worth it all the way.aloha
 These are smaller than I thought they would be . I like a BIG coffee cup and these are not big . I still like them .
 I am an avid home cook who has been using Ginsu knives for mor than 20 years . My then-partner bought me my first set half as a joke , but I quickly fell in love with them.As seen on TV , they do cut through nearly anything , including the trunks of Christmas trees . However , they are also excellent , no non-sense cooking tools that never need sharpening and can be thrown in the dishwasher . All you need to know is they work best using a downward slicing motion as opposed to a straight down chop . Actually , most knives work better this way unless you want to cleave something.The only thing that is n't true is the claim they last a life-time . I find after about 10 years my chef 's knife does become noticeably dull . However , at only 10 to 30 bucks a set -LRB- I 've never bothered testing out the warranty -RRB- , it 's no big deal . As I figure it , I 'll be in my early 100s before my Ginsu investment comes even close to a high-end Henckel or Wurstoff set.Ginsu now produces a more expensive set with stylish bakelite handles . Though they have the same blades , I personally dislike the handles . The molded plastic handles of the classic Ginsus are much more comfortable .
 The grater seems to work well . The cover is really nice to have . It is a little long . We have n't had it that long so we do n't know how it holds up over time but so far works great .
 This appears to be a quality product and really does a fine job grating cheese and zesting fruit . Does the job I bought it for and that 's all I can expect !!!
 I have had my Somelier glasses for well over 10 years now , actually brought them with me from Austria when I moved in 97 , and I agree that they make a difference . I can not truly enjoy wine from a cheap glass anymore . Even the less expensive Vinum series by Riedel , which is machine blown , does not get close to the experience of the Somelier glass.They are very delicate and fragile , which is the only caveat that I have . Drying one off with a kitchen towel has do be done very carefully - always hold it by the glass bowl , never by the stem . They break easily , and replacing one does cut a hole in the average household budget .
 Expensive , but worth it . A total enhancement to the wine drinking experience . TIP
 Originally bought for our room , then we moved and then put it in my daughters room . It is a pretty good dresser . the only thing wrong is one of 2 of the draws slide of track from time to time . Other than that it is sturdy and works great . I also bought the 3 drawer and have n't had any trouble with it . So all in all I like it .
 We have 10 ft ceilings and our shower head is 7 ' high ; we needed something extra long , and this one was great !
 I am very happy with the Adjustable Caddy it 's very convenient and the fact that you can adjust the shelves on it . I would definitely recommend this item . I am very pleased with it .
 This is the finishing touch to my perfect shower . The adjustable shelves are very convenient to allow my oversize shampoo and conditioner bottles fit into the holder . The hook made it very nice to not have to take my rain head shower head off in able to install this .
 I bought this recently and hung it the first day . By morning the smooth plastic clip used to hold the top part in place had slipped down behind the shower head . This caused the caddy to move far enough away from the shower surface that the bottom suction cup did not connect . I found a solution by spraying the clip with a liquid vinyl coating . So far it is holding . I have liked everything else about the caddy .
 Adjustable telescoping clothes rod . Heavy duty construction with lip on ends for securing over wood or other supports .
 I used a couple of these adjustable closet rods to turn the under-stairs closet into a great clothing closet.The rods slide into different lengths and the ends angled easily in different directions under the stairwell , so I could wood screw them into place . The ends are pliable and I shaped them -LRB- with pliars -RRB- to fit the varied wood surfaces .
 Needed a matching closet rod to update my closet and could not find this size or even the color at my local Hardware stores . This was perfect .
 Looks exactly the same as pictured and works . Im happy with this purchase and would recommend it to others seeking something like this .
 Perfect size and condition.Screwed it in and made a previously unused closet take care of my jackets!Good product
 Well , how exciting does a closet rod need to be ? But this one is adjustable , easily installed , and quite sturdy . There 's a little `` tab '' piece on the end which is angled -- but it 's easily straightened out if that feature is n't needed .
 I bought this closet rod and had no trouble installing it . Measuring is not an issue since it is adjustable .
 This product is great . It was difficult to find something that extends 72 '' . This item was perfect for what I needed . As others have said it is n't as pictured , but simply fixed . I bent the two tabs at the top with pliers . I left off a star for not being as pictured . For the price this is a steal !
 The HB 31602 is an excellent raclette grill at a price well below that of most other raclettes on the market now . This is my second grill ; the first - a Swiss-made machine - died after about 10 years of use . I decided to try the HB because of its features and attractive price , as well as my previous favorable experience with Amazon in the event I wanted to return the item.In short , the unit functions perfectly . Its variable temperature control -LRB- a must for raclette cooking -RRB- does its job well . Clean up - a frequent gripe among raclette grill reviewers - is a breeze ... assuming that you only use the top grill to cook normal raclette-type foods such as small potatoes , sausages or Canadian bacon , not frying eggs , and that you treat the non-stick surface properly.Although the listing copy does n't make this clear , the unit comes with both the rectangular pans and the plastic scrapers . And the cord length -LRB- another often-heard complaint -RRB- is quite adequate.The only potential shortcoming is the way the item is shipped -- in its retail box only , the way you would pick it up at a store . That means the only thing between your grill and the rough world of a UPS trip is a few pieces of egg-carton packing and a flimsy , non-corrugated box ... a recipe for disaster . Fortunately , my unit arrived OK though the box was pretty beat up . Amazon should require its third party ` partners ' to use shipping cartons , like Amazon itself always does . -LRB- On the positive side , my one experience with Amazon re a shipping-damaged item was very satisfactory . -RRB-
 We are very pleased with our HB Raclette Grill ! We originally tried raclette cooking in France with friends and bought our own . We 've used it for entertaining and daily dining , and everyone has a blast with it ! All you have to do is prepare food items -LRB- potatoes , cheese , deli meats , veggies , eggs , etc -RRB- and each person cooks up their own combination . As the food cooks/heats you enjoy great conversation with up to eight friends , over the raclette and perhaps a glass of wine . Cleaning is simple given the removable parts and non-stick cooking surfaces.The machine is quite handsome -LRB- more stylish than other comparables -RRB- with those crescent handles and nifty -LRB- baby -RRB- pans . The grill that rests on top is very useful and easily removable . The machine comes with the temperature dial on one side and the red indicator light , letting you know that the machine is plugged in -LRB- heating is fairly quick -RRB- . The heat resistant plastic -LRB- baby -RRB- spatulas are surprisingly versatile . -LRB- Some other raclettes do n't come with an indicator light or spatulas ! -RRB- If I had to note anything I did n't fully appreciate , it would be that the machine does n't seem to have an off mode , other than pulling the plug . The only other thing to mention is concerning grill cooking . If the heat is up high and you leave fatty foods or oil on top , splatter can occur firing unfriendly projectiles/globules and making clean up a bit more work . This is true of any indoor grill though . Just be careful.All in all , we love the raclette and use it happily and quite often ! It is highly recommended .
 I bought this Raclette grill to add to an existing collection . I was a bit hesitant because I typically do not purchase Hamilton Beach products . I have to say , I like this machine better than my other more expensive European models . It certainly is great value for money and easy to use . I highly recommend it !
 The grill works great . Used it for a few parties and we enjoyed it . The small trays and scrappers wash in the dishwasher without issue . The only thing I do n't like is one has to pull the plug to turn it off .
 We first got introduced to raclette through a relative from Europe . After the fun we had eating at her house , I HAD to find a raclette grill when I got home . I chose this one because it was both inexpensive and I liked the square shape of it -LRB- better suited to the shape of our table -RRB- . This grill works great . It does n't melt the cheese quite as hot as the grill we used in Europe but does do the job . The top completely removes for easy cleaning . Even though it does have a non-stick surface , we found it cleans up better if you start off with a light coating of non-stick spray before cooking . Also I agree with another reviewer that it would be better that it had an Off switch on the heat control instead of it being necessary to unplug it to turn it off , but , all in all , it is an attractive product , reliable , a good value for the money and about half the cost of other raclette grills I have seen .
 I first tried a Raclette prepared meal in 2002 while visiting my fiancee 's parents in Lyon , France . Needless to say I was hooked straight away . Although Raclette meals can be heavy -LRB- potatoes , cheese and various meats and veg -RRB- , they are extremely good.The Hamilton beach 31602 raclette grill is great . Temperature control is a nice feature . I have used it a lot since I bought it and recommend it . Good value for money and even has some recipes to try in the instruction manual .
 We 've had a blast making raclette and other dished with this grill . We 've been using it for almost a year and have n't had any problems or issues with it . The variable temperature control is a nice feature and the top comes off for easy cleaning . Definitely recommended .
 I bought this grill after reading reviews for many different grills , I thought this one seemed to have the better reviews , so I bought it . I really love it . It heats up pretty quickly , and has enough space for 2-3 people 4 people would have to eat slower , but it does have enough broiler space , and its square to have people at all 4 sides . We use it 2 time a month at least and makes a great fast meal . The only thing that causes some distress is that the grill is not quite as easzy to clean as they say . Most of it comes off very easily , but some spots of cooked grease remain , it comes of with some elbow grease , and a scrubby , but it would be nice if it was as easy as they said it was .
 While the grill top is a little lightweight , the Hamilton Beach 31602 Raclette 8-Person Party Grill was exactly what I was looking for
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and we both love it!A quality product , easy to clean , fun to use .
 This raclette grill meets my every expectation.It was a great value for the price .
 I bought this raclette grill , because I left my Tefal set back in Holland -LRB- Europe -RRB- and we used that one all the time . Every one in my family has one and at Christmas time we would use 2 or 3 to have a great party with all the family members . It is great fun and you can grill anything you want on it . Even warm up frozen fruit to add to ice cream desert . Compared with its Swiss competitor , Hamilton Beach grill has a better price and it does what it suppose to do . The only remark I want to make is , a longer cord -LRB- to avoid an extension cord -RRB- would be nice . I would recommend this product .
 I have used this for treaditional recipies as well as with different ethnic twists . . korean bbq , seafood , italian roasted peppers , artichokes , etc.We have used potatoes & bread for topping with goodies . . the possibilites are truely endless . . The grill is easy set up , and easy clean up . . very family friendly !
 I just got this and have had a few chances to use it and absolutely love it ! It 's perfect for smaller groups , or even medium sized groups , just make sure your table is big enough ! I 've really enjoyed some of the few recipies that come with the user guide , the s ` more 's have been a special treat . Almost as good as over a fire ! It 's also really easy to clean , the heat controller is a great thing to have and has a good range , and the cord is definitely long enough for normal use . Definitely a great and affordable choice , do n't be foold by the low price ! : -RRB-
 I learned of Raclette while living in Germany several years ago and found upon return to the States , that they were no where to be found . Now they are available and I love the one I bought . In fact , I am ordering another as a late Christmas gift . It is great for dinner parties and keeps guests happy they are eating what they selected and cooked to their liking .
 I concur with earlier reviews of this product in that it 's an excellent machine at an excellent value . Did quite a bit of comparison shopping and went with the the HB31602 because it seemed both large and nice enough while keeping the price reasonable . Extremely easy to use - just plug in and set the temp . The convenient square cooking paddles make efficient use of the space and the cheese cooked perfectly . Do n't even really need to use the scrapers as the cheese slides right off the non-stick paddles . Have n't actually used the top for grilling ; have instead opted to keep the boiled potatoes warm . Yes , the 5 foot cord is a bit short , especially as the unit is meant to be placed in the center of a table , but that is easily remedied with an extension cord -LRB- needs 3 prongs -RRB- . Highly recommend .
 This Product is certainly nicer than the raclette machines I have used in France.All is in order , it is very stylish.The trays are handy as they have a slanted lip on one side , to ease the pouring of the raclette cheese.The grill top works well , I made kebobs on it last night.The heat selector knob is accurate enough.The removable grill top is also very fast and easy to clean . I recommend using a brush with plastic bristles as the surface is teflon-coated . It appears to be a very sturdy and streamlined machine , I expect it to last for years to come . Extension cord is needed however to reach the dining room table .
 I got my raclette as a Christmas present and it is one of the best gifts I 've ever received ! I love to have people over and this provides a unique and easy way to serve dinner or snacks to everyone 's tastes . Everyone really has fun with it.This particular raclette works very well . I have no complaints . The only word of warning I 'd give to would be buyers is that it 's not for kids . That may seem obvious to some , but we always have kids that want to participate in the fun ... it 's inevitable around my house with five of my own ... and it creates a lot more work to keep them from being burned.Otherwise it 's an awesome product that we enjoy more than our fondue and chocolate fountain !
 I really like this oven because it has multiple heat settings and has various surfaces on the grill area for different uses . I also like the square trays for melting the cheese since we usually buy square raclette cheese - it fits much better than in triangle trays . It is good quality for the money .
 I like what I 've seen about the product . This is ideal for a small family like mine , or , a batchelor entertaining about six or so friends as they watct superbowl . every household should have one as astandby .
 My wife and I were introduced to Raclette at a friend 's dinner party and decided to get one because it was such a fun way to enjoy a meal with friends . We just tried this unit for the first time yesterday , and I must say that it works very nicely . I particularly like the temperature control feature which my friend 's machines did not have . It really comes in handy . Without it , I would compare it to a BBQ that only stayed on HIGH heat all the time . It also has a large non-stick grilling surface which is nice and worked great on the meats and mushrooms that we grilled on it . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it did not have an OFF switch . You have to unplug it to turn it off , which I think is similar to all of the other machines as well . Just keep in mind that you will probably need an extension cord to comfortably use any Raclette unit on your dining room table , because like all small appliances , the cords seem to be on the short side , like a blender or a toaster oven .
 This Hamilton Beach Raclette Party Grill is an excellent product . I researched the various products available and picked this one since the reviews pointed out the quality of the product . Specifically with some other products the top grill would warp . I have used this grill many times . We cook beef slices and shrimp on the top while melting cheese in the little pans beneath the grill . It works fantastically . It has a variable heat option which is very helpful in deciding how hot you want to make the grill or to change the amount of heat . I would definitely recommend this product for quality and fun !
 I would recommend this grill for anyone ! A fun dinner option for parties . Almost as great as when I 'm in France for Raclette dinner . Be careful when cleaning the grill that you do n't scrap the non-stick finish off .
 My husband and I love raclette . It is the perfect way to entertain at an affordable price . It will leave your guests feeling like they had a special treat with out the stresses of preparing an involved meal and doing much cleaning up afterwards ! I HIGHLY recommend raclette in general and specifically this product ! : -RRB-
 love this product . We 've been having fun making interesting combinations of food . Made my boys love to cook.love the adjustable heat settings and the square pans .
 While on a recent trip to visit family in Belgium , we were treated to a fun dinner using a similar party grill . We enjoyed it so much that upon arriving home we searched for one of our own . I saw this grill on Amazon & thought it was a great price!We have enjoyed it so much & so have our guests . Everyone likes chosing their own meat/veggies/omlets etc. . I do think that 8 people is a little crowded , 6 seems to work out better . I highly recommend this grill . It will be a fun dinner for sure !
 I invited friends over for dinner and we loved it ! Everyone had a great time cooking their own food and really enjoyed it .
 This Pink Satin Comforter is beautiful . It closely matches the color in the photo - Bubble Gum pink . My four year old daughter adores it - it is the exact color of the walls in her bedroom . Very light , we use it as an extra blanket to fold at the end of the bed on top of her black & white toile comforter . Great price point for satin comforter too .
 The Spode item was delivered quickly and safely . It was beautifully wrapped in protective covering . Both Amazon and the retailer came through with flying colors !
 THEY WASH WELL . THE COME OUT OF THE DRYER WRINKLE FREE . THEY ARE REALLY THICK AND GREAT QUALITY .
 I bought them for a gift and they were just the right color and softness that I had hoped they would be . Great buy for the price and I would purchase again and have previously bought other sets from the same manufacturer .
 The only problem is that the fitted sheet came with a small purple stain that was about the size of a a dime . Besides that , it 's fine
 touch of paradise palazzo 300 thread count 100 % Cotton Dobby King Sheet Set MagnoliaGoes great in the bedroom matches prefectThanks
 The color was a lot better than the picture online and they are a lot nicer than I had thought they would be ! Very crisp yet soft . Excellent to sleep on during a warm summer night . Excellent price for an excellent product !
 Very CUTE !! Bright , functional and looks good sitting out on the counter . Could be a little larger for family brewing , but will brew plenty for one or even three people . I like to brew and drink hot , then drink iced later in the day . This will do for me , but if others are drinking , may have to brew again .
 thank you . it was a xmas gift to my daughter and she loves it . it will be perfect in her new home .
 I love the teapot . Great gift and use for tea parties . Will consider purchase of matching tea cups as well .
 I gave this as a gift to my sister -- and she loved it ! It 's very cute . Because of the material it is n't suited for stovetops -- more of a decoration or something to use for fun/parties .
 This is the cutest froggy teapot I 've ever seen . My daughter loves frogs and she had a tea party for her 2nd birthday and this was perfect . I probably wo n't actually use it , it 's more for decoration than anything . It 's worth the money . Maybe I 'll purchase the rest of the set to go with it for when she gets older .
 My daughter collects frogs and she was thrilled with the Toby teapot . It is very cute and I think most would like it wether they were a frog collecter or not . Fast shipping and well packed .
 This is super cute . More of a collectable type of thing . I was looking for a tea pot I could use on the stove . However , I do n't think this can be used on the stove itself . I think you 'd have to brew tea and put it in the pot after . It 's a nice decoration though .
 This frog teapot arrived beautifully and truly is adorable . If you love frog collectibles , this is a winner .
 YES ! I 'm going to have to knit hats to match for my next high tea with my little granddaughters.NanaCutiepiehats.com
 Ok so I was recently able to convince my wife to let get a couple new home theater pieces which included a set of Definitive Technology ProMonitor 800 for our surrounds . Well for some reason Best Buy does n't carry the correct speaker stands for the 800 's and come to find out after a friend bought the same speakers and we were both in the same boat I found the Definitive Technology ProMonitor 800 speaker stands here on Amazon . Well price is always an issue with me but not with my buddy so he went ahead and ordered the Def Tech stands for $ $ $ . Well I 'm glad that I waited because they were way to low for me and my wife ! so I took a chance with the Vantage Point SSH-40BB knowing that they were a 1/4 of the price and I have to say that I could n't be happier with them ! They are great ! Adjustable and stable , just remember when ordering stands and even looking at stands to know how much your speakers weight ! I think that 's probably the biggest problem when looking for speaker stands !
 Great to keep your universal speakers off the floor , great price , EZ to put together , great price and free shipping right now any ways ! Look way more expensive than they really are , my old ones broke which were really expensive for my JBLs , these look like factory replacements for my surround sound speakers ! Great !
 They 're speaker stands what can you really say but I did not have one bad experience . The shipment was received in a timely manner and the speaker stands are sturdy and hold the speakers great .
 These sheets are so very luxurious . So soft , and the trim is so very rich . Makes one feel like you 're `` prince or princess '' for the evening .
 These Crock-Pot Liners are so helpful and I 've never found them in any store . They make clean-up a breeze . My schedule does n't always allow me to take time to cook , so I use my Crock-Pot a lot . Now I use it even more since I do n't have any clean-up problems.I 'm even buying them as gifts for friends who use their crock-pots a lot also!Jean
 Liked these so much I ordered two more packages . They are rectangular in shape and fit my 5-quart slow cooker with a few extra inches . Slow cooked a big pork roast for 10 hours and worked great . Made stuffed peppers sitting on a trivet inside the slow cooker saver , and that worked perfectly .
 Great addition to the Crock Pot enthusiast . Clean , tidy and well worth the price .
 I had purchased a Swivel Sweeper first and it not only did n't do an adequate job sweeping but the plastic broke within a few days . I spent a few more dollars and went with a name brand , Bissell . I 'm glad I did . It 's very light , picks up a lot of dirt , dust , grit , cat hair , etc. . The cup is on top , no accidental spills , and empties and cleans out easily . I only recommend this sweeper for hard surfaces as I prefer a heavy-duty vacuum on carpet .
 We have had this unit for several months and it does a very good job of picking up on our hard wood floors and oriental rugs . It 's easy to use and is convenient when we do n't need a deep cleaning from our vacuum .
 Just read the reviews of the Bissell 2800B Sweeper . I 've had mine , now , for a year and a half , and I think it does a great job . True , it is not a vacuum , but it does do the in-between job of picking up debris from carpets and hard surfaces . With 9 cats and a dog -- plus living in the woods -- we get a ton of pet hair and dirt , twigs , etc. , tracked into the house . It helps to keep the house tidied up , until we do a regular vacuuming .
 I received this sweeper as a `` years of service '' reward from my employer and my whole family loves it !! My children are 10 and 5 , and crumbs from meals , scraps of paper from homework , leaves drug in from outside all get sucked up by this little sweeper . I store it beside the trash can in the kitchen and all family members use it . I just purchased one for my son 's preschool teacher and classroom . She loves it so much , she wants one for her home . There is a sensory table in the classroom with sand , beans , rice etc , and this is great for the spills from the table as well as crumbs from snack-time !
 I had the swivel sweeper before . This sweeper is much more sturdy and powerful . Works great .
 I 've owned this for about a year now and have no complaints . It sweeps well on carpet and hard floors . I keep it on the charger continuously . Easy removal of the debris pan . Does what I needed for quick touch up jobs .
 We love this little sweeper . We use it at the office where there is alot of heavy traffic and we do n't always have time to get a full size vaccuum out to pick up everything dragged in on a day-to-day basis . This works WONDERFUL !! Much better than ever expected !!!
 I had read Consumer Reports when looking for a small but powerful vacuum for a small apartment that is very dusty . The Bissell was ranked highly and the price was right . It was easy to put together , and is easy to store in a closet because it can be hung from a hook or will stand upright on its own . It 's small and maneuverable enough to get into corners and under sofas . The clear box where the debris collects allows you to see exactly what it 's picking up -- and although it is quiet and seems not to have much pull power it actually has a strong pick-up capability . The rollers make it great for carpeting as well as bare floors . Easy to empty -LRB- clean -RRB- after each use -- Added bonus -- it 's very quiet -LRB- battery charged -RRB- so you can use it on Sunday mornings and not wake your neighborhors . Perfect for dorm rooms . I recommend it highly .
 I was looking for a quick easy sweeper that was for small clean up jobs . I knew it did n't have suction and worked off of motorized brushes . It works exactly as I had hoped and makes picking up easier and faster . This is not for whole house vacuuming . It 's just for small , quick jobs . Perfect for what I needed it for .
 This machine was so easy to assemble and even easier to use ! It did an excellent job picking up dirt and pet hair from my floor . I have a cat snd this picks up her hair and litter so easily . It is quick and convenient . I have been a Bissell fan for years and the products keep getting better and better ! This is by far the best sweeper I have purchased and love the motorized brush and dual edge cleaning ! Great Job Bissell !!
 I was shocked to see how well this sweeper picked up dirt and debris from my hardwood and carpeted floors ! I love how it is rechargeable so I can bring it anywhere and it works great for my stairs when I take the handle off ! The dirt cup is big so I don ; t need to constantly empty it . I also love how the handle lies flat so I can clean under the bed easily . Overall this is a great product and I recommend it to anyone who wants easy cleaning !
 This is my second purchase of the Bissell Turbo Sweeper . My first one was fine until my husband took it apart to clean -LRB- He is Obsessive -RRB- and then could n't remember hoe to put it back again !!!! I was soooo mad at him as , I had had the sweeper for 2 years and it works great . So that was the reason for the second purchase . It has good power and lightweight to use . I could n't live without it !
 This product makes everyday vacuuming easy . I like the fact that it moves smoothly and noiseless . Good product of course not designed for heavy vacuuming .
 I have owned this model for about two years and are just now having to replace it . It has been wonderful . Yes , youhave to empty it and the hair must be removed from the roller , but it is still dependable and works like a charm for all surfaces I have used it on , including short pile carpet and laminate and vinyl . Would n't want to but any other vacuum of this type .
 I bought this exact Bissell for more money and not through Amazon . I love the one I have had for over a year now.I now have use for another and found it right on Amazon . I have some flooring without carpet but most of my rooms have very low pile . I have two cats now and this picks up everything , hair , litter , paper , and holds a charge after continuous use . This is a fantastic price and will now have one in the room I keep my one cat and the other one for the rest of the house . Anyone who says it does not work may have a faulty one . So many people have bought this based on my experience . I can not handle a heavy vac so this is great for everyday use.Bissell Perfect Sweep Turbo Sweeper - 2880
 I like this this bissell for or hard flooring around the house , it 's very conveniant to use
 This a great little helper when it comes to getting stuff up off my carpets or hard wood floors , its light weight but has a lot of pick up force and I love the side bristles that gets the dirt and stuff up close to walls and corners , I recommend this to anyone who hates lugging a bulky vacuum around .
 I have COPD so this is really great for me , as a regular vacuum with a beater bar stirs up too much dust , and it is hard for me to drag it out of the closet . This is lightweight and if I use it often on the carpet it works just fine . It is also great on my hardwood floors ! I have only had it about a month , but if it continues to work this well I am totally satisfied !!!
 I was n't sure what to expect . I did n't think it could clean as well as my heavy duty vaccuum cleaner . It cleans as well or better as my vaccuum -LRB- which I gave to a neighbor -RRB- . It works so well that it picked up a pen that I had n't realized had fallen on the floor until I found it in the cup . The only thing that I dislike is the cup opening is so narrow that it takes some shaking to get all the debris out .
 We have two . One upstairs and one down . Bought a third for our daughter , the lawyer - a tough critic . All love them .
 I now have this product over a year and it still works perfectly.This item is great for light cleanup . Just keep in mind that this is not a heavy duty vacuum cleaner . It is perfect for the little jobs like picking up cat litter , crumbs around the dinner table and animal fur . Great on hardwood floors as well as carpets . Again , just keep in mind is is very good for light cleanup . We use it every day to vacuum up cat litter and crumbs . Once a week we us a regular vacuum to do the heavy duty job . Unfortunately people think that this item can replace a heavy duty vacuum . If you want a cordless vacuum for quick easy light cleanup this is the one for you . We keep it charged when not in use . So far it has not disappointed . Personally , when and if this unit goes we will purchase another one . By keeping it charged you always have full power . It is definitely worth the price . Do n't listen to the naysayers.Additional review 10-10-10 . My review in 2009 indicated I had the product for over a year . Actually I have this for over 3 years or more . It still works great . My wife loves it . She told me that once the Bissell goes she wants me to purchase another . I keep the Bissell plugged into the charger all the time and unplug it only when it is in use .
 tried many floor cleaners , so far this is the best , used for floor and carpet also . this one lasted me for 2 years before it died , i am going to buy one more to replace my existing one .
 Very handy to have around.As I read other reviews I realized that some think this item is supposed to suck as a vacuum does . This item does NOT suck like a vacuum . At our house it 's great all around , even the kids use it . The only thing I do n't care much for is that hair tends to wrap around the wheel , but that is common and is very easy to pull hair off the roller .
 The best sweeper I ever bought ! It picks up dirt on hard floors and short carpet very well . Beats sweeping because you do n't have to stop bend and pick up . Really good product !
 I have been looking for a product that is , easy to handle , pick up debris off the carpet , but is better than a broom , and as good as a vacuum cleaner , I findly did , Bissell 2800B Perfect Sweep Turbo Electric Sweeper , it does the Job . This product is Good to Have .
 We got this sweeper 2 years ago and it is amazing . Our house gets dirty somtimes and for little clean ups this works great . It picks up anything from dust and carpet fuz to nuts and bolts . It is very durable . the battery lasts amazingly long . It does not poop out after 3 or 4 minuts but holds its charge for about 45-50 minutes . Sadly though the dust cup craked.so we will buy another bissell from amazon . We have went through 2 swivel sweepers and a shark sweeper and the swivels only lasted 4 months and the shark only 1 . The bissel lasted 2 years . And would of kept going . The moter runs grat but because of the crack . We will buy the easy sweep . from bissell.and give it a try .
 I ` ts such a pain to drag out the big Hoover for a quick dog hair or Cheerio clean up . I find I just put it off . This little cordless is great . Light weight and picks up just about everything ... on my wood floor , tile and carpet . The long hair does get wrapped around the brush and that takes extra effort to clean but other than that ... I 'm thrilled .
 I do n't care for the handle . It is hard to hold onto , unlike the shark .
 This sweeper is decent . I have used the swivel sweeper that my mom has at her house and this is comparable . I like it for every day use and it picks up a lot ! Of course it 's not a substitute for a vacuum so I use this every day and then bring out the big clunky vacuum once a week for the hardwood/tile . Works alright even on small doormats or something with low pile but I would n't recommend it for high pile carpets . Overall I am pleased with my purchase !
 I 've tried 3 different shark sweeper vacs before I bought the Bissell Sweeper . All of the shark sweeper vacs stopped working after 1 year . My Bissell Sweeper is still working after 3 years ... I do n't keep it plugged in all the time , I let the battery drain and then charge it . I think this has helped extend the life of the battery . I also clean the roller regularly so it does n't get jammed . Overall it 's been a great sweeper , and I highly recommend it .
 I 've had my Bissell Perfect Sweep Turbo for about 3 years now , and I absolutely love it . I 've been a little hard on it , being a tad abusive to it now and then , and now it 's held together with duct tape . It STILL works great , and holds a fantastic charge , even after all this time . -LRB- It stays charged for a really long time , even with daily use . -RRB- But now it 's time to buy another one . And I want the same one . Period . I also have a Shark and a Swivel Sweeper . This product beats them all , hands down . It actually picks up debris off hard floors without spitting them back out . It even gets dust and sand , which is evident when I empty the dirt cup . It cleans along baseboards with little brushes on the sides that brush the dirt into the cleaning path . -LRB- They are not motorized like the main brush , but work well all the same . -RRB- I use mine to vacuum pretty much the whole house , including my stairs and throw rugs . It actually does a better job in my house than my conventional upright vacuum cleaner -LRB- which throws debris back at my legs when I try to use it on my bare floors . -RRB- I will continue to use this product as long as it lasts or as long as I can keep finding them !
 I had the Bissell Natural Sweep Dual Brush Sweeper before I bought this one . The old one is not battery powered , but has brushes and picks up really well . Problem with that one was that the handle does n't stay in one piece . I drop the sweeper end on the floor all the time even after I tapped the handle in with a little hammer . Anyways , this review is about this model with battery and turbo power.I like this one 's handle way better . The pieces screw in to one another . There 's no worry about dropping it.The sweep on the other hand is not as good as I was expecting . You need to roll it back and forth a few times before it picks up most stuff on the floor . It does pick up human hair pretty good . I have long hair so all the hair will wrap around the roll . I do have to use a razor blade or knife to clean it out though . It did n't work on dog hair very well . I still have to use something else to go over that again for dog hair.Battery life is good . It lasted me a couple weeks . Granted that I do n't really sweep my floor very often . I 'd say maybe total operating time is about 30-40 minutes.Overall , it 's not a bad product .
 I 've only owned this sweeper for about two weeks , but so far it is wonderful . My five year old grandson grabs it first thing when he walks through the door so I rarely get to use it . Works great on my stairs as well as the floors . Quick picker upper on carpet.I plan to get my MIL one . Very easy to assemble and to use .
 I have owned this sweeper for nearly two years and I use it everyday , several times a day in my household with three small children and two cats . I bought it to replace a Shark Cordless Sweeper and I consider the Bissell to be much better as well as quieter than the Shark . The sweeper works well on the kitchen -LRB- cork -RRB- floor to pick up food and debris as well as hardwoods to pick up dirt and hair as well as carpets to pick up dirt and pet hair . Love it ; my floors would be filthy without this sweeper .
 I have n't read any reviews concerning 31/2 year-olds who LOVES vacuums . All those who have little boys -LRB- or girls -RRB- who love vacuums -LRB- and street sweepers , and garbage trucks , and dump trucks , etc -RRB- , raise your hand ! This is the sweeper for you and the best $ 40 you 'll ever spend on a toy . My son goes to town every morning on my house , which is all hard wood and tile . Just leave out the middle wand when you put the sweeper together , and it 's the perfect size . No more crying over tangled cords and bumps on the head from the big vacuum falling on his head when he tries to use the hose . He can see all the `` mess '' right in the collection cup , and he loves to get down on the ground to watch the brushes go round and round.We have 2 dogs , a cat , and one big sandbox in the backyard . Sand and hair gets swept up every day by my little helper -LRB- and sometimes me when I asked permission to use it -RRB- . So , for now , I do n't need -LRB- or want -RRB- a Roomba .
 I have bought a number of sweepers.This sweeper is the only sweeper that I will buy again out of all of the sweepers that I have bought before.It has picked up dirt and cat hair better than all of the others.I am well pleased with it.It is easy to empty the dirt and there is no messy filters to clean or change .
 The Bissell Perfect Sweeper is a handy little quick pick-up machine . I purchased this a few months ago and have been happy with it ever since . It holds a charge extremely well . I do n't have to charge between single uses , when it runs low on battery after several uses -LRB- usually days -RRB- I let it charge again , usually over night , and then it is rare 'n to go again . I have n't noticed any loss of use time between charges . It is not a vacuum , of course , so there is no suction . It is a `` sweeper '' and is meant to use for quick pick ups . I find it so handy as we have 4 boys and they track in all sorts of debris from pine needles to dirt . The sweeper picks it all up , even the dog hair and has saved me from having to haul out my regular vacuum for every little thing . I find for me it works best on the carpets , on the hardwood and Formica flooring it is adequate , but a broom is better there . As for the rotary brush collecting stuff , it does , and must be cleaned by hand . However , I have to do that with my vacuum cleaner as well . I give this product a 5 star rating for performance , ease of use , and care -LRB- it 's easy to keep clean -RRB- .
 This does a great job picking up dirt and crumbs from my kitchen floor . After the Easter bunny left jelly beans for my kids , I found a few on the floor and it sucked them up with no problem ! My broom has n't been touched since I got this Bissell and it 's feeling pretty lonely ! It also does a good job if you want to do a quick job picking up some crumbs , etc. on a carpet without getting out your big vaccuum . Of course , this does not take the place of your vaccuum . For carpets , it 's just intended for quick , easy pick-ups , not deep vaccuuming . When you 've got kids , you are constantly doing quick clean-ups and this does a great job !
 After reading reviews on Consumer Reports , -LSB- ... -RSB- , here and even cross referencing it with Good Housekeeping -LRB- which I could not find this particular one on the website but a majority of Bissell products are given the good housekeeping seal of approval -RRB- , I decided to purchase the sweeper . There are mixed reviews , as with every product under the sun . I think this is great . It picks up dust and dirt , which I thought it was only going to pick up the bigger items like cheerios and what not . But I am most pleased by pulling out the dirt bin and seeing actual dust bunnies in there that i did not see with my eyes on the carpet . It 's lightweight , it makes a bit of noise , super easy to assemble and I think the price is ok for how it performs . The dirt bin does the trick , some people said it was too small but for normal pickup , it is adequate . So from picking up dirt , it also sucked up the hat from my son 's spiderman costume . So I guess the suction on this is what makes this thing work so well . Seemlessly , going from vacuuming your carpet to doing my tiles , there was no problems . I thought I would still need to swiffer to not feel some grit on my feet but I actually do not need to , it does that good of a job . There are little side brushes to flick dirt out thats close to the wall and it does pretty good too . So , consider this product to make your cleaning go that much quicker = -RRB-
 This has to be the best investment I have made . We have hardwood floors and tile throughout our house , with the exception of the bedrooms . This machine reaches under our couches , gets all those little dust bunnies etc. . I use it almost everyday . It works well on our carpets also , not as deeply as a vacuum , but works for a quick once over . I have not run into any problem yet and we have had it for almost a year . I love it and recommend it to all !
 It is great for those `` in-between '' vacuuming times , and does an excellent job of picking up the dog hair .
 This works great . It saves time because I do n't have to lug the big vacume out just to get up a little dog hair . My dog sheds a lot and this picks it up without any trouble . I also like being able to go from rug to hardwood floor without haveing to change anything . It is east to clean after use . It is lightweight and able to get under low tables and chairs . I was really happy with my purchase .
 Excellent little sweeper , I ca n't believe how much it picks up , works great on my tile and low pile carpet . It 's not a vacuum , but worth every penny !
 The sweeper is perfect for our restaurants and is exactly what we expected . Light weight , easy to use , not expensive and suits our purpose well .
 We have used a Shark recharable sweeper for years . Finally dided in February 2011 . As usual I went to Amazon for help in looking at a varity of sweepers . we were looking for a sweeper that would sweep small area rugs & wooden floors . We looked at the many that was offered by Amazon and decided to purchase a product name that has been in business of years . Took a little longer to arrive , however the wait was worth every penny spent .
 I have 7 dogs and this is the first vacuum that has n't broke under the pressure and it picks up great !
 I bought this sweeper after our daughter was born , once I realized that -LRB- a -RRB- she was afraid of the vacuum and would scream incessantly when I used it , and -LRB- b -RRB- we were going to be sweeping the floors a lot more than we used to . It 's worked great for us - I use it for a quick clean-up on the hardwood floors and also use it as a vacuum on the rugs and carpet . We have a wool rug that sheds a lot , so it fills the reservoir pretty quickly , but it 's not a big deal to empty and start again . It seems to pick up well on any surface , and I like the fact that it 's rechargeable . My daughter actually likes the sweeper and thinks it 's hilarious when I use it . No complaints !
 When I received my Bissell sweeper , it did not work properly . I took it apart and repositioned the bands that connect to the corner wheels . Now it works great ! It is easy to use , holds its charge well , and does an excellent job for a non-vacuum sweeper .
 I must say this is the best sweeper I 've ever own ! It picks up so much , lightweight easy to use . It also shines the floors -LRB- hardwood -RRB- while cleaning . The price was great and the product is even better !!!
 Excellent product . We have owned one of these for over a year and were so pleased we bought 3 more for our children . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I like this sweeper . It is a little loud , but as long as it picks up what is on the floor , I do n't care . I like the edge brushes , which they work very well . So as far as I am concerned , it works better the the Shark I previously had .
 I love this thing and could not believe they still had it for sale on Amazon . I wanted to get one for each floor of the house ! I had a cat and he had long hair but it did n't stop this vacuum from picking up everything , making carpets look as good as the full size vacuum did and ran on a charge for a long time ! The brushes still spin after 7 years ! I love this thing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I just love this sweeper . I was skeptical when I ordered . How could an appliance without suction work on dog hair , leaf fragments , yard debris , crumbs , etc ? BUT IT DOES ! BEAUTIFULLY . It 's all those wonderful little spinning brushes . I use it every day on wood floors , tile , and rugs . It is light years better than a broom and much better than any stick vacuum I have used . It makes for easy and quick cleaning between monster vacuuming duty . You will not give up the vacuum cleaner but you many never touch a dust pan again .
 I bought this item not expecting much.My expensive electrolux vacuum was in repairs after just 2 years of usage and I needed something small , wireless , quick and cheap to clean the mess after my 2 year old . I fully charged it the first time and i have used it at least 5 times in my living room and kitchen without having to recharge it again . I am very pleased . It picks up almost anything - most importantly cheerios - even in corners if you insist and as long as you use slow motions instead of the fast ones you would do with the vacuum it does a wonderful job . I found it is easy enough to dispose of the dirt inside too
 This sweeper is excellent for quick pickups and has lots of power and very lightweight , would highly recommend to anyone . I like using my AMAZON site because I am assured of getting exactly what I order and its great for anything you can think of to buy at a very reasonable cost .
 I 've had mine for a few years now . I use it almost every day ... I have lots of plants and lots of spills ... picks up the dirt right away and effectively . I also have two big dogs ... it does good picking up the hair . The bristles on the brush are very sturdy and long so it is easy to get the dog hair off the brush . Works great on carpet and bare floors .
 We had this sweeper for 3 years , and we used it pretty much daily . If you understand what you 're getting - basically an automatic broom/dustpan combo , you wo n't be disappointed . It wo n't thoroughly pick up everything , no sweeper can though.Sweepers do n't pick us as much as brooms do , but they do work quicker , with less effort , and automatically collect the debris in a small canister so no dustpan is needed . It wo n't get the edges against the walls , and it wo n't get really light things like feathers , or small flat scrapes of paper , or some hair . I do n't think any sweeper will do a good job on those things . If you understand that it will only pick up chunky little debris that you want to get after spills or in between real cleanings , you 'll be happy with it.The Bissell is pretty sturdy and does a decent job of picking up what sweeper pick up
 I researched sweepers for a week before I bought the Bissell Sweeper . It is the one that does n't pick up nuts and bolts . Since I do n't usually have such items on my floor , it appeared to be the best choice . It is a sweeper not a vacuum and as such picks up what a sweeper should pick up , dust , small pieces of dirt the dogs bring in , and their hair which they generously leave behind . My only issue is that the small edge brushes stopped working so I 'm not able to pick up dirt close to a wall . Easily overcome by running a broom around the walls before I use the sweeper . It keeps a good charge for a decent length of time . I would buy this product again .
 This is the best little cordless sweeper ever !! It is light and easy to use , holds a charge well , and does an excellent job . I bought it for myself , but am tempted to buy it for others as well .
 Instead of breaking out the vac , I can reach into the closet for my sweeper and pick up the hair and grass and dirt we seem to shed as we walk through the house . It easily gets into the corners and along the walls . I can do a 2000 foot house in 10 minutes . It does n't pick up everything and it does n't replace the weekly vacuuming , but it keeps the house feeling `` picked up '' in the meantime.Charging the battery and emptying are a breeze.The order was shipped by Grady 's Ace Hardware , an Amazon partner . Service was quick ; things arrived tightly and safely packaged .
 I purchased this handy sweeper from Sears because I wanted something to pick up after the kids and our pets without having to lug the big vacuum out all the time just to clean up small messes . I was initially skeptical at first , but I knew I would be able to return it to Sears if I was n't entirely satisfied . The setup and assembly was very quick . Just screw the wands together , attach it to the base , then charge it up . The first charge needs a full 16 hours to condition the batteries , thereafter the unit only needs 12 hours to recharge . I could n't believe what this thing picked up . Everything from cat hair , litter , crumbs , and just about everything else that manages to find its way to the floor and carpet . Of course , sweepers are n't meant for big , hefty jobs , or for deep cleaning your carpets -LRB- this is a job for your vacuum -RRB- , but they sure come in handy for in-between cleanups of small spills and messes . However , it 's important to remember that sweepers are * NOT * vacuums . They have NO suction . They are designed to `` sweep '' the surface of your carpet and floors for quick , light pick-ups . That being said , I 've been completely let down by Dustbusters and all those other `` handvacs '' that really did n't do anything but make a bunch of noise and lose their power after about 10 minutes of use . After using this , I figure I should only need to thoroughly vacuum once or twice a week now , instead of the usual everyday vacuuming that I used to do ... Bissell has designed a real winner here . I 'm just curious to see how long the unit and the batteries will last . For some reason , they 're still using old NiCad technology here , which is famous for developing the `` memory effect '' that renders them all but useless after about a year or so . The manual also says the batteries are NOT replaceable and must be disposed of when the unit has reached its useful life ... The sweeper has a one -LRB- 1 -RRB- year warranty , so we 'll see how that works out . For now , I 'm extremely pleased with this purchase , and would recommend this to anyone who needs a sweeper or simply wants a quick fix for lugging the main vacuum out all the time . Excellent product !
 We bought the sweeper based on its Consumer Reports rating and were a bit disappointed . We have three types of hard floors in our home
 This little time-saver does everything . Bare floors , carpets , stairs ... do n't know how I lived without it.It lasts an hour on a full charge and is so lightweight it easily goes from floor to floor cleaning every room in the house ! I have 3 cats and a long-haired dog and this sweeper picks up everything from pet hair , dry pet food , kitty litter , etc. . I 'm so happy to finally have found something that actually does what it claims!It 's not a vacuum so do n't expecty a deep carpet cleaning but it 's great for a quick pick-up . I 'll never go back to a broom again !
 I got this sweeper at Kohls for about $ 31.00 . That included a 10 % off discount for a new credit card account and 15 % off for a special promotion . The bissell performs well and passed my homemade tests . It picked up black pepper very well along with cheerios , bird seed , potting soil and coffee . I recomend to use this mainly on hard surfaces such as wood and tile . When I tried to use it on short pile carpeting , the little rubber fin on the bottom kept coming off when I went in reverse with the unit . It seems like it kept catching on the fibers . The dust bin is fairly large which means you do not have to be constantly emptying it . The unit is made from plastic and I do not know if it will last for the long haul . Time will tell . Overall , it is fun to use , like a kid 's toy and I feel it 's worth 30.00 .
 This is the first time I bought a sweeper and it was surprisingly effective on both floors and rugs . The sweeper picked up crumbs and dust on tile and hardwood floors . It also worked well on rugs but probably will not pick up pet hair . The sweeper holds charge well and will run up to 60 minutes on a full charge . The corner brushes will sweep close to baseboards but is not electrically powered . The dustpan can hold enough dirt and debris for about 10 to 15 ninutes of use .
 We have had this sweeper for about 6 months and use it a couple times a week for about 5-10 minutes each time . It works great for picking up food crumbs , like cheerios , crackers , etc. , left by our 2 year old . Picks up dried playdough very well of our kitchen tile and dirt off the foyer . Does n't work so well for caked it foods on carpet.We have had a thin rubber gasket fall off that I have n't been able to reattach , but it does n't seem to have affected performance .
 I purchased both the Shark -LRB- both models -RRB- and the Swiffer before buying this one . Hated to spend even more money on yet another cordless sweeper but swore to my husband it would be the last one . Alas ! It is ! Not only does it work wonderfully on hardwood floors , but we 've just moved into a medium-pile carpeted place and it works wonderfully for those quick pickups when I do n't want to pull out the big vaccum -LRB- or for when the in laws call from 2 blocks away and I need to tidy up quickly ! -RRB- The charge holds for a decent amount of time and I love how small it is to easily fit under furniture , cabinets , etc.It 's quiet enough to use while infants are sleeping and is extremely light if you need to carry it up and down stairs.The only negative I 've experienced is that on hardwood floor surfaces , the very edges and corners are missed with this machine . But , as I figure it ... if people are visiting long enough to inspect my floor edges and corners ... they 've overstayed their welcome !
 I purchased one of these last spring and liked it well enough to purchase one for my daughter for Christmas . It does not take the place of your regular vacuum but it is great for those quick pick ups and small rugs . I have several hand hooked rugs and this cleans them without sucking them into the vacuum . Also works good on hardwood , picks up cat food and cat hair . You do have to clean the hair off the brush , but it is worth it . I have three long haired pets .
 This is a great product and I am very satisfied how it cleans my hard wood floors and large area rugs ! I had purchased a Swival Sweeper for the same price as the Turbo Sweeper . Was very dissapointed in that product . After seeing on TV I could not wait to get one . There is nothing good I can say about that product , so I returned and order the Turbo from Amazon . I would recommend to anyone it works well and I like the adapter and how easy it is to clean the dirt tray . Hats off to Bissell !!
 I am only 7 years old , but I do most of the floor cleaning in my house for my family . I have cleaned our floors with the Shark for the past 2 years , but mom bought this Bissell which I have used for 1 week . Here are the things that I do n't like about it
 I have owned a Perfect Sweep Turbo for three years . It works well on tile and low-pile rugs . Occasionally it wo n't pick up something in the grout , but , overall , it 's quicker than a broom.One thing that impedes the operation is an accumulation of fibers on the bristles of the corner brushes and on the main rotor brush . The fibers stick up from the bristles on the rotor brush and keep new dust and dirt from entering the dirt cup . The secret is to pull off the fibers from the bristles regularly.If the sweeping time decreases , it 's a sign the battery has built up charging resistance . Let the battery fully discharge and then recharge it.I learned about the charging resistance after one of the reviewers of Perfect Sweep Turbo on Amazon complained that the battery did n't last long . Because of that review , when my sweeper slowed down after three years , I thought I needed a new sweeper - so I bought one . When I read the instructions for the new sweeper , I found out about the built-up charging resistance . Now I own two working sweepers !
 I purchased the Perfect Sweep Turbo after reading some online reviews about 18 months ago . As a mother with a small child/messy eater , I quickly became dependent on the PST . The sweeper made life enough easier for me that I gave one to my sister , who also loved it and ultimately gave one as a gift to another family member.I replaced mine after about a year - it would not recharge . My sister had to replace hers , too , after a year or so , not sure what the problem was . But I think the fact that we both decided to replace the PST with the same model is testimony to how useful the thing is.At our house , we love it for cleaning our kitchen hardwood floors and for quick clean-ups on carpeting , too .
 For the low price of this product you should have no complaints . It 's really a good little machine .
 This thing is dirt simple . Just a rotating brush -LRB- no suction -RRB- ... but it does work great for sweeping up crumbs and other crud from a hard floor . we do n't use it on carpet .
 Does a very good job . Purchased the Swivel Sweeper first which was good at getting corners and edges but SUCKED at everything else .
 This product is great . So easy to use ; even the kids can get it out and clean up the floor . With 3 kids under the age of 10 , the floors get messy fast . We do n't even put it away ; we 've found a corner in the kitchen because it 's used after every meal and sometimes in between . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because we have n't had it long enough to know how well the battery will continue to hold a charge .
 I read the reviews about this product and most were positive so I bought it . It does exactly as described . Cleans up surface dirt on wood floors and carpet very easily . This is not for deep cleaning as others have written but does a great job with food crumbs , lint on the floor , etc. . I highly recommend it !
 I wanted something lightweight , preferably cordless , and quick and easy to pick up the new pine litter my cats are tracking all over my carpet and floors . I did n't want to drag my big vacuum out every day just to do that . This Bissell Perfect Sweep does that easily , and more ! ... and IT 'S SOOO QUIET , I JUST LOVE IT !!! My only problem now is that I 'm not using my regular vacuum as much as I probably should to get a deep cleaning , because this does such a good job of making my carpet look quite good with a very quick once-over ! I 've never bothered to write a review before , but I 'm too happy with this product not to share my experience !
 I have been using my new Bissell Perfect Sweep Turbo sweeper in my house for a little over a week now . It sucks up cat litter , small pebbles , dry cat food , fur balls , kitchen droppings , and more , like a charm . I also use it on my outside deck . It removes leaves , dirt , seed pods , more cat fur , etc. pretty much anything in its way.You can go from a rug to a floor without a hickup and it keeps on sweeping . I 'm amazed at what a great job it does as well , especially against walls . It also flattens out nicely to go under low furniture . It has small sweeping heads on each side of the main roller bar , to pull things away from the wall.The only drawback , which did n't surprise me was when I tried it in my ceramics studio . It failed miserably . I was hopeful , but all it did was kick up clay dust into the air . I do n't hold that against the sweeper , it was n't designed for ultra-fine dust particles , but household cleanup.Overall , I give it two thumbs up . It 's a quiet , and light-weight device . Way to go Bissell .
 I was looking for a lightweight rechargable vacuum that would be perfect for small cleanups and cleaning litter around the kitty boxes . . Found ! It works really well , does n't spit litter out the back and the battery stays charged suprising long .
 I have had two of these sweepers in past years and really think it is a great item to have in your home for everyday use as well as quick pick up . I recommend it to all ...
 This is a sweeper NOT A VACUUM . Do not expect anything more . It does what a broom would but better . I live in the desert surrounded by sand . My two dogs and husband track it in . You can not walk bare footed without feeling the grit . This is a great sweeper for quick mid-week cleanups .
 I 'll start by saying I do n't actually own one . I bought one for my mother for Christmas replacing her 3 year old previous 2800 Bissell . I have used it several times though and after owning two different yet similar Shark type vacs I can honestly say this Bissell is hands down the better machine . Comparatively speaking , Sharks are junk . I will never buy another one . The Bissell picks up everything , takes a lot of abuse and the battery lasts a lot longer . You can almost get away with using this machine as your main household vacuum .
 Best sweeper ever ! I love this sweeper because it works great on the hardwood floors and the carpet . It picks up everything from cheerios to cat hair , sand and dust . It is super convenient to just unplug and clean the entire floor without having to deal with a cord . It 's not too loud either .
 I have bought several different brands of lightweight rechargable sweepers and this one is the best . All of the others were basically throw aways -LRB- very quickly -RRB- like 3-4 months . My first of these sweepers is still hard at work after 4 years . I have 2 cats and a grandson who make lots of little messes for me . I just hope Bissell never stops making this model for a newer -LRB- probably not as good -RRB- model . You will not regret this purchase .
 My old fashioned,non-powered carpet sweeper was n't quite able to keep up with cat hair and the duff that gets tracked into our house . This was the perfect solution . A little power assist gets all the surface stuff off the carpet and tile floor between regular vacuuming . It gets right up to the edges of things , the container is easy to dump out and clean , and it is amazingly quiet .
 This is an amazing little sweeper ! Well worth the cost . Not that it is expensive , but it is more than the basic model you can get elsewhere . Cleaning is effortless - almost fun ! Even the young grandkids can use it easily , and effectively .
 I love this sweeper ! I use it at least once every single day to clean up the floors , mainly in the kitchen , but it works great everywhere . It cleans up cat food , litter , toddler food -LRB- i.e. , Cheerios -RRB- , and just about everything . I have bought so many different hand vacs , and none of them compare to this little Bissell . The others are noisy , you have to bend over to use them , and they just do n't end up working very well -LRB- although I do keep one around to get into the tight spaces where the Bissell wo n't reach -RRB- . The Bissell , on the other hand , works like a champ ; it 's quiet , and it works equally well on carpet and bare floors . I go from wood floors onto rugs or carpet , and it does n't miss a beat . It 's even better than a true vacuum on the rugs because it cleans the rug without sucking it up due to too much suction -LRB- which happens when I try to vacuum the rugs with my full-size machine -RRB- . I ca n't tell you how long the battery lasts ... I usually use it for about 10 minutes at a time , and it has never given me an indication that the battery is dying . I have it plugged in and charging all the time when I 'm not using it . I have owned this for over a year , and it has shown no signs of wear . It 's super easy to empty , too . I bought one of these for my mom becuase she loved it so much when she visited , and she also uses hers every day and loves it . I think my brother even bought one because the different brand that he had did n't work well . Overall , this is a great product with great durability . I ca n't recommend it enough !
 I have a lot of small animals that live on pine shavings and eat hay . This , as you can imagine , gets ALL OVER MY CARPET . -LRB- When i say all over , i do mean all over . The dinning room , the living room , my room ... socks are good at tracking stuff it turns out . -RRB- This crud clogged up 5 different vacuums -LRB- including my shopvac -RRB- The only way i could clean it was with a flippin ' broom . This , as it turns out , is REALLY DIFFICULT and takes forever to do a really wretched job.I found this product and figured , What the heck , there are no tubes to clog up at least.I took it home , charged it up , then proceeded to have my mind blown.It 's quiet -LRB- enough not to scare my guinea pigs , -RRB- it picks up almost as well as a regular loud-@$$ vacuum , and it probably weighs less the a pound.It works on carpet , it works in the kitchen , it even works really well on the stairs . I will NEVER have to lug that big shopvac up the stairs again !! I 'm so very happy with this thing , it 's hard to express.The only reason i do n't give it 5 stars is that , while it 's powerful for it 's motor size , I would still use a more powerful vacuum to really clean the floor . I will say , though , that you wo n't need to very often .
 Quiet , but very effective electric sweeper . I am so very happy with this item - it 's worth all the Swivel Sweepers and then some I have ever purchased -LRB- at least a dozen over the years -RRB- . It even has good side suction , which I did n't see rated that well . Wow . It is so quiet !!!! I love this thing . Ca n't say enough ... < 3
 I have owned one of these for more than five years and am still very happy with the performance of mine . My mother-in-law saw it and observed me using it for a quick-pick-up in the kitchen and was amazed . She liked it so much , I purchased one for her and had it delivered to her home . She is 93 years old and uses it most every day as she always had to either sweep or use her bulky vacuum just to manage keeping her small place clean . She absolutely loves it!Thanks for the opportunity to express `` Our '' satisfaction!Gary L. SmartNacogdoches , TX .
 I 'm very happy this this little sweeper . I needed something for in between using the hulk . It works well and hangs up so it is easy to store . My only wish is that the dirt holder was larger , as I have to empty often when using it . I would recommend the Bissell Perfect Sweep Turbo to everyone .
 I purchasedBissell Perfect Sweep Turbo Powered Triple Brush Sweeper , 2880Bto do quick pick ups on bare floors and carpets between regular mopping/vacuuming days , especially for cat hair , around the litter box and surface dirt . I use on door mats , bath mats , throw rugs , bare floors and carpet . Tried on furniture too and works there as well -LRB- especially for cat hair -- picks up most but not all -RRB- . Amazing how much it picks up ! It 's easy to empty the dirt bin , low on noise , lasts great on a single charge . I previously owned a Shark carpet sweeper that finally died -LRB- after 5 + years -RRB- . I like this sweeper more -- charge lasts longer and it picks up better . Checked Amazon reviews and Consumer Reports recommendations and reviews before purchasing . Delivered on day 2 of promised delivery 3-day range , 8 days for my location .
 I love this . It really picks up things really good , even if it is a bigger item . It cleaned up rice that was a little wet . My 4 year old knows how to turn it on and use it so it is great for little kids to use and to teach them to clean up after themself . Even my 2.5 year old nephew was able to use it .
 I got this 3 months ago and so far no problems . I liked its sleek black look . I like the way the top cradles in your palm . It opens cans just fine and dandy . No complaints .
 I have gone through a lot of can openers in the course of my life , this one holds up very well . We use it often , never had any problems with it .
 Attractive , easy to use and clean . I love the scissor and knife sharpener , though I did not buy for these features , I have found them helpful .
 So far so good , works well , is tall enough for taller cans and looks good as well !
 I simply adore this Electric Can Opener that I purchased from Amazon.com . It matches my decor and it is easy to use . I have had no problems with it and I have owned it for five -LRB- 5 -RRB- months or so . I would definitely reccommend any consumer to purchase this product . Farberware products stand in a class by themselves .
 It makes a nice cut all around and holds the lid after it 's severed . Sometimes I have to futze with it to get it started . I think that 's just me getting it lined up right . Sleek design , looks nice , and does n't take up a lot of counter space .
 This is a nice can opener to look at . And it does open the cans with alittle manuvoring .
 I purchased this iron to satisfy and replace my desire for the laura star garment system iron that I had seen a couple of months ago ; that particular system was extremely awesome however the price tag was extremely high nearing the $ 1,000 mark . So to help me overcome my desire for such a system I thought I would purchase the Rowenta since I had heard it was a great iron . I purchased the Rowenta DX6900 . I was not expecting to be pleased in comparison to the above mentioned system . I was amazed . It did a great job on my clothes . I would recommend this iron . It pressed my clothes effortlessly and I am pleased with my purchase . And I saved a lot of money compared to the other one . I may however purchase the Rowenta Ironing Board as it appears to aid in the desired finished product . D. Smith
 Almost 10 years ago I had purchased a basic model iron from Rowenta to use in my upholstery and drapery workroom . With the very heavy use and the iron being used daily , it did n't tire out until six years later ! Since then I have purchased several irons of various makes , but not one lived up to the needs of my business . So , in January of this year , I up-graded to the Rowenta Power Duo DX 6900 . This iron stands far above the rest . I am a true Rowenta fan and will never again buy another brand of iron !
 After suffering through the purchase of four deadbeat irons in the past four years -LRB- a Shark that leaked , a Black and Decker that did n't get hot enough , a B&D that refused to steam ... -RRB- I would have paid any -LRB- reasonable -RRB- amount of money for an iron that actually worked as it said it would . In the three weeks I 've been using this iron , I have been more than impressed with it 's quality and performance ability . My clothes have never looked better and this iron makes it a breeze ! Ironing is no longer the tedious chore it had been . Save yourself some time and skip right to this iron !
 The weight , feel , steaming , and ability to glide over fabric all make this easily a 5 star iron.The biggest problem for me is that the instruction book talks about the light indicating when it is heating versus done heating , and in fact the light goes on and stays on when the iron is ON , whether or not it is at the proper temperature . This is not a bug in my specific iron ; a friend has one from an earlier batch in a different color , and it has the same disparity between the book and reality.Some home sewers complain about the iron 's turn-off feature . I do n't mind too much . The light DOES blink in the turned-off mode and clicks back to steady light so you know it is responding , and seems to reheat quickly .
 It is true that you get what you pay for ! If you buy an inexpensive iron , which I 've done in the past , you get an inferior product ! I 'm a big `` ironer '' and I can tell you without hesitation that this is the best iron I 've ever used ! Highly recommend this iron .
 Yeah that 's right , this is a man 's iron ! My old iron , may it rest in peace , was put out of commission finally after about 20 years -LRB- a black & decker -RRB- . I 'd look up its model number or whatever but , it 's gone bye bye . Anyway , it was coughing up `` iron blood , '' you know the white stuff , and that just does n't cut it when you 're ironing something black . But I was still using it anyway , but then one morning when I was done with a shirt , I yanked the cord free , but part of it was still plugged in . So , that was a sign from God obviously , right ? , so I went to some store with a lot of appliances and stuff to find me a new iron.Well , I get there and they have a large selection of irons on display . I find two , 2 ! , that were n't feminine . As in ... girly colors and all that crap . But I guess I 'm in the minority , a guy that irons . Well , it 's because of the Navy . Anyway , so there 's two irons on the display that are acceptable . So I look below to find them , and neither of them are in stock ... but yeah , they have a ton of the feminine ones.So , I came on Amazon and found the one I liked on display at the store , and bought it . Yeah , it 's more than I ever thought I 'd spend on a freekin iron ... ugh ... but OMFG it rocks ! I guess in the last 20 years the technology for irons has somehow increased . Maybe it 's just the metal on the bottom ... who knows , but this thing puts out the steam , and it 's just so easy to iron stuff . I have big hands so I accidentally moved the dial once or twice , but that 's just part of the learning curve I guess ... yeah a learning curve with an iron ... I 'm actually educated but oh well . Anyway , if you 're a guy , or if you need to give a guy an iron -LRB- maybe in the military , going to college , etc. -RRB- that wo n't turn him off to ironing , then this is probably your best bet . Ironing is no fun , so you might as well make it as painless as possible .
 Just got this iron and there is a remarkable difference in the quality of the steam output compared to my old panasonic iron . It puts out a nice consistent flow of steam . My cotton dinner napkins have never looked so good . Also , the seller of this item got it to me in just 4 days .
 Growing up in Germany , I only buy genuine German irons . This Rowenta certainly holds up to the company 's reputation . It 's heavier than a `` normal '' American iron , but that helps when you want a sturdy crease on your sleeve or pant leg . Definitely a great iron for under $ 100 .
 I researched irons for about a week before deciding to buy the DX6900 over the much reviewed Black & Decker 2000 . I liked the extra power it offers -LRB- 1700 -RRB- and that it was made in Germany . The unit is very well made and inspires confidence.After using it for about 3 months , all I can say is that it is the best iron I have ever had . We have a cleaning lady and she loves this iron too . It heats up very quickly with its 1700w of power , and this makes a big difference when you have to use the pro steam feature . The DX6900 is one of the more powerful irons in this price range . The pro steam feature is very good . The steam output is fantastic and really gets the job done . The steam feature can only be bested by pro level irons like the Rowenta DG503.If you use your iron a lot and prefer not to have the auto-shut off feature then get the Rowenta DX6650 , which I believe is essentially the same iron without the shut-off mechanism.About the leaking problems that I have read about
 I gave this as a gift to my mother , who would rather hoe weeds than iron , and she is n't fond of hoeing . This is the first iron in her 80 plus years that she actually likes !
 If you have a MMM combo in any of your rc vehicle 's i ca n't stress how much this is gon na help you out there is some much to tune and play with , just get the cable as you can download the software off their site if this helps anyone : D
 Love this thing the set up is easy and the download is easy works great a must have for rc fun
 I used this tool to update my castle BEC , and it worked just as advertized . Nothing more to say . Very simple , and much better than using the radio .
 Excellent product and very easy to use . Purchase was very easy and very fast shipping would recommend to all . This is a must for all RC enthusiasts that want to get the most from their aircraft or cars/trucks .
 Works just as it should.Makes programming your ESC very simply and easy !
 Works perfectly . Everything by castle creations is top quality , the castle link is no different . I must if you have any of the programable controllers
 Great dresser for the money , fairly easy to assemble . Only 4-stars because the handles are flimsy , I changed them out with some nice brushed nickel ones from Lowe 's . Looks great , bought the matching night-stand too . I 've had it for a good 3-4 months now , its holding up pretty well ...
 We first came across these knives in a small restaurant in the Alsace area of France . Although the innkeeper told us where we could buy them , we did n't have enough time left in France to look thoroughly . One of the first things we did when we got home was to check Amazon for them , and we were able to find exactly what we had used in France . These knives feel good to hold , look elegant and classic , and best of all go through every piece of meat as though it was the tenderest filet . The Laguiole name is an old and highly respected name in knives both in France and elsehwhere in the world , and their signature `` bee '' adds to the sense of a well-crafted and aesthetically pleasing product .
 I bought these knives many years ago , black and bone handled , respectively , and they are the sharpest , clean cutting knives I have ever owned ! I would recommend them to all ... . Birthday gift , Christmas gift , any are applicable!Enjoy them if you desire to buy them , they stand the test of time ! Kara Walker , ATL , GA , USA
 Order was delivered earlier than expected . Knives are very attractive - they were requested by a family member , and I think they will be very happy with them .
 The knives are not only completely gorgeous , but the quality of the workmanship is excellent .
 I have NEVER found sheets that really fit my very thick mattress , not only do these fit-the are beautiful and very soft . I have n't washed them yet but I am ordering more anyway !
 Very very very nice sheet set . Most luxorious . I am very pleased wtih the quality and the value .
 Pictures do not do this clock justice . It is a very beautiful piece . Very heavy for it 's size and definitely a quality piece that will last a lifetime and be able to be passed down to future generations . Has a very pleasant nautical chime which is not too harsh and not too quiet - just right and love to hear it . It is good to see an item of this quality when so many other items nowadays are disposable - ths is definitely one that you will keep forever . Could n't be happier with it . Apparently Weems Plath has been making precision marine navigation items since the early 1900 's - I would beleive it . This is no throwaway item . Brass color in picture a bit muted compared to the real thing .
 This clock is a good buy . It has a solid , well-finished , shiny brass case with screw-on bezel -LRB- for access to a battery - operated quartz movement -RRB- and an electronic bell ring.This was a good find for me , for a replacement of my 35-yr . old windup , 8-day Salem ships-bell clock that finally `` gave up the ship '' and could n't be repaired for lack of parts . Except for not having the louder resonant ring of my old clock , this is very nice . And I do n't have to wind it once a week!Weems & Plath Ship 's Wheel Collection Bell ClockWeems & Plath Ship 's Wheel Collection Bell Clock
 I really do like the flavor of this soup . I do n't find the flavor bland at all , but I also do n't smoke or eat a lot of salt or sugar -LRB- things that can greatly affect one 's ability to taste flavors -RRB- . I do n't add anything to this soup and enjoy it for lunch once or twice a week . The portion is just right . I wish it was available for subscribe & save.HOWEVER , the lid sucks ! I do spill a good tablespoon or so getting the lid to peel off and inevitably have to wash my hands and wipe off the counter . There 's just no easy way around it that I can figure out . That is the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 . But the soup is so much better than it 's competition that I still buy it regularly .
 A good fast satifying lunch of about 2 cups and 240 caleries.Ample meat and flavorful broth .
 I got these yesterday and had one for supper . It was very yummy . Other reviewers said that they had problems with the container . The only problem that I had with the container was that it made a loud popping noice a few times while in the microwave , but the label warned me of this so I expected it . I had no problems opening the metal lid . It was like any other pull tab lid . Anyways , the soup is excellent and I would highly recommend if you like Italian Style Wedding Soup .
 This is my favorite Progresso soup . Full of little meatballs and spinach in a flavorful broth . If you are tired of chicken noodle , chicken rice , etc , try this !
 I really enjoy this soup . It has a flavorful broth . Pasta , Meatballs , Carrots and seasoned with spinach .
 The comforter was just as I expected it to be . I also liked the free shipping and quick service .
 Very cute mold . We had a hard time getting the sticks to stay in some of them because the palm tree trucks are n't super thick , but if you play with it a little , you can get it to work .
 These are fantastic jars but the prices on here are ridiculous except for ACE hardware . If you want to save some more money for slightly more hassle order these from ACE hardware 's website and select the ship to store option -LRB- free shipping -RRB- and select an ACE store close to home or one you pass by on the way to work . Hope this helps .
 Just what you need if you 're Perhaps Feeling TEKnichal work with some jars . Are perfect for any application you throw at them . Airtight , strong , nice clear glass . I will be buying more .
 I bought these jars for a pie recipe and they are just the right size .
 I bought these to make mini pies for the holidays . They work great and even have the little freshness `` button '' on top that gets sucked in when canning stuff . You can freeze them , put them in the oven , and microwave them .
 The equivalent of Ball brand is no longer being sold . These jars are good quality & the price isnt bad considering you are getting them shipped -LRB- this is if you have amazon prime or spend over 25 for free shipping -RRB- . They are only like a dollar hceaper locally and they are near impossible to find especially if you need more than a dozen.They seal nice with the rubber seal . . & pressure cook beautifuly .
 I could n't find any 1/2 pint wide mouth jars in my area so I decided to try these out . I have n't had any problems with them .
 I love theses little jars . They are perfect for canning small gifts , like jellies and chutney 's . Last year I bought the same jars from somewhere else and the lids were white . I like the silver lids much better . I like the fact they come with lables .
 Got these to make personal sized pies in and freeze them . Worked great ! Now I can enjoy my favorite pie without making a pig of myself or wasting half a pie . I put the pies together and than just freeze them , when I want one I take it out and put them in a cool oven so the glass does n't heat up too fast . Just like cooking a frozen pie from the store and so yummy ! I 'm sure I 'll use them for other things as well like small jars of pizza sauce since I always op + en a jar and forget about it in the fridge so half of the jar goes bad .
 arrived very timely and exactly as described . 10/10 would buy again . Probably will in a couple weeks when I run out again .
 I wanted to make several different types of jellies for Christmas gifts . These canning jars come in just the right amount and size to let me experiment with small batches of different recipes and still have enough of each to give my friends and family several samples.This wo n't likely be tall enough to fit long vegetables that are not cut down . Like I said though , perfect for canning liquids where you can split that up into any size .
 I purchased these jars to store opened tins of pipe tobacco , and they are perfect for that application . A 50 gram tin fits nicely in the jar with just a bit of space left at the top . The wide mouth of these jars make it easy to remove tobacco for a smoke . The regular small mason type jars have too small an opening to get your fingers in to pull out the needed amount of tobacco . Put a piece of aluminum foil on top of the tobacco , then a moistened , folded paper towel on top of that to keep the tobacco from drying out . The jars seal very well and the large lids make opening and closing an easy task.They would also be a great size to store other small items in such as screws , nuts , washers , craft items , etc. . They stack well . Of course , their intended purpose is for jams/jelly , and I would think they would be the perfect thing for that task .
 When i received my package and opened it , i found that one of the jars was shattered ! only one though . This is most likely ups 's fault . there were peanuts and paper inside with the jars and a fragile sticker on the outside . Overall these are some damn good jars , just wish they didnt break in the shipping process . Also the lids seemed kinda cheap
 I must admit that my feces collection looks quite nice on the shelf in my new jars . I will be buying more the next time our family makes tacos . Great product
 Our family was making apple butter over an open fire and I could n't find the wide mouth 1/2 pint jars any where local . I always check amazon and sure enough they had them and I received them in time.Very nice canning jars with lids and rings .
 Product was as advertised , great jars . Shipping was prompt , fast but most important it was packed very well and not 1 of the 48 jars incurred any damage .
 I 've been looking everywhere for these squat little 1/2 pint canning jars . While the `` tall '' 1/2 pint jars are everywhere , they just do n't have the sophisticated look of the small , wide-mouth 1/2 pint containters . They are perfect for gifts.They arrived in great condition and I 'm canning apple butter into them now .
 i order mason jars and recived them in 3 days and nothing was broken excellent wrapping . i definaly will be order from them from now on .
 These jars are the perfect size to make `` pie in a jar '' or for jams . They alos have a very nice look to them w/a silver lid instead of gold . They were a little spendy but nicely packed and came quickly .
 I 'll start by saying that this is a criticism of Amazon listings in general . A friend of mine in the mid-west had some `` Ball '' mason 1/2 pint jars that looked as if you took the quart jar and lobbed off most of it . So they 're kind of flat , but they hold a half pint and have a wide mouth . Well , I did some searching here and found 4 in a package for 10 or more dollars . I wanted more than four so after some digging around I found this product . Well , they 're flattish and have a wide mouth , BUT THERE 'S NO PICTURE OF THE ACTUAL JAR !!! I have simply not purchased things on Amazon for this reason.After looking at the reviews and seeing that someone said they liked the `` squat look '' of the product I decided to go for it . Well , they 're not what I was looking for , but they 're very cute and will do for my purposes . They may even be better , but time and experience will have to determine that . I use jars to store all of my leftovers or take-alongs in order to avoid plastic .
 Ca n't wait to use these jars . They came very fast and were just want I wanted . I plan to make cherry pies in a jar as gifts .
 The perfect size and weight for pie in a jar !!! Looked everywhere locally and had no luck for the right size . Searched online and this was the best price by far . Ordered two cases and not one jar was broken . Excellent !
 These Kerr jars are better for applying labels to than the Ball jars because they have much less embossing on them . Labels will fit smoothly when they do n't have all the bumps from embossing that Ball jars have . Their quality is just as good , and they cost less . I use them for canning , vacuum-packed dehydrated foods , and pies in a jar which are stored in the freezer and baked on demand .
 bought for an older lady i know & she loves them used a couple times already i think.said sealed up fine & works great .
 here are extra words yes they are listen to my words , read them , appreciate the twenty of them . ah hah .
 These jars were exactly the size I needed and they arrived unbroken . I will say that the price sucks in my opinion but I guess shipping glass is n't cheap .
 I used these jars for homemade Christmas gifts . I would order these again . they were nice and held the right amount of hand scrub
 These little jars were perfect for Christmas gifts of caramel sauce ! Very cute and rustic.Would be perfect for wedding favors !
 I purchased these to make little apple pies in , and they worked perfectly . You can fill them with your crust and pie filling and freeze them until ready to use , then , you just pop the lid off and bake them . Delicious little apple pies -LRB- or whatever pie you want to put in them . -RRB-
 Ordered this size which I could not find in stores locally . Wanted to make pies-in-a-jar for Christmas Eve dessert . While the recipe preparation seemed to take me hours , the jars worked well . I like the concept and have more recipes to try . I kept the packing flat they came in ... easy to store that way in a single box in the garage . If I tire of their original use , there 's always good uses for glass jars ... or easy to resell .
 I use these jars for my Christmas Honey Cinnamon Butter and they are hard to find in the local stores . These were great !
 These jars arrived quickly and in excellent condition . They will be perfect for the small food gifts I am preparing for family and friends .
 Jars were just the right size for my individual fruit pie crisps and great for the freezer . I 'm giving them for Christmas gifts this year .
 These cooking pans , etc. work great in my toaster oven ! Great price too ! Recently purchased the toaster oven and wanted to use it to bake .
 Love these pans . The only thing I found disappointing was the muffin tin is not rectangular . It is rounded on the ends which makes it too large for the width of my toaster oven .
 Although this 4-piece toaster oven set is a gift -LRB- to go with a toaster oven -RRB- I was impressed with the weight and quality of the pieces when I opened the carefully packed box . Reading reviews prior to purchase , this seemed to be a highly recommended toaster oven set . If/when we purchase a convection oven , I will look carefully at the Chicago brand .
 I purchased these for my convection oven and they are perfect . Although I have n't had them all that long , I 've used them enough to feel good about their quality . The pan and rack are fantastic for cooking bacon .
 Good product , I have used both pans thus far and they both cooked well and cleaned easily . Fits in the oven well . I would recommend this product to others.Pen Penlittle
 These are great quality pans and I get more use from my toaster oven now . It 's nice to just heat the small toaster oven rather than the big oven sometimes . They clean very easily , too , which is a definite plus .
 The right size . Sturdy . Quality non-stick surface . Stores easily inside oven when not in use . Excellent quality and price.This was exactly what I was looking for and I recommend .
 Great quality bakeware for the toaster oven . Everything as advertised . Makes me happy and so does the Jiffy corn muffins I make with the muffin pan ! Very easy cleaning as well ...
 My toaster oven did not come with a pan or cookie sheet . After looking at several available set I chose the Chicaog Metallic Toaster Oven Baking Set . The set if very solid and can easily be used my full-size oven as well . I have never found any regular baking set that was any better .
 A couple months ago , my oven conked out . Worried about the cost of repairs , I got out a counter top convection oven I had in storage . Unfortunately , the only pan I could find to fit was 12 x 12 and covered the entire rack -LRB- not good for convection -RRB- . This also meant I could only cook one item at a time . I searched local stores for roasting pans and muffin tins that would fit ... to no avail . I was thrilled when I found this set on Amazon and I ordered them immediately!Well , I 've used each and every one of them several times now . They are fabulous ! The rack fits into both of the rectangular pans -LRB- one shallow and the other deep -RRB- . This gives me lots of options for broiling and roasting . The muffin tin fits perfectly as well . -LRB- My only disappointment is that I have to bake half a batch at one time but I have noticed that the muffin tins are also sold separately , so , I may order one soon -RRB- . From what I can tell right now , these pans are an excellent quality and I will look for Chicago Metallic pans in the future . These pans clean up easily ! Even burned on grease soon comes off with a minimum of soaking and very little scrubbing . The rack cleans up easily as well and they can go into the dishwasher , too.I love them and I am so happy to have found them . Problem solved and I am cookin ' again !
 I got this for my toaster oven that I got for Christmas . With my husband deployed , I like the fact that I can cook small meals for just me and my daughter without heating up the entire oven . Also , I like to get the muffin mix where you just add milk or water and it makes six muffins and this actually comes with a muffin tin that holds six muffins .
 Between the Brand and the Price , I was sure it was not the some Chicago Metallic Company I did business with over 2 decades ago . I had just priced one -LRB- 1 -RRB- pan at Wal-Mart , by a so-so brand , for over $ 10 . The Chicago Metallic Non-Stick 4-Piece Toaster Oven Set I received today feels and looks like the :2 10x4 bread pans12 and 6 cup muffin pansPerforated Baguette PanPizza Crisper PanDeep Dish Pizza PanI bought over 2 decades ago from Chicago Metallic.With simple care , these pans will outlast you!I am so happy with this purchase . Quality and Price -LRB- $ 16.56 I paid -RRB- here are unbeatable .
 A nice little set that works great in our Breville toaster oven . Would highly recommend . Clean up is easy with the finish they have on them .
 This set is perfect , I cook for one most of the time . This set makes muffins , just perfect for breakfast , and roast just comes out nice and brown , cookies come out so nice . The best part is the clean up , everything comes out easy , no sticking . Washing is easy , by hand or dishwasher . I love these pans . Perfect for my toaster oven . Cooking for one is the best .
 Pans match price paid in quality ... They definatly fit in the smallest of toaster ovens . Cake pan is folded at corners so expect it might rust sooner than other two . Like that it has a roasting rack ... perfect for small meatloaf or 2 medium chicken breast etc. . Muffin pan surprised me a bit , quality seems better than cake pan -- heavier than other two . Cookie sheet fits two slices of bread , nothing more . Over all I 'm happy with purchase .
 I purchased a set of these after much research . The `` broiler '' style pan and grate are excellent and the quality unsurpassed . Amazon has the best price for these to replace the `` tin '' trays that come with your toaster oven . These are heavy weight and deep enough for a roast or other larger items . I use mine in a Black & Decker single grate oven and they work perfectly.I was AMAZED when I made some nachos in the pan , the cheese dripped and burned onto the bottom of the pan and NOTHING STICKS ! Great value , great quality , and you wo n't be disappointed .
 How could you not rate these a 5 ? These pans are durable , well made and carry a manufacturers warranty of 25 years ! They are not the flimsy cookware that you would expect to get for this price . These pans will last for years ! They are small and made for the smaller toaster ovens , which is what mine is so they work for me . I looked to see if they also made a pizza pan but I could n't find one . That 's the only pan that I 'm lacking . I definitely recommend these to anyone looking for cookware for their toaster oven . You will never need to purchase any other pans unless you want to add to the set . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 Received the baking set in mint condition !!! Use it pracitically every day ... kids love making cup cakes and brownies with them ... the trays were little bit small , but perfect for kids to handle ... Thanks again !!!
 We have used it several times since we received the set . It is everything they said it was . Heavy duty , easy to clean coated surfaces . We made some corn bread muffins . Just the right size and quantity for the two of us.Would recommend this set to anyone that wants a baking set for their toaster oven .
 I received my bakeware in record fast time . I love it . Nice high quality . The set includes just the pieces I need for my Toaster Oven.I would order again from this company .
 These are wonderful ! I was looking for the right size for my Convectional/Microwave/combined . I know the name which quality is 110 % . There is a 25 year warranty on these . They are not flimsy at all . There weight , constuction , non-stick , diswasher safe and the price you just can not beat . This is the best product to purchase.The maufacturer is one of the first to make these items . These products are a quality product .
 I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE PRODUCT !!! SEEING YOU NO LONGER GET A BROILER / BAKING TRAY WITH THE BLACK & DECKER OVEN , IT WAS THE PERFECT SOLUTION & FIT !!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE NEEDING A REPLACEMENT OR A NEW ADD ON !!!
 So far so good . My toaster oven only came with one shallow pan . This helps out quite a bit . I do n't think I 've used my oven since . When it 's just one person , the toaster oven is the way to go .
 FIT MY TOASTER OVEN VERY GOOD . I HAD BEEN LOOKING FOR THESE FOR A WHILE . VERY GOOD SERVICE AND SHIPPED ON TIME .
 These pans are just what I was looking for and much better quality than I expected . They are heavy duty and work like a charm . They fit perfect in my toaster oven and also fit great in my NuWave oven . Worth every penny I paid for them . They are perfect for our 2 person household
 We have an average sized toaster oven and we use it a lot especially in the summer ! I have ordered 2 sets of these and gave one to my sister and we both love them ! They are a great quality but should be hand washed and dried to prevent any type of water sitting in places !
 Great pans , would purchase again ! Dishwash safe but I would recommend washing by hand to keep the wonderful finish sparkling ! Will recommend to friends and family . Fit my new Breville toaster over perfectly .
 really good product and just what i expected , is get on time and is just beautiful and original botton line i love it
 a great set when you cook for 2 and do n't need full size verything . I use this set in my conventional oven . clean up is a breeze
 I was pleasantly susrprised at how high the quality is , as I was expecting something more cheaply made for this price .
 My daughter was thrilled to get pans that would fit in the toaster oven . Thanks for making them available with the toaster oven section .
 These work just perfect for my toaster oven . It 's great to have a good product that is just the right size .
 I bought these for my new , small convection oven and I love them . I 've used them for cookies , muffins and broiling . They are great , non-stick and easy to clean . I definitely recommend them .
 This is a very sturdy product . It is not light weight and cheap . It is great quality and cleans up nicely . Would recommend it !!
 I recently bought a convection toaster oven and these pans are perfect for it . I would definitely buy this item again .
 I really did not expect the top quality , heavy construction of this set . I 've only had it a few days and I already love it ! Made a small -LRB- equal to an 8x8 '' or 9x9 '' -RRB- birthday cake ; made muffins in the muffin pan and look forward to many years of good use out of these ! And I do mean years , these pans are certainly made to last and of better quality than many expensive `` top of the line '' products . This is absolutely worth the small price !
 Good but the muffin tin does n't fit in my toaster oven . Its rounded edges should be straight so it would fit.All the others fit fine .
 When they say non-stick , they mean non-stick . Easy clean up , even baking , just the right size . Have n't been disappointed during the many times we 've used them .
 I use it all the time in my toast oven . There is not a day goes by that I do n't pull out a pan to bake , roast or cook something . Highly recommend it . Only negative is that the corners seem to rust a bit but I have been able to wash them in the dishwasher . Good buy .
 These are great -- heavy-duty , real bakeware -- sized for the toaster oven . No more using the flimsy aluminum pieces that came with my oven , or using thin disposables.I 'm really happy I purchased these
 The pans are exactly what I was looking for , just wish they were bigger for my large size toaster oven .
 It 's not bakeware you will pass down to your children and grandchildren , but for the price and the occasional baking in a toaster oven , it 's great . They clean up fine in the dishwasher , and I have n't noticed any rust on the pieces after about a dozen washes . Fits in my Cuisinart TOB-40 toaster oven fine , and makes small baking jobs a breeze .
 This set is as nice as the many postive reviews have stated it is . I love the non-stick finish and have had no problems with it -LRB- but I do handwash these peices -- this takes no time , it is very easy to clean -RRB- . I have a convection toaster oven that fits a 12 '' pizza . The reason I have given this product four stars is that the cookie sheet slightly bows dependinging on how long I have it in the oven -- this does n't happen every time I use it . The muffin pan is great and fits perfectly . If I could change anything about this set I would make the cookie sheet a little larger -- the pan that came with my oven is 9.5 x 10.5 where as this pan is much smaller . Over all a great set for the money .
 This little set is an exceptional value ! These pans have a 25 year warranty . I had been using a hodge-podge of mis matched pans for my toaster oven . Then I found this set and find I really enjoy using my oven now . I also purchased a pizza stone for the toaster oven also . BTW ... I had originally purchased this bakeware as a gift for my mother . I liked it so well that I kept it and ordered her a second set . You will be happy with this set .
 Heavy-duty and well-made set for toaster ovens . Substantial material versus the flimsy sets that usually come with an oven . This was an exceptional find !
 these pans looked very sturdy and it was just what I was looking for however I have a standard sized toaster oven and unfortunately the muffin tin does n't fit which was actually one of the main reasons I got the set so I 'll be returning it . I wish I had seen the reviews stating that it did n't fit their toaster oven but I got this on a whim during a lunch break at work so next time I know I 'll read more . otherwise they were great pans but I did n't need the other pans as much as the muffin tin although they were also nice . I 'll have to look for another muffin tin for my camper .
 Love them . These will really come in handy for cooking for two people . I especially like the 6 cup muffin tin . It is easy to clean and store . We will be using these products for many years to come .
 I recently purchased this set to use with my new Breville Compact Oven . All of the pans fit nicely , with room to spare . So far I have used the cookie sheet at least a dozen times without a single stuck spot . They are so non-stick it 's barely necessary to wash them after use . All you really need to do is give it a quick wipe and they are good to go . I would give the set 5 stars if not for the cookie sheet warping at high temps -LRB- over 400 degrees -RRB- .
 You can feel the quality when you heft one of the pans , these are made of heavier gauge steel which means they wo n't be popping out of shape when heated to temperature like the cheaper stuff . Nice non-stick coating and sized right for the toaster oven , leaving enough room on the sides for good heat circulation .
 I just received this set , so I do n't know how they 'll do over time , but the pans seem like they 're pretty high quality . However , the actual sizes are slightly different than the ones listed in the description : Cookie pan
 For 6 months , I had only a toaster oven , so I used it to cook everything . This pan set was perfect , and surprisingly great quality . I used either the cookie sheet or the cake pan nearly every day for roasting , baking , broiling . The nonstick is great , the metal is thick and sturdy . These do n't seem cheesy at all , especially compared with other sets.The pan 's capacity is about the same as a square 8x8 or 9x9 , so you do n't have to change quantities for cornbread , brownies , etc.Now I have a full oven , and no toaster oven anymore , but I still use these pans all the time to cook for just the 2 of us .
 I love my T-Fal toaster/convection oven , but the curved design made it hard to find pans that fit . The measurements listed on other pans I bought only referred to the cooking area , not the whole pan . Nearly every one I found had a `` lip '' around it that prevented me from closing the door . I also found some of the materials to be flimsy.The Chicago Metallic Toaster Oven Baking Set fits perfectly and are as well-made as the full sized pans . I was pleased that the muffin tins were full sized , too . -LRB- I would n't mind if they made a mini-muffin tin , though ! -RRB- I would certainly recommend this to anyone who uses their toaster oven !
 Now that I am older and cooking for 1 -LRB- widowed and children all grown and gone -RRB- I needed some smaller size baking pans and these fill the bill nicely.I use them in the convection oven rather than a toaster oven.I highly recommend them .
 this is a great product - makes our toaster oven even more useful . easy to clean . so happy we found this one !
 IF THE NON-STICK IS COMING OFF AFTER A WHILE , WRITE A EMAIL TO Chicago Metallic , they will honor their warranty to the fullest !!! I dont normally write reviews on amazon but I felt compelled to write this one after how Chicago Metallic honored their 25 year warranty.I orgnally bought this item last year around christmas and have been using it ever seince , I have made everything in it from lasagnas to whole chickens . After a year or so the non stick coating was coming off of one of the pans that I used the most , instantly I was disappointed . I remembered that this product had a 25 year warranty so I decided to email the company.I sent them a picture of my defective pan along with my mailing address and low and behold a week later fed-ex drops off a package . Inside the package is A WHOLE SET OF NEW PANS , brand new in package . Thanks for honoring the warranty and the pans are really great and fit perfectly in myBlack & Decker TRO480BS Toast-R-Oven 4-Slice Toaster Oven .
 I have a toaster oven that is a good size , not a little dinky one , so I was looking for pans that were n't tiny but smaller than full size pans . These are great . They are plenty big enough for one person , but not little tiny pans . They have a good weight to them , still look nice and unwarped after almost daily use , and no rust ! The only think I do n't like is that the deeper pan has sharper corners , not rounded , so it 's a little hard to clean in the corners . But that 's pretty minor . I had bought more expensive brand-name pans in the past that ended up rusting and scratching if you look at them wrong . These have not rusted and still look great . They are definitely worth the money .
 I bought this set to use in my Cuisinart Toaster oven and am very pleased with it . It is sturdy enough not to buckle in a hot oven , provides an even cooking surface and is easy to clean . The dishes are also easy to take out of the oven . It is great for roasted vegetables or baked goods.I use it mainly for small meals . It will hold sufficient food for two , but not much more.However , this set is definitely good value for its price .
 Awesome baking pans , easy to clean , and nest nicely . Helpful for me , since my storage space is very limited . Pans can be used in the toaster oven or regular oven . A great product !
 I ordered this set for my Oster toaster oven and love it . It is heavy and high-quality . Came back and ordered another set for my sister . Definitely worth the price .
 There are days when you do n't want to turn on the big oven for just a little thing . And that is when you use your little countertop toaster oven , right ? Well ... Only if you have the right gizmos to go with it!This set is it ! Great quality , and just the right pieces.I love the six muffin tin . I live alone , so a dozen muffins is way too much , but using a six servings mix -LRB- many in the market today -RRB- helps my budget and my waistline.The mini pan/rack combo is great for anything from toasting a sandwich , to grilling crisp chicken breasts.The `` deep dish '' pan works great for Chicago style pizzas for one.This was one of my best `` handy '' kitchen additions lately . Definitely worth the price !
 Easy to use , easy to clean . Bakes evenly ... no hot spots . Light weight . I use one or the other of the pans everyday . I believe this to be a great product . Use them in my Convection Toaster Oven ... roast a chicken , making muffins and baking cookies ... I Love these baking pans .
 These small pans are really heavy , well made , and a correct size for most counter-top toaster ovens.They distribute the heat well , and are terrific for small meals , breads , and baked deserts . Most of my -LRB- large -RRB- standard kitchen speciality baking pans are great , but I would n't mind if they were this easy to use.These little `` guys '' are considerably nicer than I expected , ... and they arrived very soon after they were ordered .
 If there were 6 stars this product should get it . I decided to purchase this toaster oven set to use in my sun oven actually . I know my sun oven has smaller dimensions , closer to a toaster oven , so I figured the pans would fit , which they did . And after reading the reviews on other toaster oven sets , I ordered these . To my surprise they are much better than I expected , and the reviews reflect this too , so if you 're looking for a set , I would recommend the Chicago Metallic . The coating is extra slick and thicker than most . I 'm very satisfied .
 With two of us we wanted a smaller everything . I had a small toaster convection oven but needed the right baking pans . These are perfect , stable well made and the right size . They can be used in a standard size oven , but why heat that up when it is easier , cheaper and using less energy . Perfect muffins , Great cookies , meat loaf super !
 A great set of pans for our toaster oven . My wife really likes the quality of the 4 piece set and is really pleased with our purchase . Hopefully the pans work as good as they look . The items also have a 25 year warranty from Chicago Metallic , which is another plus !
 I needed another pan for grilling so I bought this . The grilling pan is a bit smaller than I would have liked but it works . I would recommend this product . Does well in dishwasher !!
 Easy clean , had about 4 months , no flaking off of non-stick coating . The muffin pan is too large for my toater , but I did n't really buy it for that . Good Set . Recommended .
 Love these , they are the prefect size for the small pizzas and easy to clean and take care of . The kids love them and use them almost everyday for different things .
 Great product . Works great with my new toaster oven . Non stick and perfect sized . . works with my new toaster oven like no other .
 I have multiple baking pans already , but I find that I am using these more than my expensive ones . They clean up so much better with no effort . I use these for one or two servings , re-heating , broiling , baking etc. and I do n't have to use my larger pans ... makes clean up even easier . Nothing sticks or leaves residue as some of my much more expensive non stick pans have . They do n't warp on high heat either . These are great pans and were so cheap . They are a smaller size , but I like not using a pan larger than I need for one or two servings . Get these before they sell out . You wo n't be disappointed . Another great Amazon buy !
 No idea why they would n't make that pan square ended like the others , does n't fit anywhere close . But I have no desire to bake full sized muffins in a toaster oven anyway . Pans are quality non-stick and I 've baked a full range of things -LRB- probably 30 uses so far -RRB- and coating is holding up nicely . Other sets I have bought for the toaster oven lost the coating quickly .
 These pans are great for my toaster oven with the exception of the cupcake pan which did not fit in my regular sized toaster oveb . I had one soaking for a day and it did not rust in the least bit . I would highly reccomend these pans if you have the right sized toaster oven for them .
 First pan that did not burn things in new toaster oven ! Makes decision to get the thing much better . Thanks
 Absolute necessity if you use a toaster oven . Easy to clean with just soap and water . Nice and sturdy . Excellent combination
 This is a must with any toaster oven ! Easy to use . Easy to clean . easy to store ! I would definitely recommend !
 The Chicago metallic non-stick 4-piece toaster oven set are good and sturdy but the muffin pan did n't fit in my toaster oven . The other items fit great . I guess the muffin pan goes out in the yard sale . I 'll keep looking for right size muffin pan for my toaster oven .
 These Chicago Metalic pans are a perfect fit for my toaster oven . I needed the cookie sheets to bake cookies during the hot weather ; my regular size oven gives off too much heat when I bake small amounts.I usually use parchment paper on the cookie sheets to make clean-up easier - and it works very well . I made a good purchase of two sets .
 My husband and I prefer to use the toaster oven during the summer , because the full size oven heats up the kitchen so much . Before purchasing this set , we were somewhat limited to what we could make in the toaster oven . Well , now , we can cook just about anything in there ! Plus , the non-stick surface is really nonstick , food slides off , and messes clean up quickly . We love this set !
 This is a good set . Not great in that the muffin pan does fit , and has no hope of fitting . I 've hand washed my pans , and I 've had no issues with the non-stick surface . Okay , just should have eliminated the ends on the muffin pan .
 I 'm not sorry I bought this , but the muffin pan is too big for my toaster oven . So that was very disappointing . so if you can do with the roaster and small broiler pan this is great . do n't know why they had to oval shape the muffin tin .
 Purchased for Christmas . Has done a good job so far of baking , warming , and toasting . Crumb tray comes out from front . Rack comes part way out with door if rack is in center position . Needs 4 '' clearance around it for heat dissapation . Has no interior light which would be nice since it is a large oven . Control panel os good as has many presets including convection . Am satisfied with it so far . Instruction manual is very good . Appearance is also good . Only con to me is to see it is made in China .
 I bought my daughter a counter-top toaster/confection oven for Christmas . It came with just one shallow pan and I thought she might use the oven more if she had cookware to fit it . She loves them !! Her guy room mates love them even more !
 I am well pleased with this toaster oven set . It is heavy duty and easy to clean . Just the right size for the oven .
 With my new toaster convection oven and these pans I can fix any thing that I want . This arrived very quickly
 These look great and I ca n't wait to use them . If only I could stay home and bake ! Lorem Ipsum
 Purchased this set to use with recently purchased Waring TCO650 Professional Toaster Oven . This set was shown on Amazon to be the set other purchasers normally buy with this oven . I followed the guidance and am grateful for it . They are a perfect fit for this oven . We already have Chicago Metallic Non-Stick pans for our regular oven and have been satisfied with their performance . These non-stick wares are more delicate than non-stick stove top pans . Therefore , you have to be a bit more diligent in their use and care . Soak them in warm soapy water after use and do not use cleaning agents such as Soft-Scrub or harsh and abrasive cleaning pads . Other than that , I highly recommend these pans for toaster ovens that are of the same or greater internal size dimensions as the Waring I purchased . You will not be disappointed .
 We got this bakeware for my kids who are getting interested in cooking . The pans are heavy , solid , and durable . Sadly , I did n't check the fit of the cupcake pan before we started using everything else -- it 's too wide for our toaster oven .
 These work well in my toaster oven , and the non-stick surface has n't failed me yet . I have n't used the cupcake tin yet , but I expect it to perform as well as the other two pans when I do.If you have , or are purchasing a toaster oven , you should be happy with these .
 The pans are very easy to clean and the food they contain is just the right amount for two people . Although , three muffins a piece is excessive in one sitting .
 I know I needed them for a toaster oven , but , I 'm just surprised that they are so small . That 's alright , I just was n't ready for it . I do like them and will get a lot of use out of them . They just looked funny to me because of the size . I just have to learn to cook less since my last convection oven was 2 to 3 times larger . My son laughed when we took the Breville Oven out of the box . I guess we both got a good laugh , but it sure cooks good . I just needed smaller cookware .
 We use them frequently in a newly-purchased toaster oven . They are made to size for our oven 's inside dimensions and the sturdiness makes them great heat-conductors .
 It all fits nicely inside our new toaster over . We 've had the set for a few months & have not had any problems w / food sticking . There are a couple of stains that I ca n't seem to get off , but I 'm afraid to scrub too hard as I do not want to scratch the non-stick coating.I would purchase this set again .
 I own a B&B - and if I 'm going to make something for a few in my off season , this set is great . The quality was wel beyond the price .
 Very nice product , it is NOT the cheap aluminium it is very nice metal set and fit perfect in my 6 slices B % D convention oven , your oven need to be at last 11 inch wide , really recommended !! I made test this weekend with it and bake mini brownie in the 7 x 9 inch form 2 inch high , it is perfect for the mini brownie , not need any spray or oil it does not stick to any surface so you can skip preparing them before , really works great and i did not had to adjust my temperature so that is important , quick hot and quick getting cold still nice design and will not break quick or damage .
 I love this set & use it almost daily . Had shopped around for some time looking for toaster oven pans with no luck . This set has everything you need . Great buy !!
 These pans do fit inside my new Morningware round-shaped tabletop halogen oven . The curved ends on the muffin pan leave room for air to circulate and the other two pans also fit the oven with a bit of room to spare . Round pans would have been better for this shape of oven , but these will serve for some purposes . I suspect these will need to be used with care as the rectangular shape will lead to uneven cooking , especially at higher temperatures . They have a nice thick non-stick coating as does the rack that fits inside either flat pan , making a variety of cooking methods possible with a very few items , all of which can be stored inside the oven when not in use . Saves space , will be very convenient .
 I am really thrilled w / this purchase . . Perfect sizes , great quality . So happy that i can use these not only in the toaster oven , but in my reg . ovens . I wanted to order an additional muffin tin , But the one you can oder individually , is Not the same as the one in the set . . Would highly recommend this set though .
 These are nice pans for the money . I purchased them to go with the toaster oven I puchased for my parents . I used to be able to find these sets in the stores . Now all I could find were single pans to be purchased individually which made them more expensive . I can always find what I need on Amazon .
 i use 1 part of this at least 2-3 times a week -LRB- which is how often i use my toaster oven -RRB- . great results and pans wash up easily too .
 Worth the price . Nothing special . Feels a tad flimsy , but its just a bag holder for a cabinet . Would recommend .
 I keep this on my oak dining room table to protect it between uses . It 's clear , and heavy enough to stay put . The wood shows through nicely . I 'd buy another one .
 This product is exactly what I was looking for . My goal in purchasing this product was to protect our beautiful oak dining table from spills , etc. inflicted upon the table by our three little ones . I like to use placemats so I can see the wood , this works great for that . This tablecloth is very sturdy and wipes off well .
 I purchased this clear tablecloth for my mother-in-law after she told me she had searched many stores in her town but came up empty handed . Once she received this she called to tell me how pleased she is with this tablecloth , saying it is of very nice weight and quality . I am going to buy one for myself so I can use my vintage tablecloths that I never use since I am afraid they will get stained . Thank you for offering this on amazon .
 I am very satisfied with the quality of this product . My dog often jumps up to the table and the tablecloth has not ripped . The product is packaged well with paper between the folded plastic .
 This covers my large table fine and protects it well . It cleans easily and seems to be a good quality .
 This poster is typical of its time . It ties in the novel with the movie . That was the selling point . Fot that reason this poster is really nostalgic looking . It captures the lives of the main characters and how the War affected them and that is what is film is all about .
 Omelet pan is satisfactory and as advertised . It is plenty large for more than one serving .
 I bought 3 of these and everyone who received them are crazy about them . I would reccomend them to anyone who like omelets but has a problem making them .
 I find this omelet Pan easy to use and assemble . My Husband and I use this pan on a regular basis . I spray the pan with PAM cooking spray and then pre-heat . I find it helpful to saute my chopped veggies , then mix my omelet ingredients in a bowl -LRB- 4-eggs , onions , peppers , cheese bacon bits etc. -RRB- and pour my mixed ingredients into the pan only using one side until I am ready to flip the pan . I just flip the pan over several times , from one side to the other until the omelet is cooked all the way through on both sides . I then flip it one final time into a breakfast plate , cut the omelet in half and serve . We have two pans and use them both when we have guest over for brunch ! The clean up is as easy as it gets !
 Purchased as a gift for my son who loves to make omelets !! He thinks it is fantastic !
 I do n't own this actual brand of the pan , but mine looks identical -LRB- bought from Bed , Bath & Beyond for $ 9.99 -RRB- . It 's very easy to use IF you keep the heat turned low -LRB- for my stove it 's just under Medium -RRB- . The omelette cooks s-l-o-w-l-y so make sure the eggs are firm before flipping the pan or you 'll have a mess ! All told it beats the embarrassing pile of `` scramblettes '' that I usually end up with .
 I like the pan alot . So far , the omelettes I have made were the best omelettes I ever had . I used 4 eggs , with green peppers , onions and cheedar cheese . I melted the butter before I put the eggs in the pan , then I put the eggs in each side of the pan , let them cook slowly , added the peppers , onions & cheese , cooked it alittle longer with the pan still open . Once I felt it was almost cooked , I fliped the non handled part over -LRB- no eggs leaked at all -RRB- and cooked it a little longer making sure everything was cooked and the cheese was melted . I cooked it really slow -LRB- on 3 on my electric stove -RRB- They came out so fluffy and delcious . I even put it in the dishwasher and used the pan again . The pan survived the dishwasher and still continues to make great omelettes . I just made sure when I put the pan together when I first got it , that I tightened the screws really well . So far no problems . I was surprised reading so many people were unhappy with it . I 'm actually buying two more today .
 This type of omelet pan has been in my family for years . Never once has an omelet been prepared in it . But it is great for on top of the stove baking . I 've done canned biscuits , medium heat 6 minutes on each side . Makes the best cornbread in a total of 20 minutes . Great for summer time when you do n't want to heat up the kitchen or camping when all you have is a stove top . I bought 4 pans , one for each of my children , and they are thrilled . Now maybe they 'll quit borrowing mine .
 These bags were really tough to find ... but no problem o Amazon!We did n't want to discard our great little Mighty Mite vacuum ... now we do n't have to ! Thanks , Amazon .
 Product is as specified and fits Eureka Might Mite Type C . So far I have only used one bag and it has performed well so far .
 Order was wrong but I emailed them and they responded quickly to fix the order . Overall pleased with the company .
 I was so happy to find these bags as they 've been difficult to find for years . Now I can keep using my small canister vacuum .
 Good buy !! Fits , works . Wish it were a tad cheaper , but overall good . Not much more to say re vac bags right ?
 I purchased these for planting those hard to spread tiny seeds . The price for 24 , 2oz . shakers was very reasonable . They are clear and have stainless steel caps . Just perfect . They arrived on time and well packed .
 THANK YOU VERY MUCH ! IT FITS PERFECT ! VERY CLEAR ! I RECEIVED IT VERY FAST ! VERY GOOD PRICE !
 I have a toddler who likes to `` paint '' with her food . This plastic tablecloth saves my table and other prettier tablecloths underneath it . I especially like the finished detail of the edge . A must have for Moms with messy kids . Wipes clean with a sponge .
 Having young children it can often be a challenge to decorate around the holidays and keep it looking nice . This clear table cover is the perfect addition to your holiday table . The quality material and durability makes it a regular use item as well . My twins spilled and made messes but the holiday table cloth and other decorative items never had to experience it . We simply wiped up the spills . If you have children or pets and want to keep your table clean but beautiful , this is the item to buy . Do n't settle for the inferior quality found at local stores . This is what you are really looking for .
 Loved the product . Im not happy with the shipping charges . its almost 60 % price of the product that I got on amazon . It would be good if you guys reduce the shipping charges a little bit.over all , happy with the product but not the price and shipping charges .
 Ever noticed how difficult it is to find nice tablecloths to fit a large table ? I have several cotton tablecloths , but with 3 kids how practical are those ? Then I thought of these . They are very good quality and enable me to use my beautiful table clothes without having to wash them twice a week !
 Keeps everything clean and looks great ! Would recommend this to anyone ! Was the best buy I 've made recently especially with two teenaged boys ...
 I bought a beautiful table cloth protector for my oval table and because I have kids . It is made really nice with nice heavy weight plastic and it even has a nice trim at the edges that gives it a finished look . This Tablecloth Protector has made my life much more worry free and there is a lot less yelling at the kids on the dinner table . It is great to have this for your table especially when the kids are young and in their teens . Very happy with the product . Two Thumbs Up !
 The tablecloth protector is durable and heavy enough to protect a beautiful crocheted tablecloth made by my deceased mother-in-law . I am very comfortable using this tablecloth protector to protect a family treasure .
 This clear vinyl tablecloth is well made . However , I use it on a glass tabletop and vinyl emits a film after time . Eventually if the sun is shining on it just right , it looks messy . I do remove it and clean both sides , but I wish they could come up with a `` clear '' covering that actually stays clear . If you put this over a tablecloth , there is no problem and it would be great .
 I put a table cloth down for cushioning , and the cover protects very well ! Exactly what I had hoped for !
 It is good quality but because it is folded when it arrives it takes a while to get the creases out . I thought maybe about putting it in a slightly warm dryer with a damp cloth ... do n't know if it would help or not
 This is just great to protect cloth tablecloths ! Nice stitched corners - just be careful not to put a hot dishon it or it gets ruined .
 I took a chance and purchased this one because I was tired of buying them at bed bath and beyond . This particular table cover is much better quality . I recommend this cover .
 Love it ! I highly recommend this to anyone who is seeking a clear vinyl tablecloth . The vinyl is strong , but not stiff . It looks very nice and works well with or without a tablecloth underneath . I have put it over an embroidered tablecloth that my grandmother made to protect it . If you 're looking for a vinyl table cloth , I highly recommend this one !
 This is the second purchase of this product . It was a gift for twoelderly ladies that wished to protect their cloth tableclothes . Itcomes packaged well without all those wrinkles that are hard to getout of plastic and is very well made . They were well pleased and had me orfer the second
 Re
 Austin Air Plus and the Superblend - running everyday for two years , three years and beyond in several different homes -LRB- we own 6 units -RRB- and they work . This unit is not whisper quiet but on low it will remind you of white noise piped in at your office and is not bad . Medium and High fan speeds will move the air and can clear a sudden problem . These units have been effective in negating carpets that have had too much cleaning with that dry powder,chem-dry type of carpet cleaner that never comes all the way out of the carpet and later on causes the `` lung slime '' problems . They offset the dust and pollen blowing in from the road and storms and seasonal build-ups , they stop the stink of the dog and the cat box , they eliminate that stinky feet smell from an old bedroom and catch the cloud of insecticide that the neighbor 's pest control man hoses around the yard . Any wonder these units were at ground-zero ? Heavy use of the unit may result in need for replacement filters - which although they should last 5-years - sometime only go 1 or 2-years before they start blowing a funky smell -LRB- my sign it 's time to change -RRB- . Replacement filters are expensive at $ 200 to $ 250 , representing half the cost of new unit . The switches on a few units that had lots of back and forth switching have stopped working properly but can be sent in for warranty work . Steel case and casters is a plus for this heavyweight .
 I have a small collection of Coke Items and love this . I purchased as a gift to myself for Christmas .
 This votice is such a beautiful addition to my Belleek collection and is something that I feel I can use daily . Like all Belleek products , it has lovely detail and brings warmth and happiness into my home . The price was wonderful and it was a delightful present to pick up for myself !
 Greetings.I have had a black Kit Kat Klock for about 10 years and it never fails to bring pleasure and positive comments . Very reliable clock with Alkaline batteries . Must be level , otherwise is cantankerous . Runs about 9 + months on one pair of C 's before tail stops wagging . Ca n't imagine my kitchen without one now . I have owned two Kit Kats and given a third as a gift . Great buy . Great clock .
 I purchased this item to go in our office at Texas A&M University . At first we were unable to keep the tail moving but our student worker fixed it after reading the instructions on line on how to adjust the tail . He had to use a very small screw driver to adjust the tail . Now it works great ! It is a great conversational piece in our conference room .
 I enjoy our clock immensely . It 's just the right tacky accompaniment to our formal furnishings , a conversation piece for the `` I ca n't believers . '' The back is a bit hard to get off , so I put a man on it and got it done . But it 's eyes move and its tail wags nicely and we 've had it for a year with no problems except with the few who question our taste . Seriously recommended . Why not ?
 Bought this for less than half price from Amazon 's Warehouse outlet . The box was , as advertised , a bit tatty , but the cup and saucer were in perfect condition . My wife is very pleased with them .
 I bought this for my wife after reading many reviews , she loves it . Great bread .
 I wanted to get to try my hand at baking bread so I got this machine and the book `` Bread Machine Magic '' by Linda Rehberg after reading reviews . Not only does the stainless steel look good on my kitchen counter I now wake up to the smell of bread - hmmm heavenly . Well worth the price
 Received this two days ago , and I put it to work the next day as my wife and I had relatives over . I 've hand-made bread alot over the years , but this is the first time I 've used a bread machine . I was impressed with its functionality ; making cornbread could n't have been more slick . Put the liquids in , then the King Arthur flours , and make an identation to put the yeast into . That was it . Everyone thought it looked at tasted delicious.The Breadman also is a very good aesthetic addition to the kitchen counter .
 I bought this machine a few weeks ago . I love baking and have always done my stuff by hand but never a bread loaf fan , I preferred to make rolls and stuff . Since I have gotten this machine I use it at least twice a week , usually the time delay so that I will have fresh , hot bread when I wake up in the morning but I also have recipes for specialty breads that I ca n't wait to try .
 We never had a bread machine but you would n't know it from the bread . We got good bread the first time we used it and no problems at all .
 This is our third and best bread machine . The texture of the bread is not as coarse and the loaf is more like a real loaf , not a chimney ! My only problem is pressing the buttons in the right order -- the layout is counterintuitive to me . The first time I used the machine , I had to unplug it and wait until the preprogrammed cycle expired .
 I have been making bread 2-3 times a week since I received the Breadman TR875 2-pound bread maker about 2 months ago . I have baked the basic white bread which is everyone 's favorite , but also the 100 % whole wheat bread , which I love . I include flax seeds and walnuts sometimes , and even cranberries . It is easy to prepare , the delay timer is wonderful , and it cleans up easily . I am adhering closely to the care and maintenance suggestions in the instruction booklet . The house smells really warm and inviting with the baking of the bread . I read many reviews online before purchasing this machine and I am happy to admit that I am very pleased with this bread machine .
 I bought this breadmaker because I ca n't stand the taste of American factory made bread . In the area of the US where I live it 's difficult to get good bread . Being from Europe and being used to `` European style bread '' this breadmaker was a lifesaver . I 've owned it for about 6 months now and it works great . I use it 2-3 times a week to make heavy wholegrain bread . It never struggles and , more importantly , it never fails to give me excellent results .
 We owned a couple of different bread machines in the past , but none were as affordable or attractive as this one . On top of that , it consistently produces delicious breads ! It offers both a small and large , horizontal loaf but has a very small footprint for kitchens with limited counter top real estate .
 The bread bakes evenly . It pops right out after baking . Cleanup is easy . I recommend this breadmamker !
 I have made several loaves in a couple days and they have come out perfect . I have stainless steel appliances , and this looks much nicer then my old machine did , so I do n't hide it away . I did order the cheaper one but got the TR875 at the price the TR8752 was listed for . I do n't know what the differences in the two are , they look the same to me . I would definately recommend it , I have used the fast cycle as well as the regular cycle with perfect results either way . It also keeps your bread warm for an hour after baking which is nice . It does n't seem to leave the big hole in the bottom of my loaf like my old one did because the paddle seems to slip right out and stays in the pan . Selecting the light cycle gives the loaf a nice golden color , I have not used the medium or dark cycle after reading other reviews . For me this breadmaker gets an A +
 I have had only one batch go badly and that was because the recipe I followed did not have all the items listed correctly . All my other loaves have come out picture perfect !
 Maybe I should make a few more loaves before reviewing , but so far I have no complaints whatsoever . The breadmaker arrived breathtakingly quickly -LRB- ordered it Saturday , it was on my doorstep on Tuesday -- with supersaver shipping ! -RRB- . I 've made two loaves of bread , and both turned out great . -LRB- Jalepeno corn bread from the enclosed recipe book -LSB- good , though not very ` corny ' tasting -RRB- and regular white bread from my cookbook.I was a bit concerned when I opened it and saw how small the pan was . I could n't believe it would make a 11/2 pound loaf -LRB- my usual size -RRB- without running over . The loaf IS small , but rises nice and high.If I have one complaint it 's that the shipping packaging was very wasteful . I arrived home from work to find a HUGE box on my porch . Having picked the breadmaker because , among other things , it has a small ` footprint ' , I was a bit worried . I opened the box to find another box . I opened THAT box to find ... . another box . And sure enough , inside the third box was the breadmaker , nestled in a thick shell of styrofoam , and just about the size I 'd expected . But really ... three boxes ?
 so far ... I 've made a couple loaves of the gluten free bread . The recipe asks for a lot of ingredients . One time we did EXACTLY what was asked and the bread came out fine -LRB- not a very good tasting or smelling bread -RRB- and the 2nd time I used another gluten free recipe and it was a waste of time and expensive flour . I 'm guessing this is going to take a lot of practice.REAL bread for the rest of the family is coming out great but a bit too crusty if you leave it in 'til the next morning -LRB- even on the light crust cycle -RRB- . Machine is easy to operate and easy to read dials and front panel . It 's wonderful to have a nice tall square loaf pan and make the bread look good as well as taste good .
 Overall , the machine is exactly what it promises . If I listed `` faults '' , I 'm sure they would just be universal breadmaker issues . I 'm not an expert baker but I 've been able to produce a variety of loaves with this machine.I do like the stainless steel case . It looks good on the counter!If you have any level of hearing loss , the button beeps are very loud!Go for it !
 Excellent appliance makes wonderful loaves great size , is easy to operate and clean , has a clear window for viewing your bread while making also has a dry ingredient addition cycle .
 A person could about go neurotic over trying to make choices sometimes ; you just do n't want to make a mistake when laying that hard earned money down . I did not make a mistake in choosing this bread machine . First , it makes a good loaf of bread . A noticeable taste improvement over the old Panasonic I used to have . The loaves are small looking even though they 're a pound or larger but what 's nice is that the slices come out large and even with the roundness at the top like it 's `` supposed '' to be . Hey , aesthetics count . I want normal looking loaves and these are not just normal but impressive.Another nice feature is the ease of removing and inserting the bread pan . No need to twist it to get it in or out , it goes straight down and straight up . Of course the pan is easy to clean and so far the paddle has n't lodged itself in the bread needing to be dug out and destroying the loaf.The low price is a definite plus , because let 's face it , they just do n't make products that last a lifetime anymore ; I for one do n't like paying lifelong prices for items not expected to last a lifetime . One more reality is the size of the thing , it does take up some counter space . At least it does so looking sharp if that can be said about a bread machine . I like the black color . The easy to read display and intuitive controls are excellent . The booklet does n't offer very many recipes but recipes are easy to find on the internet . If you want good home made bread that looks good and tastes good , is easy to make and clean up after , this is your machine .
 We are giving the `` Breadman 875 '' 2 Thumbs Up !! . We liked the purchase price and the look of the machine . Very easy to use and turns out the largest , most uniformly beautiful bread we have ever enjoyed .
 I love this bread machine ! The bread comes out great and the recipes are easy . I would recommend this machine to everyone.My old machine used to make loaves that were so light that there was no `` substance '' to the bread and you could hardly cut it . I 've used this machine for over a month now and have made french bread , whole wheat almost every week , a loaf of french with Italian herbs and whole garlic cloves ... all come out great .
 This is my first bread maker.My bread is coming out different each time , and I 'm using the same ingredients ...
 This is a pretty decent bread machine . This is only my 2nd bread machine . My first one was also a Breadman that lasted 12yrs , which is why I purchased another one . My old machine had a very sturdy , solid and tall bread pan . This one is short , light weight and very `` cheap '' compared to my first . The bread does taste good , however , it does not rise nearly half as high as my other machine . This one will rise about 6 '' . It 's not too dense and it is very moist . The best part is that I LOVE the window on top so you can see without lifting the cover . It is much bigger than my other machine so what a treat that is . I also love the many different cycles for different types of bread and the pizza dough comes out sooooo good . I ca n't wait to make jam in it . My family is again loving the fact that they can wake up to homemade bread smells meandering up the stairs to great them early in the morning . Thank you awesome timer.Overall a great machine . Just wish the bread pan was a bit more sturdy and taller for taller loaves . Got ta love the health benefits too of all this homemade goodness and it is sooo easy to use .
 I purchased this on 2/2 and it was delivered on 2/3 ! I am a first time breadmaker owner and this is a perfect machine ! I made my first loaf of bread -LRB- French Bread -RRB- and was amazed at how easy it was and the bread literally melts in your mouth . The paddle did n't leave a huge hole in the bottom of the loaf and it was an easy clean up . For my second loaf I did the French bread again but used `` Nu-Salt '' a salt substitute that has zero sodium -LRB- my husband is on a low sodium diet since having open heart surgery in Nov -RRB- . I did n't notice a difference in the grain and the taste was still as wonderful as the first loaf I baked using refular salt . This is a really great machine and I would highly recommend it - especially if you are a first time bread machine owner . The unit is nice looking and easy to clean ! Get this one !!!
 I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present and she absolutely loves it ! The maker is extremely easy to use , you add the ingredients turn it on and leave ! That 's it ! Every now and then , you may have to stir the ingredients to pull them away from the side , but other than that it rocks ! With some of the other bread makers , you have to pull the kneading paddle out half way through the cycle-not with this one!Buy it , you 'll love it !
 I purchased two of these machines for my daughters for Christmas this past year . This model was chosen based on the reviews on the product on Amazon and so far , both girls report wonderful results . They are pleased so the reviews did not disappoint .
 I received this machine as a Christmas gift from my husband . Before opening the box , I came to check the reviews from Amazon . I knew the signs to look for , and it appears that I may have received a refurbished machine . Is it wrong to advertise a new machine and then send a not-so-new one ? Yes . Does it diminish the fact that the machine makes great bread effortlessly every time ? No!I 've wanted a bread machine for years . This one has not disappointed me . We 've tried several recipes from the instruction manual with fabulous results . I can not believe how easy it is to make fresh bread with ingredients I can pronounce - no preservatives or artificial flavors/colors . The bread is consistent in texture and flavor , and is always delicious.Several reviewers raved about the quietness of this bread machine . Mine is far from silent during the mixing phase . It is loud enough that I now it 's working , but not obtrusively so . Just do n't be alarmed if yours actually makes noise . I like the reminder that something is going on in my kitchen!The only minor complaint is that the bread pan is n't dishwasher safe . It 's easy to clean the pan and mixing paddle by hand -LRB- though the hole in the paddle and the gasket in the pan are a tiny bit of a pain -RRB- . This is coming from someone who loathes doing dishes by hand , though.Overall , I feel like the bread machine is a great value at the list price ; the Gold Box Deal made it a steal . I think of myself a terrible baker - I have trouble with boxed brownie mix . This bread machine has made me reconsider that title . I am now a terrible baker who can make fantastic bread !
 I recently bought this breadmaker thru Amazon 's Deal of the Day and could n't wait to get it . I bake a lot and have been wanting to make yeast breads without having to do all the kneading and waiting for it to rise , etc. . Well , this machine does it all!All you have to do is put all the ingredients -LRB- in order by liquid to dry and yeast last -RRB- in the pan , choose the settings indicated in the booklet , hit START , and the machine will do everything . The booklet tells you how long the whole process will take . When it 's done baking , the machine will beep and you remove the bread.There are recipes in the booklet , which is helpful , especially for beginners . I would recommend you find recipes in a bread cookbook or tested recipes online , because there are only a few recipes in each category of breads . You will need bread flour for most of them , as this has more gluten than enriched flour . So far , I have only made the basic white/french bread recipe but am wanting to start venturing out . The booklet states that you can use boxed bread mixes as well , including gluten free options.I do have one problem with the machine , hence the missing star in the rating . After trying numerous times , I can not remove the kneading paddle from the bread pan to clean it . I did n't see reference to this in other reviews , so I assume it 's a fluke . I 'm just afraid mold will grow under the paddle , and so I may have to return the parts to the manufacturer for that reason.Otherwise , I 'm excited about being able to make fresh baked bread without all the indecipherable ingredients you see on most store-bought breads !
 I purchased this as a Gold Box deal with some trepidation , because of the negative remarks from some people receiving refurbished units . I need n't have worried . If mine was refurbished , they did a great job of it . I saw nothing indicating it was used in any way.As I mentioned in the title , I 'm new to bread machines and breadmaking , so I do n't have a frame of reference for comparison . Having said that , I 've turned out some pretty tasty breads with this machine , including some fairly fancy cheese-stuffed breads . As I write this , I have two loaves of crusty french bread rising in the kitchen , and it looks great . Out of a dozen or so loaves so far , I 've had two failures , which I attribute to my measuring the flour incorrectly , leaving the dough too slack and sticky . Now I make sure to keep an eye on my dough until it finishes the knead cycle , adjusting the flour if needed.I 'm sure the higher-end machines have more bells and whistles , but I doubt they could make a significantly better loaf than the Breadman . This machine has really impressed me , especially for the price . Good purchase .
 I do n't blame people for all the 1-star reviews they 're giving . If the machine does n't work , then you have to give it a 1 . But the machine i received works perfectly and so i have to give it a 5 . So far i 've made the Italian Herb Bread from the instruction manual and a whole wheat bread from Betty Crocker . The Italian Herb tastes awesome , so soft and moist , but it 's not a perfect loaf . It rises very nicely in the pan , but once it starts to bake , the top sort of deflates and caves in . According to the manual , this may be due to either too much water or too much yeast . I followed the recipe perfectly with a digital scale , but i 'm going to have to probably cut down on the yeast a little , despite the recipe 's instructions.I used the timer for one of my loaves , and one of the bottom corners of the loaf had a high density of flour and seasoning -LRB- Italian seasoning -RRB- . Some flour and seasoning can get stuck in the corner of the bread pan , so you should use a spatula and scrape it out during kneading if you can . That 's the benefit of not using the timer.Despite the caving in of the bread and some flour getting stuck in the corners of the bread pan , i have to give this machine a 5 . It works well . It cooks the bread all the way through . I have used only the medium crust setting so far and i am getting a medium crust coloring . The caving in of the bread has nothing to do with the breadmaker , but more with the recipe . And as far as the flour in the corners , well , that 's not a huge issue . The bread tastes great and the smell is awesome.Cleaning up is pretty easy . Once you pop out the bread , you 'll notice that the kneading paddle is stuck in the bread pan . The cooked dough kind of acts like a glue that keeps it in there , so all you have to do is put in some soapy water for about 5 minutes and it comes right out . You 'll get a little leftover bread remnants in the groove where the kneading paddle goes . I 'm not sure how to clean this out . What i 've been doing is taking a needle and scraping out the bread in that very thin groove . It gets some of it out.Noise ? Nah , not much . And the machine has n't moved an inch on my counter while kneading . While this breadmaker is still working i 'll give it a 5 . But the day it stops working , especially if it 's in less than a year , i 'll have to revise my rating . I hope I covered everything!ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
 I ordered the Breadman TR-875 the other day when it was a Gold Deal . I have never used a bread machine nor made bread . I read the reviews for the Breadman and discovered the Hodgson Mill , referenced by a Breadman reviewer . While my Breadman was being prepared for shipment , I ordered a case of 9-Grain . They both arrived the same day and I spent the evening discovering the Breadman . The next morning with trepidation I ventured forth to make my first loaf of bread , and posted a picture here and for Hodgson Mill 9-Grain Bread Mix . I cut the heel and had soon eaten almost half the loaf . It is fabulous . The way that bread is intended by Mother Nature . Today I just completed making the other five loaves . Every loaf was perfection - Six of Six . Everything was so simple , with a little research . A TEXAS-SIZE thank you Breadman . I am one proud novice ; soon to be considered a professional . : -RRB-
 I decided to order this particular machine because it fit in my budget and it seems like it should be good enought to do the trick . It does n't take up as much counter space as I thought it would , and it has several different settings for jam , dough , bread , rapid cycle and whole wheat , gluten free and more . It comes with a pretty clear cut instruction manual and it has a lot of recipes as well . I first tried their basic white bread recipe that was listed in the recipe book that came with it . It turned out really good , although it came out to be a weird shape . Next time I might have to just smooth down the dough myself . This thing is pretty loud during when it kneads , but that 's not too bothersome . When it 's time for you to add in fruit or nuts , it beeps really loudly about 10 times . I think 3 would be plenty ! For the second loaf of bread I tried a honey whole wheat , this time from the Bread Lover 's Bread Machine Cookbook . It turned out great ! The shape was a bit better this time and it was delicious . The third loaf of bread I made was jalapeno from the instruction manual , but it did n't turn out . I ran out to do some errands so I was n't able to check it periodically to see what was going on . After trying it again , I watched it and discovered that the recipe was incorrect there is not enough water to get it to mix all together . So after adding a bit more water , it turned out great . I would definitely recommend this to a friend , and the only reason why I 'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the incorrect recipe . I do n't know how many other recipes are incorrect , but I plan to update this as I go along and I 'll definitely write in again when this thing takes a crap.UPDATE : I have decided to sell this thing on craigslist after only 6 loaves of bread . It produces good bread , but hand made is just so much better , fits in my toaster better , and makes for better sandwich bread . I would rather devote a few hours of my day to making a few loaves of delicious bread that last a couple of weeks than making good bread without doing much .
 My wife and I researched several breadmakers and settled on the Breadman TR875 . The 2lb loaves are huge , so we stick with the 1.5 lb . It makes great white bread and it is very good at making doughs for cinnamon rolls and pizza crust . Recommend it to everyone .
 This is my third bread machine ; the others were different brands . My first one was unbalanced and would `` walk , '' during its cycles which lead to its demise when it met the floor . My second one just did not do a good baking job . It seemed like it would not get hot enough to thoroughly cook the bread.This one works wonderful ; however , it needs a little help with stirring in all the ingredients . I think you would need one with two paddles to take care of this issue , though . Overall , I am very pleased with this bread machine and so is my family . I highly recommend it .
 I have had this breadmaker for almost a year and I barely buy any bread in the store anymore . I love this machine . Bread comes out great , the recipes that come with the machine work out perfect . Nothing compares to coming home from work or waking up in them morning to the smell of freshly baked bread.Also , the machine is compact and fits on any counter space and looks good as well .
 This machine is truly awesome . You ca n't make a bad loaf of bread . No mistakes , each loaf comes out perfectly . I had an old breadmachine -LRB- one of the first I think -RRB- and I was shocked at how much of an improvement this one is . The texture of the bread is dense and perfect , and the french bread has true french bread chewy texture . Its amazing !
 I have made four loaves in my machine since receiving it at Christmas
 Excellent performance
 I like this model of the bread machine , ***** it ` s smaller and easier to store and it works great , the paddle works better than my previous machine , -LRB- also a Breadman -RRB- I panicked when my Breadman stopped working right before Christmas , and I immediately ordered another one , I figured out later that it was the computer on the machine that was not working . I pressed the reset button for 30 sec . and left the machine alone for about 24 hrs and to my surprise it started working again , so now I have two baking buddies and can double the goodies.I highly recommend this machine . Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless Steel
 I have n't tried all the features -LRB- like making jam and so on -RRB- but it 's a great machine.only downside , it takes a lot of space .
 From opening the box , reading instructions that are so easy they should be titled `` Bread making for Dummies '' and then piping hot French Loaf , great tasting and a heavenly scented kitchen
 We just love the Breadman ! My husband has Celiac disease and ca n't eat standard wheat flour breads . This has enabled us to make wonderful breads at a fraction of the cost of gluten free bread in the grocery stores . Thanks , JM
 I had a West Bend breadmaker for 12 years and it finally died just before Christmas . My son and I have gluten sensitivities and so I have to make our bread and really needed it fast . I had been investigating breadmakers for months because my old one was starting to make funny noises . Anyway , after much reading , I decided on the breadman . Now , one of the reasons that I ended up purchasing this one , in addition to the gluten-free setting , was that a few of the reviewers had said how quiet it was . The first thing I noticed upon using it was how NOT quiet it was . It is quieter than my other one , but I can certainly tell that it is working . I would n't say it is loud , but it certainly is n't silent . Anyway , I 'm not really sure , but I suspect that this unit was not brand new because there was no `` peel off '' plastic over the control screen like it said there would be in the directions . But it was clean , no dents , no scratches ... and it makes a nice loaf of bread . So after making a few loafs , I decided to keep it ... for better or worse ... we 'll see how it goes . I have n't tried any of the recipies yet ... I buy the Gluten Free Pantry mixes . It most certainly makes a nicer loaf that my other machine ! One thing I do find is that if I leave the loaf in the machine after it is done and just warming , that the crust turns out a bit darker than my son likes . So I make sure I 'm around to pull it out immediately . Overall , I love the fact that it makes a horizontal loaf and that the machine is not tall like my other one . I also like the nice big window in it so I can see what is going on . It mixes really well , though I usually do have to scrape the sides once during the cycle ... but that is typical of all machines . Overall , good buy so far !
 I just finished eating the first slice of bread from my first loaf and it was amazing !! I followed a recipe straight from the instruction book and watched as it turned out a beautiful loaf that smelled wonderful and tasted even better.My only gripe is how Amazon chose to ship this item . The first one came damaged due to poor packaging . I sent that one back for an exchange and the new one came with less packaging , though unharmed . So check your boxes , but once you have an intact machine , this is a winner all the way !
 I 've made quite a few loafs of bread since purchasing this breadmaker . It takes a few tries to adjust the ingredients to get the bread you want . The easiest bread to start with is the French bread . If you want the bread to be fluffy and soft , add a touch more -LRB- like a pinch -RRB- of yeast than what the recipe calls for . The timer function works great , though I would have prefer it had a clock and allowed me to enter the exact time I 'd like the bread to be done . Instead , I have to substract the time when I like it to be done from the moment I put the ingredients in.Overall , this is an excellent breadmaker . As I get more comfortable , I 'll venture into sweet breads and making pizza doughs .
 I was not sure how well this bread machine would work , and was kind of apprehensive about buying it . I had purchased another brand name version , and was quite disappointed with it . But to my pleasant surprise this one works great . I 'm not sorry at all that I bought it .
 Beatiful , high quality bread . A bit slower than other brands . Not too noisy .
 I was looking for a replacement for my old Breadman 1lb and found this . After reading the reviews here and there , I decided to invest in this . All I have to say is , am now looking for a recipe for Sheepheared Bread and am like a Pig in Sloop . In case your wondering , this still makes your loaf UPRIGHT , not horozonal like the Z. Breadmakes are Designed for 1 purpose and 1 purpose only , to make Bread ! Making Jam should be made the old way but thats my opinion . Enjoy !
 This Breadman Breadmaker is user friendly , looks great , and is so very easy to clean . We owned another Breadman and decided to stay with this manufacturer because they are durable . We use it every day , my husband brings homemade bread to work for his co-workers . As a matter of fact , he makes most of the ` gourmet ' loaves and we have n't been disappointed yet . I stick to the ` basic ' bread . The signals are quiet and we really appreciate the window . We can see what 's going on . It 's fun . I totally recommend this product and I know it will last .
 although i have n't been successful @ making awesome bread i am sure its not the breadmaker 's fault ... i am just not a good baker . i must say though this breadmaker is awesome . easy to use + easy to clean . great for making dough for me as i really like pasta related products . i 'll get better @ baking bread one day ... . highliy recommended ! especially for those who work long hours and have no time to bake or go grocery shopping constantly ...
 I wants to have a bread maker for a long time , But I am so worry about its qulity . because I want a mechine that it can make dough and bread.I did a lot of research on it both on line and in store . Finally , I ordered TR875 breadman bread maker from amazon with free delivery last week ; I expect the item will be arrived in two weeks , but , as other people mantion before , the delievey is so fast , it only took 4 days to my hand from the order day . So far , I have tried to make one French bread , it was so good both shape and taste . I also try dough cycle once . it is good too.I would like to try sweet cycle later.Anyway , I enjoy this mechine even this mechine will keep me busy during weekend.Breadman TR8752-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless Steel
 I have not bought bread in the store since my breadmaker came . It is so perfect for me . I have made dinner rolls and aiming to make more Thank You and I hope you invest like I did in the Breadman stainless steel breadmaker . It is so worth it .
 Our old bread machine died . Perhaps that was a good thing , as it no longer was making very good bread . When we got the Breadman TR875 , I started trying different bread recipes and dough recipes in the new machine . It did a very good job on each bread recipe and each dough recipe . I could n't ask for more in a bread machine !
 It works well , I chose this brand for my girlfriend because mine is very reliable . My older model has a breadpan that twists easily out of the transmission connector.The newer model has tight clips that are a little difficult if one has arthritis or a weak grip.Other than that its a good machine and we have enjoyed its products .
 I purchased this to replace an older machine I had because this one makes 2lb loaves . I usually make whole wheat/wheat germ bread which is a dense loaf of bread . But this machine makes it perfectly . I 've made about 6 loaves so far with no problems . It 's settings are fool proof .
 I purchased the Emeril breadmaker because of the name and was so dissappointed . It was too big and had too many features to be the simple breadmaking machine that I wanted . I exchanged it for the Breadman Pro and am so delighted because it 's simple and easy to use and have not had a failure yet.The star ratings and customer reviews were the determining factors for purchasing the Pro.Happy user from Colorado
 got the bread machine for my dad for Christmas . . he 's made several loaves of bread and is very happy with it .
 This bread machine is awesome , so far have made 2 loaves and they were perfect , like artisan bakery loaves !
 This is the first bread machine I have ever had , and so far I like it a lot . Have made 2 loaves of the Basic Bread , and both loaves turned out perfectly . My family loved the bread . The machine itself is easy to use , fits well on my kitchen counter , and the silver and black matches my stainless steel appliances perfectly .
 Based on reviews , I purchased this for my mother a year ago . She has made countless loaves of bread with excellent results . Simple to use -- even my father gets involved.I am very pleased with my purchase , and especially happy my mother is getting so much use from this item .
 Has been a great purchase ! We ca n't use wheat products , but our spelt recipes are turning out great ! So glad we made this purchase . And the one time I had a question , the company we called was very helpful .
 I hate buying some kitchen gadget and have it sit in my pantry taking up space.This has been my best kitchen appliance purchase in a long time.Its simple to use and clean.It makes tasty breads that turn into deli style sandwiches & wonderful toast.I plan to make a loaf just for home made croutons , yum!I had 1 bad batch that I figure was due to a cold baking pan in a winter invironment.The next batch I warmed the pan up with hot water , dried , then added my ingredients.Problem solved.The one issue now is to find all the ingredients for less $ $ $ . I did n't give this a 5 star rating because of the cost of ingredients so far.I know that Costco has bulk yeast , and probably flour.Anyway I am totaly satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this to a friend.The next problem will be not over eating all these wonderful tasty breads .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 13 year old daughter two months ago . It has worked great ! No problems at all , it makes perfect bread every time . My daughter has perfected the art of adding garlic during the kneading cycle -LRB- which is very easy -RRB- , and she consistently makes perfect garlic bread . We purchased this as a gold box deal , but it is easily worth two to three times what we paid !
 I bought this machine recently and have been using it ever since . I have done French bread , gluten free breads , sweet breads ... they all turned out wonderful . I normally make homemade bread using my Kitchenaid mixer and will continue to do so but this little machine is a great addition to my kitchen arsenal , especially when I want to make bread quick . The price is reasonable and I would n't hesitate to recommend it to anyone . This was a great purchase .
 I used my old breadmachine as a dough maker . I tried to make break with my old one but never works out . This one make wonderful bread !
 This bread maker is easy to use , cleans with a swish , and is the answer to the hurried people who need to be doing something else . It makes consistentloaves which rise to fill the pan when recipes are followed . Leave for shopping , return , and there is the bread . What could be easier ?
 We bought this machine a month ago so my wife could make gluten free bread . The only apparent difference between regular and gluten free settings is that the machine only lets the GF dough rise once instead of twice . She has made several loaves of both types -LRB- I can eat regular bread -RRB- and all have come out perfectly baked . Seems to be a good machine .
 I had been interested in purchasing a bread machine but hesitant that it would become another kitchen gadget gathering dust like so many others . I tried this machine and have absolutely loved it . I now make bread 3-5 times a week and have had great experiences with this bread maker . My only concern with this machine was it would shake and move around the counter -LRB- I had read this is other reviews as well -RRB- making it impossible to leave the machine for very long during the mixing/kneading cycles . However , I purchased a non-slip silicone mat to place under the machine and it works beautifully , the machine does not budge an inch . Bread machines are completely new to me so I am by no means an expert , but I have found this bread maker to be well worth the money spent .
 This bread machine was a purchase we were n't sure about . I 've made bread by hand before but it was a tedious process . Not anymore!This bread machine simply requires you to put in some basic ingredients and does all the work for you . Yes , it is noisy , but not unbearably so . It 's only during the beginning also , when it is kneading . Anyway , so you put the ingredients in and it does all the work for you . It takes a few hours but the loaf comes out amazing ! If you do n't want it immediately , you can set it for up to around 15 hours after you put it in -LRB- that 's pretty long for a bread machine -RRB- . It will also keep it warm for up to an hour after finishing the loaf , after which it is recommended to throw it out if you have not removed it . I can not imagine why since not everyone uses cooling racks to cool it , but I suppose it 's a legal thing.The loaves come out looking great every time , erupting with flavor . You get to choose the size and the crust color -LRB- including a `` rapid '' mode -RRB- . There 's modes for every kind of bread , including a super rapid mode , along with pasta , dough and jam.This bread machine comes with a recipe/instruction book , a measuring cup , and a measuring tablespoon and teaspoon -LRB- not the best quality but free -RRB- . Everything is broken down for you to get as much info as you 'd like -LRB- including time tables of each cycle -RRB- but it 's pretty simple to start cooking with it as soon as you get it -LRB- well , after running a cycle to burn off manufacturing oils -RRB- . The bread is EXTREMELY easy to make on a relative scale and comes out delicious according to my family and several of our friends . We plan to give these as gifts.I definitely recommend this product to those new to baking ! This even motivated me to learn to make breads occasionally by hand though this is so much easier!Side note
 This is a great bread machine . It took me a few tries to get the proportions right -LRB- especially the amount of water -RRB- , and after that , I get a perfect loaf every time . I especially appreciate being able to have warm , fresh bread when I wake up in the morning.I did not follow the recipes in the booklet that comes with the breadmaker . I use my own system ... no sugar at all ... and bread flour -LRB- 1/3 whole wheat , 2/3 white -RRB- . The results are completely satisfactory .
 Got this a about a month ago and have used it quite a lot . Because my wife can not have glutten , we opted for this bread maker . It has a setting for glutten free bread . There is one thing about the glutten free setting , you can only set it for 11/2 lb loaf . The manual says you can set it for 2 lb but you can not . I called the company and the tech rep says the problem had never been reported in the past . There is good news , there is a work around . The rapid cycle is exactly what the glutten cycle is but you can set it for 2 lb.If you are looking for a good reasonably priced bread maker , this is it . I have made regular bread too and it always comes out perfect .
 WE LOVE OUR BREAD MAKER , THE WAY IT LOOKS , THE SIZE IS NOT REAL BIG , BUT WE HAVE FOUND YOU CA N'T JUST USE ANY BREAD MIX ON YOUR LOCAL STORES SHELF AND EXPECT A PERFECT LOAF OF BREAD . WE ARE FINDING THAT WITH THE SMALL BOOK THAT CAME WITH THE MAKER HAS A FEW WAYS TO MAKE BREAD IS THE BEST WAY TO GO , BUY THE BREAD FLOUR , YEAST AND WHAT EVER ELSE YOU NEED AND HAVE FUN WITH IT . BUT EXPECT THE FIRST FEW NOT TO COME OUT PERFECT.AFTER THAT YOU WILL LOVE IT . IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT , THANK YOU
 I 've had the TR875 for about a month now . I make 2 or 3 breads a week and have been busily trying different recipes . The breads come out great with a minimum of fuss and cleaning . The various settings make things easy and I 've done everything from sweet raisin bread types to caraway rye . The recipes in the instruction booklet are for all intents and purposes more than adequate and despite comments to the contrary , there is no need in my opinion to buy an auxiliary cookbook.On the subject of recipes , there are scores of bread books on the market , some pretty useless , some quite good , and if you decide to buy one , browse through a few , disregard the hype on the book jackets and choose something that appeals to your particular tastes.Beyond that , and I hate to take any income from hard working authors , the internet is a source of infinite advice and recipes . The main thing to remember is that there is one basic recipe , slightly different depending on white or whole wheat flour , and an infinite number of variations , most not very complicated . A little reading and a bit of common sense will result in a never ending stream of fresh bread . There is no need for special ` bread machine ' recipes . Other than following the manufacturer 's basic instructions -LRB- liquids first , then dry ingredients -RRB- recipes are the same whether you use a machine or knead by hand.There are only two drawbacks and neither of them really detracts from the enjoyment of having fresh bread basically on demand . The first is freshness . The breads do n't keep very well , although I guess the addition of fat and sugar will help that issue . But if you 're used to getting a baguette fresh from the bakery daily then you understand that basic breads do not keep well . For me that 's not a problem since I tend to French and Italian type breads and enjoy the fresh taste of a new one every day.The other drawback is that I have n't yet been able to duplicate the really doughy flavors and textures of good bakery breads . I 'm not talking about packaged breads or supermarket bakeries here , but quality bakeshops like the small Italian and other ethnic bakeries that are found in neighborhoods or like a quality chain , perhaps Panera . The fact that the bread machine is preprogrammed is what makes it so usable and convenient , but the variables inherent in hand kneading and associated rising times are what give bread its overall qualities . Regardless of that though , since I no longer have the time or patience to make bread by hand , I 'm enjoying my Breadman and its breads that are really much better than most anything I can find in a supermarket . And now that I 'm familiar with the product I think with a little research and experimentation I will eventually find the perfect bread.I recommend the Breadman TR875 highly .
 I recently purchased the Breadman TR875 as I had received a diagnosis of celiac disease , and I was seeking a more economical and better tasting bread than those `` gluten free '' loaves I purchased ready made in the store . This breadmaker has a gluten free cycle , which not all do , and I am pleased to say it has so far done a good job of mixing and baking a nicely textured , browned loaf of bread . I will admit I have only used Bob 's Red Mill bread mixes with it so far , but it is doing a good job , and does it fairly quickly too , as I remember baking bread as a day long process , with this only taking a couple of hours . Thanks Breadman - I needed the help with a difficut adjustment . No bread was not how I was planning to live my life .
 I love this machine ! Takes 2 to 5 minutes to input ingredients and a couple of hours later , I have fresh , wholesome bread . Kitchen smells great and I have save bundles!Have not bought a store-bought loaf since I purchased the breadmaker!Only one caveat
 This Breadman TR875 is wonderful . It makes great aromatic and tasty bread . I have had two other bread machines and this one is the best . The crust is a true light , medium , or dark . The tops are always rounded and the inside is done to perfection . It is very easy to use . I have used many different recipes and all come out well . I thought the metal clips inside which hold the pan locked in might be a concern , but they have held as they should . I gave this machine as a gift for Christmas and Tracy loved it so much that I bought one for myself . I would definitely recommend this bread machine - it is easy and makes great bread .
 I received a Breadman as a Christmas gift in 2006 . Unfortunately , I did not read the instructions to keep it pushed back on the cubboard and during the mixing , it fell off . I love this Breadman so much , I immediately ordered another one . I use in at least once a week -LRB- sometimes more if company is coming -RRB- . Perfect bread everytime . Greatproduct
 I have always wanted to make my own bread but was always too lazy to do it totally from scratch -LRB- by hand -RRB- I had been looking for a breadmaker for quite sometime and saw the reviews for this one and decided to give it a shot . I love it ! It 's so easy to use and clean up . The only thing I wish I could do is make smaller loaves . Even if you make a 1.5 lb instead of 2lb loaf , it 's still fairly big . I have made bread every week since I bought it and recommend to anyone who wants to make great fresh bread !
 I 've never made bread before in a bread maker or oven . The loaves come out perfect with little to no fuss . This could n't have been easier to use . The machine was quiet and its very easy to clean . I purchased this on sale for $ 60 + and for the price its pretty amazing . Its a great buy and has made me an instant baker . Really nice to be able to give the kids fresh baked bread whenever they want it .
 I purchased this bread machine as a replacement for my old one which was from a home shopping network . I have to say though that this machine -LRB- Breadman -RRB- makes a much better loaf of bread ! The loaves come out exactly as they say they should , I like to use the rapid cycle the best , you can have fresh bread with every meal when you use this cycle . I also have used the timed mode , I set it to go on during the early early morning and then by 8 am I have freshly baked bread for toast when I get up . One thing I really like about this machine is that I never have left over flour in the corners of the bread pan , the paddle in it works really well !! As for size , it is a nice size , fits very well under the cupboards , and it 's fairly light weight . The value/price is extremely afforedable and worth the amount ! This bread machine does everything that the pricier ones do , only for much less ! I would buy this again and I would give it as a gift .
 I decided to make my own bread after I discovered that almost all of the breads on the market contained soy , an item I need to avoid to keep my thyroid healthy . I love kneading and baking bread , but since I work a lot , I decided to buy a bread machine . I like buying from Amazon , and so far have never had a problem with any of their products . Reading their reviews have been helpful as well . However , I did read several reviews where they thought that their bread machines appeared to be used or factory reconditioned , so when my Breadman arrived , I carefully inspected it before throwing out the box . Everything was in good order , and the item arrived in lighting speed , so I was well pleased . It is a nice looking machine , with easy to read controls , and makes a horizontal loaf . Many of the loaves I 've made are almost as high as they are wide , so half of a slice will equal about the size of a normal slice of bread . The teflon coating on the inside of the pan insures that the loaf comes out easily from the pan , leaving just a small hole in the bottom of the loaf where the paddle was . So far , I have made three to four loaves per week since getting it with no problems.It came with good instructions , easy to read , but did not explain that once the machine is plugged in , you will not be able to remove the pan from the machine until you unplug it again , a safety feature I had not seen in any of my old bread machines . Once you get used to it , it 's not so bad.The Breadman came with some recipes , which have all made successful loaves , but I also bought several cookbooks from Amazon as well . I was able to find some very nice used bread machine cookbooks for .01 plus shipping , so it 's worth looking into.All in all , I would highly recommend this bread machine to anyone looking for a reliable horizontal loaf machine . It 's especially nice if your kitchen decor is black and stainless steel . The price for this machine is a little more than some , but worth the money , considering all of the positive reviews that it has received .
 Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless SteelI want to start by saying that I am a first time bread machine owner . My girlfriend has a older Breadman bread machine they have had for years and I saw how easy it was for her and her husband to make fresh bread and I just had to have one . I researched all the bread machines and this one had great ratings on every website I visited and went perfect with my other kitchen appliances , so I ordered one ; I 'm so happy that I did.I got it yesterday afternoon and I 'm already making my second loaf with it . Right now I smell my potato bread and I can barely wait for it to finish and cool down so I can tear into it . Last night I prepared a bread mix from a box and that loaf was so good that its already been eaten.This machine is so easy to use , the readout is big enough you can see it and the bread is perfect ! I could not be happier with this purchase . I bought it mainly for the holiday season coming up , but I can say that we will be making bread a lot . I love the fact that you just place all your fresh ingredients in it , close the lid , push the buttons and this machine does it all for you . I also love the timer feature , so you can add your ingredients , set it to bake later , go to work , come home to fresh baked bread ! No muss no fuss . I highly recommend this machine to anyone and there are many recipes on-line to try ! You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I recently purchased this unit to replace an old Sun Beam machine . I am impressed with the front panel , as it 's user friendly and extremely easy to set up . I should point out , if you use spring water -LRB- bottled water -RRB- your breads will come out perfectly . Tap water never worked well for me.The unit runs fairly quietly and the finished loaf is easy to remove . Just tip the pan and the bread fall out . In my old machine I practically needed a crow bar to get the bread out , and had to dig the paddle out of the bread . In this unit , the paddle stays in the bread pan.A friend bought a more expensive unit from Amazon ; it was n't user friendly . The manual was cryptic and the front panel was esoteric.The TR875 is a joy . -LRB- Where do they get these model numbers from ? -RRB- I have to admit I bought a breadmaker cook book , so get recipes from that book . My favorite is potato bread . This unit has a jam setting , but really , I 'll buy my jam from a supermarket .
 All I can say is that bread machine is great
 This arrived with all plastic wraps still in place -LRB- some people seemed to have gotten used ones -RRB- . It is a bit big - like so many other appliances , it doesnt actually fit under my cabinets - well , it does for storage but i cant OPEN it if its under my cabinets and you have to open it fully to get the pan in and out.I 'd never owned a bread machine before , but i am allergic to yeast and was getting sick when I made gluten-free yeast bread for my son . I found this recomended on Karina 's Kitchen blog . The gluten-free setting is working great for me and i dont get sick -LRB- but i do have to ask another family member to remove the paddle at the end of the knead cycle -RRB- . I do check the bread temperature and switch the the bake cycle if the bread isnt quite done . I use the sandwhich bread recipe from Gluten Free Baking Classics , which i also bought from Amazon , but I do 1.5 times the recipe and it works out great -LRB- with slightly less liquid and slightly more xanthan , tho -RRB- . As long as I keep my flour mix ready , this does make bread making much simpler -LRB- aside from removing the paddle -RRB- .
 I had a breadmaker years ago and since I used it infrequently , I eventually sold it at a yardsale . After hearing a friend extol the advantages of her breadmaker and how much weight she had lost making whole wheat bread , I researched and purchased another one . She owned a Zojirushi . I liked this particular Breadman breadmaker because of the stainless steel exterior , price , and the smaller footprint . I have only used the basic cycle , so far , but the machine performs well . I have made both the 11/2 and 2 pound loaf . The bread rises well and the baking cycle browns the bread according to your desired color . Very satisfied with this product !
 WORKS GREAT , EASY TO USE - EASY TO CLEANREMEMBER TAKE THAT BREAD OUT ASAP ONCE IT IS DONE OR IT GETS CHEWY
 The Breadman works pretty well for gluten free bread . Pamela 's bread mix works much better than the Red Mill mixes though , so since Pamela has only one mix , I need to try Breadman 's and other gluten free recipes . One of the Red Mill mixes fell but my other 5 loaves have not . Most of the features work well and I have had no problems .
 I bought the Breadman TR875 back in December of 2008 and one word describes this device
 Nobody in my family makes yeast bread so I had absolutely no experience with it . I can make quick breads , like my mom 's banana bread , with my eyes closed but working with yeast was downright intimidating . However , I was craving cinnamon chip bread like we used to get in a bakery in the town we used to live in.This Breadman was available at my local store so I bought it and ordered cinnamon chips from King Arthur Flour . I 've had this Breadman for 2 years and am not disappointed , it 's never failed me . I branched out from cinnamon chip bread to white bread , to whole wheat breads with nuts and seeds , just how my husband likes it.I chose this Breadman because it does n't make those telltale vertical loaves I remember bread machines making in the early '90s . And , I 've got the timing down perfect to pull out the kneading paddle just after the last time it kneads so I just have a little hole in the bottom of the loaf . I 'm very happy with the Breadman TR875.To clean the inside of the paddle -LRB- there 's a hole where it sets onto the loaf pan -RRB- , I bought a Munchkin baby bottle brush for a few bucks , there 's a little brush to clean small openings with .
 I bought my Breadman Pro TR875 back in March of this year and I 've not bought bread at the grocery store since ! The machine makes perfect loaves of bread - color , texture , weight , etc.The only problem I have with the machine is the dough paddle . Sadly it seems the paddle gets stuck in the loaf - either coming out inside the bread or tearing a big hole as I shake the bread out.I may try my luck with the DOUGH setting and finish the loaves in the oven to avoid the hole in the bottom.It 's a good basic bread maker . If you 're not overly fussy about the appearance of the loaf , especially if the paddle gouges a hole in the bottom , and you can live with that flaw , go ahead and get this one until you 're ready to graduate to the Zorjurshi breadmakers.I gave it four stars because of the `` holy '' issues.REVISION & ADDED DETAILS October 24 , 2011After not using my Breadman for about a year , I am now back at it , but using it only on the `` DOUGH '' cycle - let the machine do the messy work - while I do the final kneading and shaping and bake it in my regular oven . The Breadman does the hard work with ease and my kitchen stays clean ! The paddle still comes out with the dough , but it is easy to pick out and has no effect on my finished loaves . If you are fearful of using the `` dough '' cycle and finishing your loaf on your own , do n't be . Your loaf will come out fine ! Try the basic white first , and using a large plastic mat for kneading , knead your dough into a well rounded ball and place in an oiled bowl for the next risings . Knead the dough into a loaf shape and place in the pan and let it rise again and then bake it . Your loaves will look like `` I-Slaved-In-The-Kitchen '' and turned it into a flour coated winter wonderland.It 's still a four star because of the paddle getting stuck in the bread or the dough.It 's a good quality entry level bread machine .
 I 've had this since late 2007 and have loved it for making dough for bread and pizza . It has performed well , I have no complaints.Unfortunately , the pan became scratched somehow . I called the company and was told they do n't make the unit any more , and so I ca n't get a replacement pan any more . Therefore , the unit is useless to me . So sad ! I do n't have the money to replace the entire thing at this point , so will have to do without.It seems to me that someone would have a replacement pan , but it 's just about impossible to find . If anyone has any suggestions I would love to hear them .
 The thing I love about homemade bread is that you know exactly what is in it ! I asked for this breadmaker after reading all the positive reviews , and I 've been so happy with it . I have yet to make a bad loaf -LRB- and I 'm not the best baker in the world -RRB- . It 's also easy to clean . I love the smell of fresh bread so much that I 'm averaging two loafs a week . Having homemade bread reminds me of times I have traveled to Europe and South America , where fresh-baked bread is an everyday necessity . I recommend this breadmaker to anyone ... especially those of you who think they ca n't bake !
 I bought this bread machine to make low sodium bread for my husband 's dietary needs . It 's very easy to use - just push the buttons on the front for the type of bread -LRB- white , wheat , dough only , etc. -RRB- , darkness of crust , size of loaf . The machine does the rest . The only thing I do n't love is that , when you remove the loaf , the kneader paddle pulls out a small chunk of the bread right in the middle of the loaf . This may be because I am using low sodium recipes , which have a different texture . Otherwise I am very pleased . It works well , is easy , and looks good on my counter . The 2-lb loaf looks more like a `` normal '' loaf of bread than the 11/2 lb . loaf . The 2-lb loaf is taller . I 've made both white and wheat bread and am looking forward to getting a little more creative .
 I bought the Breadman for my daughter who has celiac disease and has to eat gluten free . There is a gluten free button on the machine , which is what prompted me to buy it . It comes with recipes including some for gluten free bread . The machine was awesome ! She mixed all the ingredients as stated and in a little over an hour she had a great loaf of bread that was gluten free ! The only slight drawback is that it is a little difficult to clean the area that the blade goes into . Other than that it is a great machine ! I have been recommending it to everyone .
 I have had this since Dec , I have made 4 loaves of french bread and 1 loaf of cinnamon raisin , pretty simple to use add ingredients and press a couple of buttons three or so hours later machine beeps and lift up the cover , put on a couple of oven mits pull out the baking pan turn over , the bread loaf slides out , let cool and slice bread , everyone has enjoyed the fresh bread so far , just handle machine carefully as the pan metal seems thin , they do n't make anything anymore like the old days , but so far so good .
 I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend , and she loves it . We have made four loaves easily and correctly . We have not tried out all the different options yet but on the basic breads it works great . We did try the timer and it worked well , but not all the flour was mixed into the dough ball when I checked on it . Bread still came out great .
 I received this breadmaker as a Christmas gift and could n't be happier . I 've made a handful of loaves already and they 've turned out perfectly every time ! The breadmaker was packaged very well . It fits very comfortably on my counter and I like the stainless finish on it as well . The directions are very clear and simple to follow and I absolutely recommend this breadmaker . I 'm looking forward to trying out more bread recipes and also using the dough and jam functions . Happy baking !
 The Breadman Pro 's more compact size is a better fit for available counter space . With the old larger bread machine it was `` out 0f sight , out of mind '' . Very easy to operate with great results . I like the large window on the top to check on the mixing . Have been very pleased with the dough cycle for making dog biscuits and the baking cycles . The bread pan is easy to clean .
 We love this model . Three boys to feed - we are still experimenting with all the recipes ! Great buy .
 Three wonderful loaves of bread so far , including a great molasses whole wheat bread recipe that turned out fantastic ! Highly recommend that recipe and the breadmaker !
 I have only had this machine a short while and have made 3 loaves . They have turned out well.I did notice the plastic on the outside of the machine seems to have a rather unpleasant odor -LRB- kind of skunky -RRB- . It does not affect the performance however . So far , so good . I just hope it keeps doing well .
 I HAD NEVER USED A BREADMAKER BEFORE PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT , AND I LOVE IT . EVERY SINGLE LOAF THAT COMES OUT LOOKS PERFECT .
 If you want a breadmaker that does everything except shape the rolls from the dough , this is it . I absolutly love it ! It is flawless so far . I 've made regular breads , doughs of all sorts and even supposedly `` hard to make breads '' in this machine with out problems . The add-in beep is perfect and can be heard in another room . The finishing beep is loud enough to remind you it 's done but only lasts for a minute so does n't drive you nuts . It is n't silent , but what machine is . My family tuned it out in no time . The recipes in the includded manual all work great -LRB- except during a severe drought we are haveing right now I have to a 1/4 cup of water to the dough -RRB- . I use King Arthur Bread Flour , which rises higher , so have to use the smaller bread size setting since the larger size pushed the lid open , Ha ha . I worked in a bakery before this machine and know what fresh hand made , hand kneaded , hand formed bread tastes like and this is the closest I have come with any bread machine I have tested . Great Machine !!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter was just diagnosed with Celiac Disease , and I wanted a breadmachine that would bake gluten free bread . The Zojirushi is so highly recommended that I was a bit leery of trying this machine . But I figured that the $ 130 savings was worth a gamble . So far I am thrilled with this machine . I have baked just three loaves of bread with it , but all have come out perfectly . Keep in mind that I am brand new to GF baking and it can be tricky ! I have made two mixes in this machine and a from scratch bread . They rise beautifully and they do not fall afterwards . They have a nice crust and even texture . It is very simple to make GF bread in this machine . Add your wet ingredients , then your dry , sprinkle yeast on top . The GF setting is activated with a touch of a button . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I got this bread machine about 6 months ago , and just realized that it is time to share a review!I did A LOT of research over quite a long period of time , and finally decided on this one . I 'm glad I selected it , and I have been making great bread ever since.Should you get a breadmaker?Here 's the deal . If you like gourmet breads , they usually cost about $ 4 - $ 6 in the supermarket , and they still have all sorts of preservatives and random ingredients in them that help them stay fresh for a while . An easy solution to this dilemma is to buy a bread machine and make your own bread . It costs about $ 1 per loaf , and if you prorate the price of the machine -LRB- about $ 75 ? -RRB- out by 75 loaves , that adds $ 1 to the price . So , you are making gourmet bread with ingredients YOU selected ! Its custom gourmet bread and its inexpensive ! After those initial 75 loaves to cover the cost of the machine , you 've got yourself a lot of high quality , cheap bread -LRB- and if it goes bad before you can finish it , you do n't feel like you dumped money in the trash -RRB- . Which breadmaker do you get?So , once you 've decided you need a breadmaker , you 've got a billion options . You can get a full range in prices , with various capabilities and loaf sizes . I personally hate the `` tall '' loaves that are kind of column shaped , so I looked for a machine that can make horizontal loaves . Again , there are a number of opportunities . I read review after review , website after website , looking for that `` perfect '' machine . And , this baby is it ! The price , mixed with a large number of good reviews , and the quality of the product -LRB- it is sturdy , easy to use , and looks nice in the kitchen -RRB- make this a great choice.The recipes in the included booklet are pretty good , and I would also suggest you go to one of the numerous breadmaker recipe websites . My brother -LRB- whom I convinced to buy the same machine -RRB- bought a book with something like 1,000 recipes . He loves his breadman pro too , and uses it much more than I do ... he makes all these crazy variations -LRB- it 's awesome ! -RRB- , and uses all the random options -LRB- like the dough option -RRB- . He did mention that it `` over mixes '' cookie dough , but I question the need to make cookie dough in a breadmaker -LRB- is it that hard to mix cookie dough yourself ? -RRB- . I should note that whole wheat flours do n't rise as easily -LRB- I think they are denser -RRB- , so an increase of the yeast amount helps -LRB- without tasting `` yeasty '' -RRB- - this has nothing to do with the bread machine , just bread making in general . Also , if you know someone that is allergic to wheat , but is n't allergic to glucose , this machine does a nice job with a rye/spelt blend for the flour ... it does n't rise much , but people allergic to wheat are usually used to that whole scenario , so it 's not a big deal . Oh , in case you 're wondering about the reviewers who are having trouble getting their bread to rise the right amount , there 's something I 've noticed about the temperature of the water you add . I think there 's a reason that the recipe book calls for 80 degree water , and I 've noticed that too hot or too cold water will limit how high you see the loaf rise . Regarding how long it takes to make a loaf , you have a few options . You can make a loaf in 3.25 hours -LRB- the longest -RRB- and as fast as a little over 1 hour.Should you buy it from Amazon?A quick note about amazon . They sent me a machine that was clearly used once or twice . It even had some flour residue inside , and a spot was rubbed out of the stick free surface of the pan . I think this is incredibly shady , but I 'm a pretty laid back guy with purchases under $ 100 , so I just called them and told them about it , and they gave me some money back to remedy the situation . I 'm sure I could have forced a replacement product , but I did n't . Just do a good check over the machine when you get it to make sure it is new!It ca n't be THAT great ... My only issues with the machine are as follows
 I bought this machine for several reasons
 I got this bread machine for my birthday and have had it for a couple of weeks . First , I think does its job rather well . I 've made several loaves of bread and each has turned out according to plan . It also has a great dough cycle that I 've used to make some tasty rolls.The only real problem I 've encountered is that the loaf pan has a tendency to come loose from the holder every so often while the machine is kneading the dough . I bent the holder out a little bit , which seemed to solve the problem . Also , the view window frequently gets dusted with flour , so I ca n't always see inside to look at the loaf . If it 's still in the mixing stage , I 'll open it up and wipe it off . So that 's is n't a big problem either . The final thing is that I ca n't -LRB- or I ca n't figure out how to -RRB- choose between the different stages of baking . For example , if I want to let the bread rise for 15 more minutes , I ca n't flip over to the rise cycle and add minutes , or add minutes while the rise cycle is ongoing.Overall , I think it does an excellent job and have been very pleased with all the bread it has turned out so far .
 I was recently diagnosed with having a Gluten Intolerance and was so excited to find a breadmaker that offered a Gluten Free Cycle . Having tried many of the store bought gluten-free breads , I decided that I would try to make my own . The results have been amazing - this breadmaker is so easy to use and the bread always comes out perfect . Because of this breadmaker , I can enjoy sandwiches again .
 Fourth breadmaker in over 12 years . My wife makes a lot of bread . She said she would like to have two of these . I selected this machine after over four hours of research on the internet . Our first machine was a DAK , the or one of the bread machine pioneers . We have had this one for six weeks and have made a lot of bread and doughs . So far , it continues to work well with no problems or complaints at all . The bread from this machine is the best quality bread baked from any machine we have owned . This might be because it does not have a one hour cycle , over two hours for the fastest total time . Therefore , I believe quality bread may not be produced in `` one hour '' total time .
 I live at a high altitude -LRB- 6,700 feet -RRB- and I am still adjusting my recipes to get a perfect loaf , but every loaf has been edible . I prefer whole wheat breads , made with no white flour so it makes it more difficult to get a good-not-too-dense loaf at any altitude . The machine is very easy to use . My only complaint could be the size because it 's pretty big , but I know there are much bigger ones out there and not many smaller ones , especially those that would make a 2 lb loaf . I would recommend purchasing this product to anyone looking for a decent breadmaker that can make an almost normal shaped loaf of bread .
 I bought this bread machine a few weeks ago and have made about eight loaves of bread with it so far - everything from white bread , whole wheat , sourdough , etc. . Every loaf has turned out perfect so far and tasted great ! And I should let you know that I 'm kind of a sloppy baker in that I do n't have the patience to measure everything perfectly . I was worried that would produce less than perfect loaves , but so far my `` good enough '' measuring has n't ruined anything . And making bread with this machine could n't be easier . You simply pour in the wet ingredients first , then dump in the dry ingredients , then pour the yeast on top of the dry ingredients , close the lid and push the start button . That 's it ! Only once did I need to help blend the ingredients from the side of the baking bucket during the second kneading stage , but it was easy and I did it with a spatula . With every other loaf , I 've literally pushed the start button and walked away or left the building and come back 3 hrs later to the smell of fresh baked bread and a delicious loaf . It has delayed start if you wanted to set it at night and wake up to fresh bread in the morning and it has a warming feature in case you do n't get back by the time it 's done . I read in the manual that it also makes jam . I ca n't wait to try that - make my own fresh bread and jam ! Now if it would just churn butter . -LRB- Who knows , maybe it does . -RRB-
 There are plenty of GREAT reviews for this product on Amazon . I just want to emphasize that if you are looking for a terrific present for a dear friend or family member who is afflicted with gluten intolerance or celiac disease OR for someone battling autism with a gluten free diet , THIS IS THE PURR-FECT SOLUTION.Breadman Pro + Pamela 's Amazing Wheat Free Bread Mix and even the busiest folks can have fresh bread , gluten free -- hassle free -- warm -- delicious!I 've had mine for several months now , baking an average of two 2-lb loaves each week for a household of 2 adults . I buy the Pamela 's gluten-free bread mix by the case with Amazon 's Subscribe & Save program so I never run out of supplies . Even my gluten-loving husband loves this bread.HypFoods and GlutenFreeGoddess both have great blogging tips for baking fresh bread in the Breadman Pro . Enjoy !
 The Breadman is an excellent machine . I have had others made by this company , so had no hesitation in ordering a new one . They make delicious bread and are easy to use . -LRB- Because there are just two of us and the bread is best when it 's fresh , I 've found it will even make a small 1/2 pound loaf . -RRB- However , you could have trouble if you try to use the accompanying print materials to try to order a replacement part . The big corporation that now owns this brand name along with about 10 others will not sell ANY replacement parts directly . If you misplace the little kneading paddle , as I did , you might think your only choice is to throw away the rest and order a whole new machine . I did that -- but then a helpful fellow reviewer let me know that you CAN buy a new paddle direct from Amazon , so all is not lost .
 I bought this breadmaker five years ago and have been using it very regularly since then . Generally , I make your basic white loaves , but have made specialty breads , doughs and most recently have forayed into the world of gluten free breads . The Breadman can handle it all . This is my first bread machine and if this were to ever break , I would definitely by it again , but after five years it shows no signs of wearing down !
 Really easy to operate , excellent results !!! My husband started making his own bread last year & I picked this up because it was an excellent price . One of the best deals I 've gotten this year
 I bought this product about a month ago . I have been using it frequently and love it ! It 's easy to use , easy to clean and the bread is great . Making bread is a little tricky , anytime it did not come out perfect it was `` pilot error '' you need to pay close attention to the recipes they need to be exact . The machine itself works great . You put the ingredients in , push a button and you 're done . The price was great too ! I could n't be happier .
 I bought this Breadmaker last December when it went on sale . The main reason I ordered it was because it has a Gluten Free cycle . There are 3 gluten free people in my family and getting decent bread has been difficult and very expensive . I had purchased a few cases a GF bread mix before , but never gotten around to making any because it was too much work to do it by hand . The first loaf I made was with Bob 's Red Mill GF Wonderful Bread Mix ; by all accounts it was wonderful -LRB- fluffy , warm , and delicious -RRB- and went very fast . My husband could not believe it was GF and thought it tasted better than regular bread . I have also made loaves from other mixes
 We bought this bread machine because it has a gluten-free cycle . It took a bit of tweaking , but my wife is able to make gluten-free and yeast-free bread that is delicious . I also make `` normal '' bread and every recipe I 've tried has been easy and turned out great .
 I bought this breadmaker for my son and daughter in law and they are thrilled . They said the bread was easy to make and turned out delicious . The gluten free setting was exactly what they needed for their son who is on a gluten free diet .
 i really enjoy using my new breadman to make gluten-free bread . many mixes are available . even those who do not need gluten-free said the bread is very good . susan
 I am impressed with the product . It is relatively simple to use and turns out a good loaf of bread . Only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the shape of the loaf is about as high as it is long so does not make the ideal shape for sandwiches .
 We are just starting to get to know all of the features of this breadmaker , and trying new recipes , but so far , it has been great . You just add the ingredients and set the program , which takes just seconds , and you have wonderfully fresh and delicious bread . It is amazingly simple , but so wonderfully delicious . Several mornings we used the timer feature so the bread was ready when we got up ... what a great way to start the day , to the smell of fresh bread.I would definitely recommend this product to a friend .
 I bought this for my daughter on amazons deal of the day for $ 59.95 ... she had never used a bread machine & I gave her some pointers & she has already made quite a few loaves with no problem . I have a breadman bread machine too that I have had for several years ... . they are very nice .
 I have had no problems with this bread machine . It is easy to use even for a first time bread machine user like me . The large window in the top means it is easy to see what is going on inside . All my loaves have turned out great . The machine is quite large so did n't fit in any of my cupboards , but it looks attractive enough to keep out on the counter top .
 This has to be the best bread machine EVER ! I have fixed several of the recipes already , including the italian herb bread , trail mix bread , and this morning I used the dough cycle for challah . The challah just came out of the oven , and the dough cycle made it such a pleasure to do the final stage by hand , braiding the strips and baking to a golden color . Most other bread machines I had tried several years ago were user unfriendly compared to this beauty . Really BIG in size , but sturdy and beautiful in the stainless steel . The settings are clear & easy to follow on the front panel and the led window lets you see the progress , the time for each stage , really fun to watch , especially the first several times . I think I would give it ten stars if I could ! And after all , what is more inviting than the scent of freshly baked bread ! The booklet also explains to follow the instructions carefully to experience the best possible outcome . But that should be a no brainer for any product . How can one complain if one deviates from the advice given for the basic guide of adding ingredients and all ? Yet the instructions also explain in detail how to use other favorite recipes not designed for a bread machine . A really lovely gift for your favorite baker !
 I was leary about buying a bread maker , this one is great ! Very easy to use , easy to clean and it makes a fantastic loaf of bread . If I were to change anything , it would be to make the bread pan more elongated . That way I would have a loaf of bread that looks more like the loaves one would buy . Otherwise , nothing better than using the timer and having a HOT , FRESH slice of bread in the morning with butter and jelly ! mmmmmm
 This is great tool for your kitchen . I tried some other brands earlier but breadman is clearly a leader . 100 % satisfied - since my wife loves it , I am happy ;--RRB- Naveen
 It has surpassed my expectations and could n't be easier to use!Great product !
 I purchased the Breadman Breadmaker about a month ago . Since then I have made about 10 loaves of bread . I have used the standard cook cycle as well as the dough cycle . Every loaf has come out nicely browned and tastes great . In the past , I would make bread by hand , and many times I would be disappointed because the loaf did n't rise properly . The Breadman has a warming cycle that keeps the dough warm through the mixing and rising cycles to allow the yeast to activate properly . Every loaf I have made has risen well . I am extrememly pleased with my purchase .
 I 've made only three loaves so far , and have n't used any of the settings except the rapid - but each loaf has come out perfectly . It 's a bit better if I remember to scrape the flour out of the corners while it 's in process , but it 's fine even if I do n't remember -LRB- which has been most of the time -RRB- . The loaves have turned out perfectly even though I use different flours . Such a huge improvement over the last breadmaker I have!It 's also very attractive and looks nice in my kitchen - not a necessity , but a welcome bonus .
 Every loaf I have made on this breadmaker has been perfect , including those baked on the fast cycle . The dough cycle works well for dinner rolls also . It is quiet , does not get very hot on the outside , and is easy to clean . The bread slips out of the pan without sticking . I researched several breadmakers before buying and felt this one offered from Amazon was the best bargain . I was surprised and pleased at how fast it arrived , and have been completely happy with it . I highly recommend this machine .
 This breadmaker makes a perfect loaf every time ! Uniform golden crust , tender , fragrant , delicious bread . Looks so great in stainless that you will want to leave it on your countertop .
 This is our first bread maker . It 's very easy to operate . We have found it to make perfect dough and bread . Looks great in our kitchen with our other stainless steel appliances . I am totally satisfied with this machine .
 As a single person I like this breadmachine because it is very versitile . It has two bread sizes and an oblong bread pan which makes a nice shaped loaf . The manual is very helpful , and all the recipes give measurements for both sizes . The timer allows you to have the machine make bread during the night or when you are out , so you can wake up to fresh warm bread for breakfast , or fresh warm bread for your dinner .
 My first breadmaker ever , and I love it ! I read reviews on so many breadmakers , and finally threw up my handles and `` settled '' on this one . I certainly did n't settle , however -- it 's great ! I have been baking fresh bread every other day since I purchased it -LRB- 3 months ago -RRB- , and every loaf is perfect ! I adapted the French Bread recipe into a simple wheat bread recipe -LRB- i.e. 1 cup white flour & 3 cups wheat , with everything else remaining the same -RRB- -- and it comes out perfectly !
 I read a lot of reviews before I purchased my first bread machine . I wanted one that was the most expensive , but also was n't the cheapest . I am very satisfied with my machine . I read some reviews that it slide around on the counter . I have seen that just a little bit , but I do put a placemat underneath it everytime I bake.The only thing I have found that the 11/2 lb . loaves bake better than the 2 lb . loaves . It seems everytime I do a 2 lb . loaf it is n't cooked all the way through . But that does n't matter to me , because I usually only need the 11/2 lb . loaf anyway.I have been baking tons since I got it and my office loves me for brining in fresh bread all the time.Lastly , I bought the book `` The Bread Lover 's Bread Machine Cookbook '' which is amazing . It is a must have !!!!
 This bread machine is wonderful . I have had others , this one is by far the best . The best feature is how the bread pan simply pulls out of the machine . It is very simple and easy to do . This machine makes a great loaf of bread every time . Every kind I have tried comes out great . The large buttons are easy to use . I would highly recommend this bread machine .
 I love this bread machine so much . It makes the best cinnamon raisan bread on the planet.This morning I accidently melted the control panel with my crockpot . I was so bummed . I will order a new one just like it today , from Amazon.Awesome Bread !!
 I have an old breadmaker that is about ready to die anyway but I never could make really good whole wheat bread in it.I decided to try a newer one , I just love this bread maker , I grind my own grain and use the whole wheat recipe that comes with the machine and it is the softest moist bread I 've ever made in a braed machine.Yesterday I did a half w.w. half bread flour with flax seed and sunflower seeds , yummy.My only regret is it does ` nt have a quick bread setting which I thought it did when I ordered it , My mistake .
 I sent this machine to my daughter as a birthday present . I was pleased with the price which was very competitive . The shipping was free . She received it in good condition and in a timely manner . She loved the machine . This vendor sent me an e-mail telling me the ship date and it arrived as promised . I was very pleased .
 I purchased my first Breadman TR875 in January 2009 and used it quite a bit until the gears or bearings wore out in December 2009 . I am not impressed with it 's longevity , but this machine makes such good bread that I bought a second one and hope it will last a little longer . I make a loaf of bread every other day and it always comes out perfect . I set a timer to pull the paddle out before the bread starts to bake so there is n't a big hole in the bottom . If I only get a year out of this second machine I may have to upgrade to the next level of bread machines , but for now this one does the job .
 I ordered this machine about two months ago and have used it two to three times a week every week since where we live the bread is awful . I have used it thus far to make dough for hamburger buns , pita bread and have also used it to mix and bake a variety of breads . The machine is very easy to use and the booklet is also very useful -LRB- especially if you have never baked before or used a bread machine before -RRB- . The booklet is well-organized and contains a chart on the lengths of each cycle for the different kinds of breads , jams , and doughs -LRB- including pasta -RRB- you can make with it . The booklet also contains numerous basic recipes to get you started on using the machine . I am also impressed at the machine 's light weight , that the bread pan washes up easily , and that it does n't take up much space in the kitchen . It also has a handy viewing window so you can see if your bread has indeed risen . Another plus to this machine is that it has an 8 minute memory so if the power goes out it will remember the cycle for 8 minutes . This has proven to be enough time for our generator to kick on and save the loaf of bread . The machine also has a beep function for adding ingredients during the second knead and will keep your loaf warm for 30 minutes if you do n't hear the timer go off when the loaf is done baking.Since owning this machine and realizing how easy it is to make dough in it , I 've got the `` bread baking bug '' and have been searching for the best recipes on the web . I 've found that once you know the basics of the machine and what your doughs should look like , it is easy to experiment with recipes . As I paid about $ 85 for it through an Amazon sale , I really feel like I am getting my money 's worth . So far , it is proving to stand up to fairly rigorous use !
 I use a bread machine to make all our family 's breads . This is my 4th one . I 've worn out the other 3 . This one is the best one so far . I hope it can stand up to all use .
 I just got this machine in the hopes that I could finally have some gluten free bread that did n't , well , suck ! I just tried it with the Pamela 's Products Wheat-Free Amazing bread mix and made gluten free , dairy free , soy free bread and I am still in shock at how good it is . If you are sad that you ca n't enjoy gluten-free bread , go with this combo and you wo n't be sorry ! I 'm going to try this with regular bread for my husband later , I ca n't wait !
 Purchased this Breadman TR875 from Amazon Nov08 for $ 39.99 . It replaces my aging -LRB- 15yo -RRB- Breadman bread maker . Hard to believe , but the new one is only about 1/10th the price of my first Breadman !! The old Breadman still works , but is developing `` issues '' -- it was time to say good-by , and move on.Why Breadman ? I can attest to their durability and value . This unit is quiet , and the `` super-rapid '' program is great if you have drop-in guests.Put this item in your cart , and check daily/wait until the price drops to a reasonable level before ordering .
 I just found out that i have Celiac Disease and i bought this breadmaker to use the `` Gluten Free '' setting . I was a little scared to buy something this important over the internet , but when it arrived i was overcome with the school girl giggles . i tried my first loaf the next day and the breadmaker actually worked . i got a great loaf of bread ! I do suggest that you follow the instructions saying that you need to run the breadmachine before you use it for the first time . Those with Celiac 's
 I use this bread machine at least once a month , sometimes once a week for gluten free baking . It has a strong motor and a bottom paddle -LRB- not a top hook -RRB- that is essential for pushing through sticky GF flour and bread recipes . It is pretty easy to clean too.I have found that the Super Rapid setting works better than the GF setting for making GF bread . It has more options and , I think , makes a better loaf . I have n't had any problems with this bread maker and I have had it for a year and a half and have made at least 20 loaves with it . It is also really useful for mixing up dough for pizza or other things that need careful mixing and then left to rise.The bread that I make with this machine is so much cheaper and better than any kind I have been able to find - it has more than paid for itself !
 My old breadmaker was damaged when our cupboard broke and it fell.I did a lot of research of breadmakers and was ready to purchase another brand when I read the info on the Breadman TR875.It works great and the loaves look like bread should look . Not round tubes.It is easy to use . The only problem is I am making too much bread & eating it!Great product .
 This is my first foray into bread making . This bread maker got great reviews so I purchased it from Amazon and I 'm so glad I did . So easy to use , to clean and makes great bread ! My five year old told me the cinnamon raisin bread I made was better than the bread from the store . I like the little reminder beep to add fruits/nuts , etc. . It has a small footprint compared to other machines I 've seen . I 'm very happy with this bread maker and I 'm looking forward to making many loaves of delicious bread .
 I 've had several machines over the years . I bought this due to the reviews , especially those that said it was relatively quiet . Overall it 's a good machine . I 've now made 3 loaves and several dough batches and things work well , and bake evenly . I was n't sure I 'd like the shape of the loaves but turns out we all like them better than the vertical ones . But it 's really not quiet . We still move it to the basement if we 're around when it 's on . And when I first plug it in , there 's a loud , jarring , beep that nails me since I must lean towards it to plug it in . Annoying ... but I 'm starting to remember and change position . Once they truly make a quiet breakmaker , I 'll be first in line . Until then , this does a nice job on the bread .
 Have been using the machine at least once a week for about two months . Purchased for gluten free cycle and it is quite a time saver . The machine is larger than I expected .
 This was our first breadmaker . We reseached breadmakers for a few months and read most of the reviews here on Amazon for the different models . I ca n't exactly say what it was about this model that triggered our purchase , but the positive reviews were a plus . We received the breadmaker after a short delay -LRB- it was out of stock -RRB- and immediately started making bread . It 's super easy to use , and the bread was excellent . The menu has 10 preset bread recipe choices , and options for different crusts -LRB- light , medium , dark -RRB- and it can make either a 1.5 lb or 2lb . loaf . The first loaf we made was Menu option 1 , classic white bread , 2lb loaf . We used all purpose flour , vegetable oil , and normal over the counter ingredients -LRB- salt , sugar , tap water -RRB- . The yeast was Fleischmann 's . Water , and everything else but the flour and yeast go in first . Then flour , then yeast on top . Press Menu button 1 , then the loaf button to select 2lb loaf , then select the crust you want . Press Start . That 's it . Makes a 2lb . loaf in about 3hrs . 10 mins . The only time I interacted with the machine was to gently push loaf residue off of the sides of the bread pan during the initial mixing . I do n't know if that 's necessary or not , but I did n't want dough remnants on the side of the pan , so I helped out the mixing process with my spatula.The baked loaf comes out of the pan really easy , and sometimes the mixer paddle is trapped in the bottom of the loaf , but it 's easy to remove . The pan comes out really easy and its a snap to clean it . You need to clean the mixer paddle carefully before you store the machine after using it , dough will work its way inside the D shaped motor shaft hole and probably ferment . I used a very small bottle brush and detergent to get that hole sparkly clean for storage.We 've made 5 or 6 loaves of bread with this machine by now . We tried a 1.5 lb French Bread -LRB- Menu # 2 -RRB- with all purpose flour , olive oil , medium crust . And it was delicious.We paid about $ 10 less when we purchased it off of Amazon last month , when it came back in stock , the price appears to have jumped about $ 10 . But , given the chance again , I would buy this machine anyway.Good value for the money , and it makes great bread .
 We have absolutely loved this machine , pretty much exclusively making whole wheat bread for our whole family , including two guys under age 4 -LRB- using organic flour from Whole Foods -RRB- every week or so . We will never go back to store bought bread with added junk!Not a hitch so far , until today . As a matter of habit , whenever I clean it , I spin the mechanism on the bottom of the bread pan back and forth . Well , today , it would n't budge ! I could have broken my hand trying to spin this sucker -LRB- and I 'm a pretty strong guy -RRB- . I 'd never noticed the stem feeling even remotely stiff before , and now it was completely seized up . I did NOT want to try to make bread with this , because it would have burned out the motor trying to spin this thing . I searched on line for a while , trying things like , `` breadman pro paddle wo n't spin '' or `` paddle broken , '' but all I came up with were people who were bummed that it broke and that it was n't worth replacing.So I tried this little DIY
 I havebeen making gluten free bread regularly since receiving this machine and have n't looked back . No more cardboard bread from the market . I am very impressed with it . It is easy to clean and maintain and makes great bread . It is silent and fast - one hour 17 minutes for a medium sized loaf .
 This bread machine is a GREAT value for the money . When I bought this , I was looking for a stellar performing bread machine that could withstand lots of use . This bread machine fit the bill !! I love the horizontal loaves it produces -- it 's easier to cut and I think it kneads much better than the vertical loaf type machine . Easy to clean and the non stick surface in the bread pan is MUCH BETTER than cheaper priced machines . Another plus is that this machine does not take up a lot of counter space . It is rounded around the edges . Breadman has a great reputation for great quality bread machines , so this is a great investment !
 My husband bought me this machine for my birthday so I could make gluten free bread for our son who has celiac . I used to love making bread by hand , but gluten free bread is obviously quite different to make and I could n't stand getting gooey dough all over the place , the bread did n't rise and I would end up with miserably small , dense and hard as a rock loaves of ` bread ' . After I got the Breadman I turned my great grandmother 's Norwegian bread , into a gluten free recipe and followed the directions for gluten free baking . I was really impressed with the size of the loaf ! It looked like a normal loaf size . And it cooked great . . the outside was crispy but the inside was moist and tender , delicious ... just like it should be ! There was no mess , just dump the ingredients in and let it do its business . Clean up was a snap . It was so easy I almost felt guilty.I did n't realize one can take the paddle out before it bakes ... I 'll try that next time as I did n't like tearing my loaf up.I feel great about being able to make delicious loaves of bread once again !
 What a thrill to be able to use a bread machine for gluten-free bread without having to interrupt the cycle and do a bunch of special programming!This machine makes fresh bread a breeze . The gluten-free cycle isa time-saver , and a life-saver !
 This is my first bread maker and I have to say I was AMAZED at how well this one works . I have had friends that fight and hastle with theirs to get the loafs just right . With this one I just put the ingredients in the pan and let it whirl ! Mine is quiet and I love the way the pan and paddle clean up so easy . . the non stick coating is great , the loafs just fall out of the pan . So far the score is 5 for 5 . . 5 uses and 5 perfect loaves ... I just have to try and keep everyone in the house from eating the bread before I can make more !!
 I am celiac sprue and this is a wonderful machine . Along with being very good , it is much faster in finishing than other machines I have had . I would recommend this model to anyone with a wheat allergy .
 Love the small footprint of this Breadman . It is half the size of my last Breadman . But it still does all the things I need it to do ... and then some .
 i just made my first loaf of gluten free bread - gluten free pantry best sandwich bread and its wonderful . first gf bread worth eating in 21/2 yrs . i didnt give it 5 stars because the machine a little loud during the kneading cycle , scared the dog . also i cant program the glutenfree cycle for a 2lb loaf , which wasnt a huge problem because the gluten free cycle is identical to the super rapid cycle . the chart in the manual with the rise times is a little confusing and the math is wrong . it says that there is no rise time for the gf cycle , but there really is a 12 minute rise cycle.i dont think i 'm going to bother return it because i want to make more bread .
 I purchased this machine after carefully researching and reviewing several machines . It is well made , sturdy , and gets the job done . I have used it for gluten free breads only that I either mix myself or purchase pre-mixed and ready to dump in.The gluten free setting is fantastic , but the only downfall is that you can not chose the 2lb loaf setting for gluten free . You can get around that by extending the bake time . I would definitely recommend this machine if you 're just starting out and do n't need too many bells and whistles .
 I 'm not sure why this one has so many negative comments . So far it works as I expected it to . I 've made 3 loaves with it . The recipes and instructions are good . I bought it to help with making low sodium bread and it works fine for that . I am just leaving the salt out.The bread is not totally like homemade bread . This is a handy device but it makes a loaf the way its set to make it . I ca n't put the loaf back in for another 10 minutes and to my taste the bread is overly kneaded.The taste is fine and for those who have n't spent much of their life being picky about homemade bread you will love how easy it works.I did read from one poster that the bread pan is impossible to get out . I got mine on crooked the first time and wondered for awhile if I was going to have to send it back bread and all to be removed . I was finally able to get the pan out . Be aware of what you are doing and make sure you get the pan in there straight or it is really hard getting it out . Otherwise you wo n't have a problem .
 When I found out I was allergic to wheat , I was very disheartened . I loved bread ! I ate some everyday -LRB- which is probably why I was so often sick , but who ever thinks that their favorite foods might be the problem ? -RRB- . I resigned myself to the fact that I would never eat bread again , until I found this bread maker.I 've only made one loaf so far , using a recipe from the Gluten-free Goddess 's Blog , and it turned out great !! I 've never used a bread maker before , so ca n't compare it to others , but the process was easy -LRB- just layer ingredients , select the right cycle , and let it go -RRB- . Once done , the loaf slide right out of the pan , but I did manage to squish the top , so my loaf is kind of sunk in in the middle . I can also see how the paddle might annoy people when they try to take it out , but I did n't have any problems . When looking for a bread maker to buy , I read lots of reviews debating the benefits of 1 paddle instead of 2 . However , I found that 1 paddle was sufficient to stir everything.So far , this bread maker was worth the $ 95 I paid , and I probably would have even paid full price for it if I had to .
 I had this for over 9 months before I used it . I found the recipes included to be a bit overwhelming . I found some great recipes on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I am in love !!! It 's so easy and simple . 4 minutes to assemble ingredients and 3.5 hours later , nice tasty bread . I 've made a gluten free spelt flour oat bread for a friend with celiac 's . It was very good . I highly recommend this .
 Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless SteelA great machine - best one I 've had in years - I 'm exceedingly happy with it
 I love the bread this machine makes very easy to use and clean . Love the way how good it looks sitting on my counter . It is not as quite as I would have liked but not loud enough to make me gripe . I read some of the other reviews was a little worried but got the machine fast and a brand new one . The owners manual has a few recipes nothing to brag about get a good bread recipe book to go with this . Would purchase again great buy !!
 Not only did I get it in time for my wife to make a bread for a contest she one last year , this year she took first place ! Yippee ... Jason K.
 I have never been handy in the kitchen - but since getting this Breadman unit , I have baked over a dozen loaves of bread , of various types , and the results have been fantastic . I recommend this unit to anyone who wants the ease of a microwave when it comes to baking bread . Just two nights ago I set it to have a loaf ready when I got out of bed the next morning - and I woke to the delicious aroma of my own home-baked bread !
 Love this breadmachine , I received my purchase about 3 weeks ago and I have been making breads with ever since . Every one of my breads have turned out well . I have never had a breadmachine before and did not know anything about how to use one , but it sure is easy . Also this breadmachine looks great in the kitchen and it matches all my other brushed stainless Steel Appliances and kitchentools . As with all of the breadmachines , the kneader often sticks to the bread , but it comes out easely . I got it on sale and did n't have to pay a Shipping & Handling Fee . For this price it sure is an awesome product .
 Although it does take three hours from start to finish , the bread was very delicious and worth the wait . I would highly recommend .
 This is an ideal machine for me . I love homemade bread but hate the fuss and mess . It is easy to use . Good to look at . Quiet . Makes great bread .
 The Breadman make a nice loaf of bread . I like the horizontal loaf.It is much quiter than the bread machine that I have now.The only con is that the bread pan is hard to get out of machine sometimes .
 HI WE HAVE HAD THIS MACHINE FOR AROUND 3 MONTHS . WE HAVE MADE A NUMBER OF LOAVES OF BREAD THUS FAR . SO FAR WE ARE VERY SATISFIED . THE MACHINE WORKS WELL . SOME OF THE BREAD HAS BEEN TO OUR SATISFACTION AND SOME NOT SO . I CA N'T BLAME IT ON THE MACHINE , IT COULD BE THE RECIPE AND NOT FOLLOWING IT TO THE LETTER . OVERALL IT HAS BEEN A BLESSING . WE PRAISE GOD EVERY DAY FOR IT . WE KNOW THAT FOR OUR HEALTH , IT WILL ENHANCE OUR BODIES TO BE HEALTHIER , AND BE BETTER PREPARED TO DO HIS WILL .
 Esta m&aacute;quina es lo m&aacute;ximo ; yo no le ten&iacute;a mucha f&eacute; , pero por curiosidad mas que nada , la ped&iacute; como regalo del d&iacute;a de las madres ; y cu&aacute;l ser&iacute;a mi sorpresa que desde el primer pan que prepar&eacute; , me sali&oacute; perfecto , delicioso , y prepararlo es demasiado simple ; lo &uacute;nico que yo les pedir&iacute;a , es que el instructivo tambi&eacute;n estuviera escrito en espa & ntilde ; ol , ya que yo tengo que estar traducieno las recetas , y &eacute;so se me hace algo complicado ... por lo dem&aacute;s , &eacute;sta m&aacute;quina es tan buena , que parece incre&iacute;ble .
 This came in the mail and I forgot that I bought it . I was dedicated disciple of the Atkin 's meat fetish . Bread can be used for so many dishes that I did n't know of . It even makes croutons if you cut up the bread and bake the little pieces in your conventional oven . I wake up every morning to the pleasant sounds of my husband pouring all of the ingredients in . Now I know what they were talking about when they said `` Loaves and Fishes '' except i do n't like adding fish to the dough . LOL . anyway ... this IS an exceptional bread machine ; and I 'm grateful that I bought it .
 I use this at least twice a week . It 's my first bread machine and it 's great . All you do is add everythig you need and the machine does everything for you .
 I gave this to my wife for Christmas wondering if we would ever really use it . Turns out it is so easy my 10-year-old daughter loves it . All you do is dump in the items from any recipe and push the start button . The machine does everything else . In about 3 hours you have hot fresh bread .
 Tried out the bread maker the same nite i got it ; Worked perfectly , bread came out very good .
 I love bread so this review is tainted . This is my first bread machine so I have nothing to compare it against . The Breadman is about 2 months old now and has made about 25 loaves 2 were duds , they had to much salt . I 've been getting recipes off the internet there is a ton of sources to pick from . It 's easy to operate and when the bread is almost done the whole house permeates fresh baked bread ... It 's like a bit of heaven . The machine is fairly easy to clean up.The only con is the carbs , if I could only figure out how to eat around them .
 Received this machine for Christmas and love it . We have made about a dozen loaves so far and have not had any problems . We really like the rapid setting , which allows us to enjoy fresh bread in just over 2 hours ... awesome ! I wo n't comment on the price , because we bought it during Black Friday and the price was insanely low .
 This is my second bread machine , I wore out the Hitachi . I 'm not sure if it is just the difference in recipes or the machine itself but we really like the bread the Breadman makes . The texture is great in white , wheat and rye . I have also made raisin bread and it turned out delicious . I am disappointed that the 2 pound size is too tall for practical bread use . You do n't get more slices just taller ones . So I am sticking to the 11/2 lb size which is still tall . I personally cut the slices in half for my sandwiches . They also work better in the toaster if cut in half . I would recommend this machine .
 Easy to use and clean , does a good job of kneading dough and baking the bread . The recipes that come with the machine seem to be a bit off but every baker knows that humidity/flour type has an effect on the amount of water needed in a recipe.In the first few minutes of mixing make sure you use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides ... this is the point when you will know if you need a bit more liquid . I believe the manual also suggests doing this.The rapid cycle tends to give a bread with an extremely tough crunchy crust . The regular cycle is more ` true ' to the setting you choose as an option when you put the ingredients in ... light , medium , dark.I have not used the pasta cycle , gluten free cycle , or the jam cycle .
 This is a perfect purchase ! Easy to use , and makes perfect bread ! I got it for Christmas , and already made about 20 different breads . It does n't get much better than this one ! I do n't have anything bad to day about this mashine , it is the best on the market !
 This is our first bread machine , and it 's great . We 've had the machine for 4 months and made about a dozen loaves so far . Fresh bread is much better then anything you can buy and totally worth the investment . We 've made white , whole wheat , and a cranberry bread . While you can throw in the ingredients and walk away , you will be better off taking a peak at it every 20 or 30 minutes . We have n't had any of the computer issues that some people have commented about , but after using it , I think at least some of the people with bad reviews just are n't following the very simple directions . You might want to consider an electric knife to cut the bread . You can get thinner slices with less crushing of the loaf . This machine is very easy to use , and clean . Just read the directions !!! Update - Almost 18 months later we have n't been using it much . Maybe it 's the summer heat . Fresh warm bread is always better on a cold day . The machine still works great .
 Pros
 Good product but loaves are very small , and are hard to cut evenly but its excellent for mixing i made doughnuts , pizza dough , cookies , jam , biscuits ETC. ... EVEN THOUGH LOAVES ARE SMALL THE BREAD TASTE VERY GOOD ESPECIALLY TOASTED W / BUTTER WAY BETTER THAN THAT CRAP FROM THE STORE
 The item seems very good , since we 've only used it one time , a better review can be made at a later date.The only thing I wish it had was a metal beater blade , instead of plastic.Is there a metal blade available?Otherwise , it appears to be a decent machine .
 Have always been a bread maker , but using this machine is no fuss and no mess !
 I bought this as my first bread machine and I must say , if you screw this up , you have to own the fact that it is probably user error . I thought that I would have to own that fact , as I started the machine on the rapid basic cycle and wanted the regular basic cycle ; so I restarted the machine about 8 minutes in to it kneading the dough . To my relief , the machine still cooked a perfect loaf of bread ! The bottom line is
 Just replaced my old -LRB- 5 years -RRB- Breadman because the pan lining wore out after a few hundred loaves of bread . This one does the job really well , quietly . Bread even rises more . I only miss the `` additives '' feature . Now I ca n't set the machine to add nuts , etc when it 's on overnight .
 Before using this breadmachine to make bread , I had only made bread twice at home by hand , with one failure and one success -LRB- following no-knead bread video -RRB- . I had no experience with other bread machines . And I found this one quite satisfactory.I have made many types of bread -LRB- western or oriental style -RRB- with this machine , with almost always good outcomes . Sometimes I use this machine to knead dough and a conventional oven to bake bread . Sometimes I simply use the automatic program .
 This machine has performed very well . I make whole wheat bread and each loaf has come out wonderful . The easy to read front control panel is a real bonus as I can even read it without my glasses . The 2 pound option is also a great addition as my old machine would only go up to 1-1/2 pound loaf .
 I really researched breadmakers before I bought this one and found it to be a bargain compared to other breadmakers costing twice as much . It makes very good bread and also beeps when you need to add more ingredients to the process . I have n't used the feature for dough but that will come soon . The only gripe I have is that there is no indicator to take the dough blade out before baking . It 's really no big deal but if you do n't remove it , you have a hole at the bottom of the bread when it is finished baking . I give this product a thumbs up and would recommend it to anyone interested in buying a bread machine . You can get this one at around $ 79.00 plus free shipping right at Amazon .
 This breadmaker is a GREAT value for the money . This was the best purchase and I would recommend this breadmaker to all who love a perfect loaf of bread .
 Although I already had an older bread machine , the deal on this was too good to pass up , so I gave it a try . This machine has my other machine beat - no contest . I am a good cook , and very picky about how things turn out & the results from this machine ca n't be beat . The first loaf I made was a regular raisin bread , using the recipe that came with the machine . It was delicious , I 'm told - -LRB- I could n't eat it , because I follow a gluten free diet now . -RRB- So , I instantly used their gluten free recipe & the machine 's gluten free cycle and made a gluten free raisin bread - it was much better than any of the gluten free bread I had been making in my previous bread machine . I use this machine at least once a week to make multi-grain gluten free bread - it is so much better than any gluten free bread I can find in the store and it 's done in 1 hr and 17 minutes from the time I press the start button . I like to experiment and use different ingredients , so after the first few loaves stricly by the recipe , I 've learned how to judge the right consistency and add more flour or liquid till its just right . Fresh gluten free bread , almost instantly - that makes lots of happy people in my house !
 This was our first breadmaker and it was very easy to use . The instruction manual include some basic bread making instructions . Overall it seems like good quality.Pros
 I like this bread maker . Ordered it from Amazon on one of their awesome Black Friday deals . It arrived quickly and in NEW condition -LRB- no signs of use that other people have mentioned -RRB- . Have made 4 batches of bread so far and every loaf has turned out wonderfully . The only reason it 's getting 4 stars instead of 5 is that it 's a bit noisy during the kneading process and it 's pretty big ... takes up some Room ! But the bread is totally worth it . I recommend it .
 I decided I needed a new bread machine after making another failed raisin bread with the Oster expressbake 5838 I had bought 2 years ago . After reading reviews on the Oster I found that other people were having the same problems I was having , did n't mix well , bread would n't rise and if it did it would collapse and the bread always came out lopsided . I thought it was me . My first machine was a toastmaster which I loved . I had it for 15 years before it finally died . that 's when I bought the Oster How disappointing !!! After some research and on a recommendation from a friend I decided to go with the Breadman TR875 . I automatically saw the difference as it was going through the process and the outcome was the best bread I have made since my toastmaster died . I am also impressed that the blade does n't leave a big hole in the bread , it slides right out . I am finally enjoying making bread again . Hurray !!!
 This was the best Christmas present I have ever given myself ! Because I have heart related health issues , and because I have not been able to buy low fat , low sodium bread , I find it nescessary to make my own . This is my first bread machine . It is easy to use and if you follow the instructions included , it makes it virtually impossible to have a failure . My first loaf was a Whole-wheat Bread recipe -LRB- no salt -RRB- from the American Heart Association `` Low Salt '' cookbook . It turned out great ! Yes , it tastes a little flat without the salt , but then the bread our taste buds are used to finding acceptable , is an aquired taste . I have also baked a loaf of 3-grain bread from the `` The Bread Lover 's Bread Machine Cookbook '' that had a lower amount of salt in it . This book also has a recipe for bread using sea salt . I plan to get a lot of use from this machine .
 I also got this when it was the gold box special , and had read the reviews stating refurbed units were being shipped . Well mine is either new or a very good refurb.I have used bread machines in the past and I find this one to be excellent . I particularly like that the pan is thick enough too cook the bread evenly . Too thin of a pan and the bread will not cool evenly.As for the noise of the machine , it is perfectly in line with what I would expect . It is going to make some noise , as it should , because its kneading dough . If enough force is n't being exerted , which will make some noise , then the machine would not be doing its job . Keep in mind the manual process that the machine is replacing
 This is an awesome bread maker ! It 's easy to use right out of the box , It 's also very easy to clean . It makes wonderful bread and is a great addition to my kitchen . My only complaint would be that I think it sometimes over bakes the bread . I usually make sure I 'm around when it 's baking so I can watch it and take it out early if I think it 's getting over baked . It 's my first bread maker and I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 I have made four loaves so far and each one has turned out perfect . The instructions are easy to read and the machine is easy to use . It is n't too loud and does n't shake the entire counter while it mixes .
 This is the second Breadman we purchased . The first was a cheaper model and we could not remove the bread basket . After returning we bought this one.We LOVE it ! You do n't have to open it to `` shape '' the bread . The bread comes out perfect . It is not noisy and makes a perfect loaf everytime!We thought the `` Foot '' or `` mixer '' was the wrong size because it did not lock completely down , there was a gap on top and it did n't snap down at the bottom . It works fine , and the foot does not end up in the bread!I recommend it.Only thing I did not like was the book it came with . It was very thin and did not have the white bread recipe we liked , so we use the other book we had forgot to pack on return . Kind of glad because it has many recipes in it !
 This is my first try at a bread machine and I could not be happier , it works so well that it is amazing ... . I find myself standing over it to watch it work , it is facinating ! Excellent product and I would recommend to anyone .
 The first bread I made with my breadmachine was wheat bread and it was awesome . I added some sunflower seeds and flax seed to the dough and it was very good . I have made other kinds of bread with it and everyone turned out perfect . I am very pleased with it and I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs one .
 Making bread really is not a chore with this breadmaker . I am happy with the features , the look blends right in with our stainless appliances , and it makes an excellent loaf of french bread
 I absolutely love my Breadman 2 pound breadmaker . It is the BEST machine for making not only delicious bread , but also fantastic bread dough and pasta dough . There is so much salt in bought bread and especially bought dough , that it 's a pleasure to be able to make your own . I would highly recommend this wonderful machine !
 I was given this as a gift and did n't know if I would use it . . I LOVE this machine . . it is easy to use , the bread turns out great ... I cook gluten free bread on the regular setting and it turned out great . . wonderful little machine
 I bought this bread machine 11/2 years ago and use it four times a week with never any problem . I notice it 's starting to get a little noisy and when it croaks I will order another one just like it . It 's been great with lots of cycles and easy to use . Highly recommend !
 When I needed to start avoiding gluten this year , we struggled with making an acceptable GF bread . Found a blog with a raving review of this machine and promptly bought if from Amazon . The GF cycle works well with the Pamela 's bread mix . I only wish there was a way to get the paddle out without making the whole in the bottom center of the loaf . That 's the only reason this did n't get 5 stars .
 Recently bought the Breadman TR875 primarily to make gluten-free bread . The first loaf of the white gluten free bread we made from the recipe in the book provided had hard lumps of dough scattered about in the loaf . But all subsequent loaves have been excellent so the first problem may have been operator error . Much better than store bought gluten free bread . Just made the gluten free pumpernickel bread and it is great , even better than the white bread . I highly recommend this breadmaker .
 We have had our Breadman for over 2 years . It has not had any trouble . We generally make 1-2 loaves of whole wheat bread a week , along with one batch of white dough that we make for buns . I 've used the delay function -LRB- works very well -RRB- , the rapid function -LRB- also great for when I forget I need a loaf sooner than I started it -RRB- , and have tried various crust brownness . They all turn out wonderfully and are good for different purposes . The gluten-free recipes are good and easy . My 9-year-old daughter is capable of starting the loaf and dough recipes . I know some people complain about not having a loaf that is rectangular , but I simply cut the top off our bread , use it for smaller pieces of toast or toddler sandwiches , and have a perfectly sized loaf left for sandwiches . I figure I get at least 20 servings -LRB- one slice each , including the top pieces 2 = 1 slice -RRB- from each loaf , and it is all-natural . Get a good bread knife and you 'll never be sorry to not taste a store-loaf again . Soak the pan for a minute in water and it takes about a minute to clean . If you use more than a loaf of bread a week -LRB- including hamburger or hot dog buns -RRB- you will make up the price of this machine in less than a year and eat healthier doing it .
 My wife is Russian and has a differnet taste for bread than we Americans . She was having difficulty finding what she liked , so I decided to buy a bread machine for her so she could create it . I researched many machines out there and finally decided on the Breadman . After a couple of months using it and making at least 1 loaf every day , the machine has performed flawlessly . With the exception of some whole wheat breads , all loaves are exactly what they should be . Some recipes for whole wheat breads do n't rise and end up coming out as compacted bricks . Not sure why just yet , but there are so many recipes out there that work , it 's not an issue . She 's also made very delicious jams with the machine . Clean up is easy and operation is simple . As with other reviews on here , it was obvious the machine had been used prior to our purchase -LRB- labels already removed -RRB- , but it was in `` like new '' condition and works great , so no big deal . If you look at reviews on other machines , you 'll see the same positive and negative responses . But , the ratio of positive reviews on this machine are far greater than negative . And much higher than any other machine . There 's a reason for that . I 'd say look no further than the Breadman for you breadmaking needs .
 5 Stars for product , 0 stars for buying it online * Caveat Emptor belowThis Breadman TR875 is the second bread machine we have owned ; our previous , second-hand Breadman having lasted 8 years of almost daily use . We have used several other makes and models over the years , and decided to purchase this model not only for its 2lb capacity , price , and design - but for the Breadman name and the horizontal loaf pan.The controls are straightforward and intuitive , which makes it easy for anyone to use it , even if they do n't read the instruction booklet -LRB- which is , of course , definitely recommended . -RRB- The cycle times are on par with the high-end machines we 've used or reviewed , as are the results of the finished products.We have used this machine almost daily since we first brought it home in February , 2009 , and have not had any problems with the mechanics or parts.Early on , my 10-year old son had an issue with the dough ball not collecting the excess wheat flour in the corners of the pan during the first knead cycle , but that was easily solved by getting in there with an enameled chopstick and scootching it out :-RRB- He has since altered his flour/liquid ratio , as any great baker would , and now has a fantastic wheat bread he makes twice a week with no problems.The intermittent noise this machine makes is not a problem for us . It is about as loud as our `` quiet '' Fisher Paykel dishwasher during the noisiest wash setting , which is not loud at all , unless one is trying to have a quiet phone conversation less than 8 feet from the machine . It 's all relative , and it 's not as loud as a new , high-end Zojirushi my sister owns.We have used the TR875 in all of its capacities . What is very useful for us is the dough cycle
 My son and I are gluten intolerant and we do own a regular bread maker . The Breadman TR875 does a great job making edible gluten free bread . We use the Gluten-Free Pantry mix for sandwhich bread which is fast and easy . It takes few ingredients and takes barely over an hour for the finished product where our old bread makes took over three hours . I slice the loaf when cool and store in an air tight container and place in the fridge where the bread lasts for about a week . I would recommend this bread maker to people who have gluten allergies or not . It looks good on the counter and works fairly quietly .
 I have a dad that is gluten intolerent and I like to be able to treat him on occasion by making him a fresh loaf of gluten-free bread . I have had trouble in the past with other bread machines and gluten-free recipies but this one is a winner . My only issue is when it is done its a little hard to pull out the bread pan . Other than that it is fantastic !! I see a real differenece in the way my bread comes out of this machine as opposed to others .
 This is a great bread maker . I usually use it to make the dough and then I put it in my own bread pan and bake in my oven only because you do n't get the hole in the bottom from the mixing paddle and because I prefer the shape of the loaf . It does make a great baked loaf if you do n't want to do it the other way . I 've had other machines and I have had two break on me . This one is a great deal for the price . You ca n't go wrong with it .
 ok - I 've only owned it for 2 weeks -LRB- because it went on sale -RRB- and it 's my first bread machine of any brand , however , i 'm proving myself to be quite the baker these days and I owe it to the breadman pro!I 'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars because I do n't have much history with the machine yet.I 'd like to get lots of loaves under my belt , ok that 's weird , before commiting to a 5th Star!So far , I used the Recipe guide included to make a Basic White/French Bread -LRB- nice -RRB- , an Italian Herb Bread -LRB- wow -RRB- , and their Cinnamon Raisin Bread -LRB- ok - expected sweeter for some raisin -LRB- lol -RRB- reason - but was still warm and yummy when I buttered it -RRB- . In addition , I made some recipes that I found on the internet , Sticky Buns , Pizza Dough -LRB- and ultimately pizza , a Cinnabon type buns -LRB- huge hit -RRB- . The best part of this machine is there is no need for kneading -LRB- like my yolks ? it 's the yeast I can do-ugh -RRB- . One thing I do n't like , because I forgot to change the setting , is that it defaults to a 2 lb bread and I have a tendancy to make the 1.5 lb bread . If you forget to change it , it will use the 2lb settings -LRB- i 'm not 100 % sure how that affects the smaller loaf , but I would imagine , it would tend to over-knead and over-bake -RRB- . Either way , everything that emerges from this machine is great - be sure and be accurate with your measurement.Cleanup is simple and use pot holders when you take the handled pan out of the machine - wow - hot!Tonight , I will use the manual 's recipe for a pie crust and bake an apple pie.Ciao for now!MikeV
 I bought this bread maker over a year ago and it has n't rested for more than one week since then.I am an extremely lazy cook , with the crock pot and microwave being the cornerstones of most of my cooking endeavors . Shockingly - to me , anyway - this breadmaker has fit right in . I just dump in my ingredients and forget about it until the timer goes off.This unit has seen plenty of work while I 've had it and has been completely reliable throughout . I have yet to see an under or over cooked loaf of bread and I have n't encountered a single hitch . A great product and I am very glad I bought it .
 This is my third bread machine . I bought this particular bread machine during the Black Friday sale because I liked the look of the black and stainless steel . I really wanted one that would make quick breads , like banana nut bread or pumpkin bread . I looked at the manual for this model online and it had one little sentence that referred to the `` bake cycle '' being for cakes and bread . I just got my machine this afternoon and decided to experiment with it . I found a recipe online for bread machine banana bread . I added the ingredients to the pan and turned on the dough cycle . I let it mix for about 3 minutes . It mashed the bananas and mixed the ingredients perfectly . Then I stopped the dough cycle and turned on the bake cycle . In an hour I had a perfect loaf of hot banana bread ! I love it !!! The manufacturers are really missing a bet by not listing the ability to mix and bake quick breads as a feature.I also made a perfect loaf of white bread . The ability to choose the darkness of the crust is a real plus . My last bread machine did n't have this feature and nearly always got the bread way too dark . The Breadman made a perfect loaf . I like the shape of the bread pan . It makes an actual short loaf , not a big square thing like my previous bread machine.I was a little worried after some of the reviews here said that their machines were obviously refurbs , but mine arrived in absolutely perfect , new condition . I really recommend this machine !
 I 'm not originally from the US and struggle with the difference in the types of bread I can get here . Especially down in good ole Memphis . So , I decided to try a breadmaker . I 've had breadmakers in the past and not had much luck but this was in the gold box one day and I decided to give it a go . Especially as it had pretty good reviews . First effort was a washout as I missed the fact my yeast was very old . Second effort was really impressive . On the french bread cycle I got a crisp , light loaf that rose and cooked perfectly . Tried it many times since and it works well every time . Have to admit I was a little apprehensive at trying another machine but it paid off . Just have to try some of the other recipes now .
 This machine is fantastic !! We 've had it for about six months now with almost no problems whatsoever ! The only things I would change would be to have a one-lb option and the ability to make the loaves longer rather than so tall ... aside from this , the machine is fantastic ! We make one or two loaves a week and absolutely love it ! The included recipes are okay , but I 've found many more online that work wonderfully with this machine ! I do n't regret this purchase!I 've had this machine for almost 5 years now , and it still works as well as the day I bought it ! Remember your maintenance , keep the little bar under the bread pan lubricated and the inside clean and it will last for years ! I use a little bit of shortening , and have had no problems whatsoever !
 This is my first bread machine . All I have to say is that it 's great looking , nicely sized and works like a dream . Also easy to clean . This is the best bread we 've ever eaten & I do n't have to do anything to get it except measure out the ingredients and put them in the bread machine , then watch it go ! Or even easier , go to The Baker 's Hearth store here on Amazon.com and order their already pre-measured and packaged breadmaking mixes to use with your bread maker . They have a delicious variety of breads !
 I got this breadmaker for my Mom for Christmas and she loves it ! She 's had other breadmakers in the past and this one was super easy to use . I highly recommend it ...
 This is a wonderful product and has produced the best bread !! I work a lot with 100 % whole grains and this machine handles them really well . My only thought is that it is noisy , but it is worth it for the healthy , hearty bread that it turns out .
 Easy to use.nice product . But do not use it to bake the bread . It will not be as soft as you expected . The Paster and dough cycle works perfect .
 Ok its hard for me to gauge , since it is my first bread maker . But as a first time user , it works great . I do n't know what happened with other owners , but my breadmaker came brand new and was packed well . It was really not too noisy , but what can you expect it needs to knead the dough . Once you drop in your ingredients and set the menu , there is nothing else to do . The smell of fresh bread is incredible . Still tinkering with recipes , but definitely happy with purchase . Would rate 5 stars , but I havent tried other machines so to be fair its got to get 4 .
 This is my very first bread machine , and I 've been a busy bee using it . . I love the look , the ease of use , the multiple options . A perfect buy for our family !
 I just received a new -LRB- or * very * well refurbished -RRB- TR875 as a supplement to my old Breadman Plus -LRB- TR810 -RRB- since the old one was marginal for my 1.5 lb preferred bread size - though it still does very good on 2 lb and 2.5 lb sizes.I decided to make a 1.5 lb Basic White bread to test out the new machine as well as the booklet 's recipes . I like a darker crust so I set the Color control from it 's preset Medium to Dark . I noticed that the Total Cycle Time did n't change . I moved it through Light-Med-Dark and still the end time was always the same.I checked the manual - on page 8 in the chart where all the cycle times are given - and the `` Bake '' cycle is always the same , regardless of the `` Color '' setting . In fact , all of the cycle times are the same no matter what crust color you choose on any of the baked bread selections.My old Breadman controls crust color by changing the length of the Bake cycle , which seems the normal way to do it . Does the TR875 increase the bake temperature instead of increasing the bake time ? The bread I baked on Dark was not very dark . More of a light brown.In spite of this , I 'll keep the machine . I got it as a Gold Box Deal of the Day for a very low price - only a few dollars more than it 's replacement pan would cost . Maybe I can get the darker crust I 'm looking for by choosing the larger 2 lb loaf when I 'm making a 1.5 lb loaf . -LRB- Bake cycle changes from 48 min . to 53 min . on Basic White -RRB- , Even without trying to `` game '' the settings , the bread it makes is still very good - though a bit pale for my taste .
 I love this bread maker . Had one before this which was bigger , and bake the bread quite well , but I lost a part for it . This is a a tid bit smaller , but is is worth the money ! You will love it too !
 I first had problems with bread pan to get it out . -LRB- never push it down into place -RRB- but other than this the product is ok for the price.I bought it because I wanted to make bread like in Germany but unfortunately all the breads I tried so fare are all as fluffy as the ones in the supermarket . I have to try my own recipe . For me it does what it supposed to do and there are no strange noises or it is moving.Good product .
 I bought this breadmaker for my wife nearly a year ago - We love it ! We have made lots of bread , rolls , and pizza dough in this machine and it works extremely well . It is easy to use , easy to clean , and cooks the bread evenly . I love the darkness selection - as I like dark crust on my bread . I am very , very pleased with this product . It does everything we want it to do . We have not had a single issue . It has a durable construction , and it seems that it should last for a very long time . I would give this breadmaker 6 stars out of 5 if I could - it is an excellent value , and makes some excellent bread !
 We use this machine all the time . We cook a lot of gluten free breads . It has a gluten free setting , but does n't seem to work very well for our recipes . The only other issue is that the impeller is stuck on the bread pan and , no matter what , wo n't come off.All other functionality works just fine .
 Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless SteelI use this to make gluten-free bread from one of the excellent products such as Pamela 's GF bread mix . Two hints
 It does what it suppose to , and does it well . Bake many bread with it , almost all came out perfect . I did n't try anything else besides the recipes that came with it . You could probably do more , but I did n't want to spend too much time on it . The functions/buttons are simple . The instruction is pretty clear . You should make sure that knitted dough is even because many times some flour do stuck to the side corners .
 I received this bread machine in 2008 from my wedding registry . Since then -LRB- it is now 2011 -RRB- I have used it countless times and have been very happy with its performance . Once suggestions would be to read the directions carefully - as a first time bread maker I had a few mishaps using different types of yeast & other simple user errors -LRB- no mishaps related to the bread machine though -RRB- . My only -LRB- extremely minor -RRB- complaint would be in some modes it beeps for a while as a reminder to add additional ingredients -LRB- raisins , etc -RRB- which if you have little ones taking a nap can be an annoyance . I wish there was an intuitive way to turn that reminder off , but then again I 've actually never looked at the instructions so there may indeed be a way ...
 I enjoy making bread by hand . I like kneading it , proofing a poolish and all kinds of other time consuming processes . I 've always scoffed at bread machines yet was curious that serious bakers on baking websites often comment on results when a recipe is tried in a bread machine -LRB- usually one of the very expensive Zojirushis -RRB- . So when this popped up in a daily special on Amazon , I decided to give it a try . And -LRB- though I still make many of my breads by hand -RRB- this has become my go-to choice for the family 's sandwich and breakfast breads . I 'm a fan!If you deconstruct the engineering of a bread machine , it 's actually three separate devices . First is the kneading component . Second is a heating element that will warm the dough for proofing , then heat it to oven temperature for baking . Third is the timer and other electronic circuitry that regulates the other parts . That 's quite a lot of stuff to go wrong but at this point I 've cooked a couple of dozen loaves flawlessly . I love the experience of dumping my ingredients into the pan -LRB- which I now do somewhat casually since I 've got the basic proportions down -RRB- , turning it on and walking away , then enjoying the smell of baking bread and taking out a fresh loaf a few hours later.If you buy this book you MUST get `` Rustic European Breads from Your Bread Machine '' , a book that is out of print yet readily available from Amazon sellers . That book has a number of recipes for bread made entirely in the bread machine and others where you knead and proof them in the machine , but finish in the oven ... sounds clunky but it is actually a very efficient process because all the prep work is done for you . My greatest successes have been the brioche loaf and a number of dark breads.The kneading blade is little but powerful and will process a two pound loaf with a good amount of mix-ins such as seeds and fruit , with ease . I generally cut the finished loaf in half the long way , that 's top-to-bottom , which gives me two smaller loaves that are the right size for sandwich bread . When slicing you 'll find that only the pieces at the very end of the loaf are affected by the kneading blade ; it leaves a small circle pattern but the slices are still perfectly usable.Only reason I 'm not giving this five stars is the difficulty of getting the pan in and out . When the machine is cool , it 's virtually impossible to pry the pan out of the sturdy clips on either side . But when it 's warm and the metal expands , the clips pop right out ! That 's why you should always take out your pan out , complete with bread , as soon as baking is done , wash it if you like -LRB- does n't really need much cleaning since the no stick surface is very effective -RRB- then put it back into the machine . -LRB- This means I 'm mixing with the pan inside the machine which the manufacturer does n't encourage you to do , probably because of concern about spillage , but it 's the only way to go . -RRB-
 I really like this machine . I have made bread for years by hand but found I was making it less and less . I bought the book '' The bread machine cookbook '' at the same time that I bought this bread maker . It is a perfect compliment . I have made about ten different recipes from this book and they all have been perfect . The machine works very well and is very easy to program for the different types of breads . I now make organic bread when ever we need it . It just requires adding all of the ingredients and just turn it on .
 I 've been baking bread now for about two years for a variety of reasons , mostly nutritional and cost . Originally , while researching breadmakers , I had decided on this brand , but my husband had bought me the Oster Breadmaker instead . The Oster lasted 9 months and I promptly threw it in the garbage and purchased this model in September 2010 . I 've had it now for 6 months and have been very happy with this product . I like the convenience of this machine if I need to make bread during the week , and I can get it done within 4 hours . It also makes a great pizza dough in 2 hours.As with any dough for bread makers , You really need to watch the first cycle . I find that I need more water than the recipes tell me to use . If the dough is crumbly , you need to add water a little at a time until it cleans the sides and the bottom . I like using the 1.5 # loaf cycle and typically bake it on the light setting . Make sure you use fresh bread flour and yeast . Not having fresh ingredients will impact the quality of the bread . Some people complain about noise , but I also make bread with my stand mixer and I find the stand mixer to be much more noisy than this product.At first you have to play around with it , but I have to say , I have n't had a bad loaf yet in this machine . The Betty Crocker Bread Machine cookbook is a great companion for this bread maker .
 I bought this bread machine from Amazon because they had a nice sale on it about two weeks ago . It seemed like a good price for what looked like a decent machine , so I ordered it . I 'm so glad that I did ! I have made six loaves so far , all of which have come out perfectly . I tried two other , hand-me-down machines before this model , both of which burnt or did other crazy things to the loaves and so required tons of monitoring and adjustments . With this machine , though , it really IS as easy as throwing a few ingredients in the machine and pressing a button ! So far I have made french bread , whole wheat bread , brown rice flour bread , irish potato brown bread , and more . The recipes that came with the machine work well , but I also picked up a few bread machine cookbooks for more variety.In addition to making great bread , I love how quiet the machine is -LRB- like another reviewer , I kept checking to see whether it was working the first time -RRB- . I also like that it 's a little smaller than equivalent 2 lb . machines and so easily fits under kitchen cabinets , and I love the way it looks in my kitchen -LRB- it 's not a huge , hideous white box ! -RRB- . There 's a helpful fruit/nut add-in beep , the shape of the loaf is nicer than the other 2 machines I 've used , and the finished bread easily slides out of the pan.Overall , I am extremely happy with my purchase . 5 stars!Added 10/25/2007 : I am still so happy with this bread machine , so I had to come back and add to my review . Since I bought this more 6 months ago I have been using it often -LRB- at least 1 loaf a week -RRB- and I have never had a failure yet . In addition to loaves made with bread flour , I have made many loaves with 100 % whole wheat flour -LRB- the majority of my loaves are 100 % whole wheat -RRB- or other flours like spelt , rice , and oat , and all loves came out beautifully . This machine produces perfect , perfect bread ! I now bring fresh bread to every dinner party I attend , and people are always so grateful.In addition to homemade bread being delicious , I think it 's much healthier , too
 This is truly the best breadmaker I have had in years . This is the seventh breadmaker I have bought . I have had Rival , Salton , Williams Sonoma and not to mention a very expensive one . This one tops all of them together . To start off with , it has a small size but makes a huge 2lb loaf . It is so quiet , that I had to keep looking if it was working . I have made 3 Cinnamon Raisin breads and 4 White breads and 1 French bread in the last two days . They all came out perfect . Also the body -LRB- exterior -RRB- of this one does not get as hot as the other ones so it can be put against a backsplash . This was the best purchase and I would recommend this machine to all who love a perfect loaf of bread .
 I am still new to bread machines.I was given an old chefmate thats not even made anymore and loved it . I was confined to only making a basic white bread from it though being I had no manuel and couldnt find one on line to use the other settings.As I said , the chefmate was old and finally gave up the ghost.I shoped here on amazon com as I always do to look for a new breadmachine , and also see the reviews of other amazon com users to help . I had it narrowed down to 3 differant machines . THen I found this machine . Breadman TR8752I bought it directly from amazon which got to me in a lightening speed of 2 days . Perfectly boxed and protected.This thing is a beauty . I put it through the one time recommended rapid cycle empty to burn off all manufacturing oils and couldnt wait.When that was done I made the first loaf which was a basic white loaf to start with , from the recipe book included.All I can say is WOW . This bread came out so soft and fluffy . Tasted so good . The digital controls make it easy to read and see exactly what cycle your bread is going through.Very easy to clean after your done I should add . The window at the top really helps so you can see it knead or bake.As I said , I am new to breadmachines so I am only judging from my old chefmate , which was nice , dont get me wrong , but the kneading cycle in this Breadman was absolutly incredible . I kneads the dough extremely thoroughly . Mixing everything perfectly.I have just gone shopping and picked up ingrediants as so I can now go down the list making each recipe in this book . Tonight will have Italian herb.I ca n't wait to give the jam 's doughs and pasta settings a try , which there are recipes for these too in the booklet . I also ca n't wait to try out the timer . Put in my ingrediants the night before and have set to be finished by the time I wake up . It looks extremely easy to set . And the book walks you through everything so easily.I find the machine is nice and quiet , and actually very sturdy when in kneading and mixing mode . Also I would like to note , although it is in a beautiful stainless body , it dos n't get hot at all . It is very well insulated.But inside does so you definatly want oven mits when taking out a new loaf . This just shows me that is was very well designed and put together . Alot of thought was definatly put into this by the company.My only problem with this Breadman machine is that I can forsee making way to much bread . This thing is great!Enjoy # Added on July 17th 2007
 I 've been diagnosed with a gluten intolerance . Not actually Celiac Disease , but nonetheless , I 've been wheat , barley , oats and hops free for over 2 months now . I purchased this Breadman TR8752 because it had the gluten free setting and I saw other reviews that were positive.Here 's my take on it ... 1 . It makes great bread . Now that that 's out of the way , here 's the details . -LRB- I was looking high and low for review that used this TR8752 breadman and the Gluten free Gourmet books for any info , and could n't find any . So I 'm writing this hoping someone else will get some help . -RRB- I started out just by making the recipe in the manual for Gluten free bread . I then purchased the `` Gluten Free Gourmet '' books . One was over 200 recipes just for breads . The book was made before bread machines had gluten free settings , so the instructions are more complicated than they need to be for the TR8752 . Just put the ingredients in the machine in layers of a little wet , a little dry , a little wet , a little dry , and on the gluten free setting , you get amazing bread . I used regular rapid rise yeast from the local grocery store and it came out super.The Gluten Free Gourmet book also has recipes for flour mixtures that match cup for cup to wheat flour . This requires a trip to a health food store . You wo n't find Garbonzo Bean Flour at the local A&P. ; Nor will you find potato starch flour , sorghum flour , potato flour , brown & white rice flour , etc. . . So far , i 've only made 2 loaves of bread . So each loaf has cost me 120 bucks a pop . Between the breadman , the books , and the ingredients , thank heaven the bread is good!I highly recommend this bread machine for gluten intollerant folks like me . I also suggest that if anyone has been diagnosed with IBS , `` weak stomach '' , `` nervous stomach '' , Heart burn , acid reflux , has problems loosing or gaining weight , gets stomach cramps after eating a sandwich or pasta and has recently switched to the more `` healthy '' whole grain or whole wheat foods , to get tested for Gluten Intolerance . The United States is far behind in research on gluten compared to Europe . By Europe 's estimate , GI is in 1 in 300 people .
 Wife diagnosed with celiac disease ; no more bread containing wheat . We selected this Breadman due to its GLUTEN-FREE cycle and the very positive recommendation of a friend.We had immediate success with ready mixes -LRB- Bob 's Red Mill brand -RRB- . We 've had a few fizzles -LRB- bread not rising enough , bread ` sinking ' , being too damp in center , etc. -RRB- None of these disasters has been the fault of the Breadman ; they 're the product of our inexperience.We 're entering month # 3 and our success rate has risen dramatically . Pamela 's Amazing Wheat-Free Bread Mix has replaced Bob 's Red Mill as our favorite but making bread mix from scratch is even better.Overall time to completion is about an hour on the GF cycle . Cleanup is a breeze . Wish we 'd have bought one years ago , even before needing wheet-free breads.We read a lot of online chat about bread machines and agree that running this one without ingredients for the very first cycle is not good advice . It seems to be like running a microwave without anything in the cooking cavity ... a sure way to burn it out . We simply cleaned the bread paddle and pan and created our first loaf.We left the paddle in for loaf # 1 and removed it mid-cycle for the second loaf . Excellent bread either way but we prefer to remove the paddle during the cycle . The more loaves we create , the stronger we feel
 I bought this bread machine because of the need to feed a growing toddler and chose this model because of the look . After using it for more than 2 months , this machine has been a very good addition to our kitchen . Since this is our first bread machine , it took several trials to get used to making bread in a machine , and to make the perfect bread we liked . The recipes in the manual are not the best , so expect experimenting yourself , get a good recipe book , or download some recipes from internet -LRB- this is what we did -RRB- . Note that we did not follow the instruction in the manual to run an empty cycle to burn off the `` machine oil '' , because I saw for a different model of Breadman machine , one review complained about the machine breaking after this empty cycle . It turned out that this burning run is not needed at all . Just clean the container well.On the good side , this machine has a very nice mordern look . Has an easy programming panel . And most importantly , makes good bread.Some notes :1 . this bread machine makes 1.5 lb and 2 lb only . If you need a smaller loaf , such as 1 lb , you 'd better go with a different model . For two of us with a kid , 1.5 lb is perfect .2 . the machine is bigger than it looks in the picture . It is not among the large sized bread machines , but it looks really small in the picture .3 . the machine has a bit trouble mixing the last bit of flour from one of the corners . That will leave some dry flour in the corner of the final product , which does n't really affect the taste though . We solve this by using a plastic spoon to help a bit in the second kneading cycle . But if it is set for over night run , you have to live with this .4 . We never tried the ultra fast cycle , but regular cycles take more than 3 hours to finish . With preparation time , normally about 15 to 20 mins , that means you will wait ~ 4 hours before the bread will be ready . Of course , using the delayed start will solve this , but we like to put milk and egg in , and we are afraid they might go bad sitting overnight .
 I bought this breadmaker to make gluten free homemade bread . I noticed that there is not a 2lb setting option -LRB- only 1.5 lb -RRB- for the gluten free loaf -LRB- even though in the instruction book it says there is -RRB- . That is fine though - just use the super rapid cycle - it is exactly the same as the gluten free setting and allows for the 2lb loaf size . I have made one loaf so far - I was very pleased with the the results , my bread rose nicely and was moist and delicious , not crumbly -LRB- I used Gluten Free Pantry best sandwich bread -RRB- - I would recommend this breadmaker to anyone and especially for anyone looking to make a good gluten free loaf !
 Bought from Amazon and it was used ! I returned it and bought it from another website . I 'm happy with the item but was really surprized Amazon shipped a used item and sold it for the new price ! Luckily , the return was no hassle and I got my money back easily .
 I bought this bread machine recently and have used it a couple times now for gluten-free breads using Pamela 's Wheat-Free Amazing Bread Mix . I love the fact this machine has a gluten-free cycle on it ! Made a great loaf of bread!Bread Mix , Amazing , Wheat/Gluten Free , 19 oz .
 Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless SteelGreat product . It is so much more than a bread machine .
 Purchased this machine as a replacement for a cheaper one we received at Christmas . This one is much better ... we are very happy so far .
 One of the Best Bread Maker in the Market available now . I completely disagree with previous two ratings . Most of the time people buy the items which is on Order and expect to have it sooner . Before you buy the item please read the small letters to make sure whether the item is ready to be shipped or on Order . So you will not be Disappointed on shipping .
 this breadmaker is beautiful and makes bread so yummy that i ca n't keep up with the demand ! the only problem i have found is that when i make a 2 lb . loaf and use the bread flour , it actually makes the loaf so big that it smashes into the lid and the very top does n't get baked all the way through . if i use all purpose flour that does n't happen . i 'm going to try making a 11/2 lb . loaf today . the recipe book is wonderful . i tried the delayed timer the other night and had bread ready right after i dropped my daughter off at school the next morning . how fun !
 I decided to buy this breadmaker after reading positive reviews on Amazon.com . The product I got did not functions properly and I had to return it to Amazon.The reason I give this product a 5-start rating is that the one I got instead work well and also because Amazon weas amazing at replacing the product . They send me a replacement even before they received the defective product . I think this combination of great service and high quality product deserves a 5-star rating .
 Bought this as a replacement for another Breadman that was starting to wear a little . My wife makes bread most days and after three years and one replacement bread pan the other machine was starting to malfunction . Mostly the bread pan would pop out many times during the kneeding.This machine has worked flawlessly . Better tasting more even bread than the other machine . Wish it had a couple more built in cycles -LRB- such as pizza dough -RRB- though , although you can fake it manually . Nice looks , smaller footprint , quieter . Improvement all round .
 I finally bought a breadmaker and I am so glad I waited until I found this one ! I used the recipe for Gluten Free pumpernickel and it was an excellent loaf of bread . The texture was great and the taste was out of this world.I did make bread from a mix and it was a bit of a challenge as the gluten free cycle is preset at 1.5 lb loaf size and the mix was a 2lb loaf size and the bake time was listed as 60 minutes . The first loaf was good , but a bit dense . With the advice of others , I used the dough cycle and then then bake cycle instead of the gluten free cycle and the second loaf was PERFECT.It is nice to be able to have a choice again -- I did without bread for many years because most gluten free bread is , well , just plain nasty . And if it does taste good , it is too expensive and/or time consuming .
 I am a newly diagnosed celiac who never cooked before finding out I had the disease . The Breadman Pro has been amazing . I have made two loaves of bread on the gluten-free setting , and they both turned out great . One did not taste very good , but that was more because it was a mix I did n't like . The loaf itself baked just fine . I think if you are looking for a bread machine that will work for gluten-free mixes , this is a great option . Since I used it successfully , I am pretty sure that anyone can make it work ! Good luck !
 Newly diagnosed with celiac -LRB- gluten intolerance -RRB- , I was eager to order a bread maker to replace one that was ruined some time ago . I love this new one ! Once I got over the fact that it looked like something from outer space -LRB- so sleek and stylish -RRB- , I found it quite easy to operate . The manual is terrific and very easy to understand . I 've prepared several loaves of GF bread already and I love that I can extend the baking time if necessary . The fact that there is actually a SETTING for gluten-free bread sold me ! And it makes jam , too ... have n't tried that yet , but I 'm sure I will . It can be tough to make GF bread that is n't like a rock and WAY too dense ; this bread machine made such delicious GF bread that my husband even enjoyed it !
 First one finally died after multiple weekly sometimes daily use for nearly nine years . Actually , it still works but the inside was so crusty we gave up cleaning it . -LRB- Very messy chef ... -RRB- This new model is quieter , faster and they got rid of lots of unnecessary steps in programming , making the cycles faster and less cumbersome.You 'll love it!And they changed all their recipes to almost exactly match what we 've made over the years .
 This Breadmaker was purchased as a christmans gift for my daughter and son in law , who had been diagnosed with celiac diseaseover two years ago . This diagnosis means that he has an allergy to gluten whic is present in all wheat products.This breadmaker has a feature for baking with gluten free flours and has provided them -LSB- ASIN : B000FZZ0VE Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless Steel -RSB- -RSB- the opportunity to have `` bread again '' at a reasonable price with purchasing the special flours in bulk . They love it . I hope to borrow it back this summer and use the jam feature during the berry season .
 I bought this for my daughter because she has Celiac Desease.She usesit once a week to make herself a loaf of bead.I also am a Celiac andI am seriously considering buying one for myself as she is so pleasedwith hers.It makes great gluten free bread especially Bob Red MillGluten free bread mix .
 Love the breadmaker , easy to use . It would be better if it can be stopped or paused during the operation , so I give 4 star.Amazon 's customer service is excellent , I got a breadmaker with some small flaws and when I contact them , they send me a new one right away , and the new one is perfect !
 Easy to use and works as advertised -LRB- mixes , kneads , rises and cooks -RRB- . Solid performer . The cookbook that comes with it is only OK - buy a bread machine cookbook to go with it . We have been very happy with the unit - you can control timing to cook and things like browning of the crust . We have had other bread makers that were not as dependable in delivering a consistently good product . Easy to clean up .
 I had a more expensive brand of breadmaker a few years back and found it to be too heavy -LRB- no room on counter so I carry it up from storage shelves downstairs -RRB- and the instructions were not clear . I left it at the transfer station for someone to take home and gave away all of my bread machine cookbooks . Then this machine was recommended on one of my food boards ... I bought it and just love it . I make a different loaf every other day and my family is enjoying it also . I had to replace all of the cookbooks that I gave away , and even bought a few extras . This machine is light weight , easy to use , I do not transfer the dough to the oven but cook it right in the machine -- I ca n't think of a single negative thing to say about it .
 I do n't know much about breadmakers or making bread in general , but I have used mine to make 4 different types of bread so far and they have all turned out wonderfully . I am very happy with my purchase .
 The TR875 is a modestly priced breadmaker that works well . I 've baked a dozen loaves of bread and used the dough cycle -LRB- works great for pizza -RRB- since I 've received this unit a few weeks ago . Every loaf has come out well using the recipes from my favorite bread recipe book -- Electric Bread -- from Innovative Cooking Enterprises . The raisin bread is a favorite and makes great toast and French Toast . The price -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at Amazon.com with free shipping -RRB- compares very favorably to all of the other units I previewed prior to my purchase .
 Great machine , simple to use - my kids love to bake with it ! - included recipes are good basics , but see Williams Sonoma for great recipes to try .
 Having never owned a breadmaker , I spent several months investigating the attributes a good breadmaker should possess , including the extensive customer comments here at Amazon . I ultimately decided on this model and could not be more pleased . For anyone interested in a quality breadmaker , I do not think you can go wrong with this one . The owner 's manual provides a number of `` ca n't fail '' recipes . I highly recommend this product .
 Fast shipping , Looks great , works well and is fun to use . Have not had a bad loaf yet .
 I bought this because I saw 2 reviews that said it was so quiet they had to check to see if it was running , but I did not have that experience . It is n't loud , but I can hear it from the next room.The bread is pretty good on the regular cycles , but I have n't had good success with the rapid cycle.The buttons are easy to read and understand , and the bread is made into a standard loaf , rather than a tall one . I like the machine pretty well , but I do wish the rapid cycle worked better . Also , I find the french bread cycle gives a nicer crust than the basic .
 Since I bought this , it has been used non-stop . I have 3 boys and they eat a LOT of bread . I bought this bread maker as a way to save a little $ $ and because as we all know , homemade bread is so much yummier than store bought ! So far it is a hit.I also like the stainless steel look and the size is very convenient . It does n't take up too much counter space even though it makes a HUGE 2 lb loaf .
 Best breadmaker I have ever used ... . every loaf is perfect . Baked a French Bread loaf yesterday evening , that 's all we ate for dinner it was so good.I have found that the 1.5 lb setting produces a large loaf that almost touches the top lid ... . no need to make a 2lb loaf.I give this machine 10 stars .
 This machine makes great Gluten-Free bread in less than 90 minutes ! It was very quiet , and the kids loved watching the dough rise through the clear window on top . For good instructions on how to make Gluten free bread with this machine , do not refer to the manual . Instead check out
 I use my bread machine to make dough . When ready I remove it and bake it myself in the traditional way . When mixing sometimes there will be stuff left in the corners . If I check inside during the mixing phase and scrape the corners this problem can be eliminated - it 's just a pain and I do n't always remember to do it . It makes great dough , it 's easy to use , and is easy to clean . I make all of my own baked goods from scratch . I use my Breadman two or three times per week and could only be happier if it washed itself and put itself away ...
 Have used this twice so far , once for dough and once for bread . Worked like a champ on both accounts . Dough tasted great when converted to pizza and the bread was yummy as well . Highly recommend this product . I expect a long and happy relationship with this machine .
 I received this breadmaker as an anniversary gift , and Wow !!! It makes great bread . My kids love the homemade bread , it 's better for them and less expensive . It 's quiet , it 's easy to use , it 's easy to clean . This is my first breadmaker so I do n't have anything to compare it with , but I 'm very happy with this one and ca n't think of anything I would change about it .
 I bought this for Christmas for my husband and it is perfect !! He uses it about twice a weeks and it turns out great bread every time !! I have no hesitation recommending this breadmaker to anyone !
 This is my first bread machine . I 've made several different style loaves , and so far I really love the machine . It 's easy to use , quiet and easy to clean .
 I absolutly love my Breadman bread machine . It makes a perfect size loaf for our family of five . I make a fresh loaf every other day . After trying many new recipes I 've found three favorites . I 'm going to try pizza crust next . The pan is very easy to clean as is the outside of the bread machine . Love it , love it , love it !!!
 Since it 's bought , we use it to bake at least two breads a week . It can also be used to prepare pasta dough . I was thinking to buy a mixer for preparing past douph but now I do n't need to . An average mixer costs $ 200 .
 So much fun , this is my first breadmaker . It 's easy !!!! I love the recipes . So easy to clean !! Thank ypou , Erika , Long Island , NY
 I ordered this a few days before Christmas from Amazon.com and it arrived on time as stated . My wife loves it . She just needs to learn the little tricks to making the bread turn out perfect . She has tried it about four times so far . I will get back to you if we have any problems .
 Works find , you might have to mix more general purpose flour to help the receipies all wheat settings to make better bread , but machine does well and is easy clean-up and use .
 I have always made bread by hand and loved it . Different shapes and different loaves , but the arthritis in my hands makes it a little difficult . I made my first raisin cinnamon loaf and it was wonderful to watch how it was being made . The loaf came out better than I had expected -LRB- seeing I thought you can only make a good loaf by hand -RRB- , The instructions were more than simple to follow . The only problem was the loaf didnt last more than the day . Warm bread , good bread , good aroma , Life is Good . Thank you for such a good product . Sharon from LoveLand , Colorado
 This is an AWESOME breadmaker . Lots of variety of bread recipes and you can even make some loves in as little as an hour and 20 min ... cant beat that ! My only complaint is that it is noisy ! -- you definitely dont forget you are making bread
 Update Dec 2012
 This is my second bread machine and , so far , seems to be the best . The controls are easy to understand and function exactly as stated . To date I have made regular and specialty bread plus dough for dinner rolls . After using nearly fifty pounds flour I have not had a single failure . Knowing how to make bread by hand could have something to do with my success rate as I do tweak the recipes to my liking . Waking up to the smell of fresh baked bread every day has become the `` norm '' at my house !
 I had a similar Breadman breadmaker for many years . I used it a lot , and was extremely satisfied with it . I actually overused it over the many years and realized last spring , I had to consider replacing it -LRB- a few small pieces inside had fallen off , but the machine continued to bake good bread -RRB- . I was sad and spent a lot of time online reading reviews to help me decide which breadmaker I should purchase . The reviews on the TR875 seemed good overall , but there were a few `` not so satisfied '' customers , so I was worried that this new Breadman would not match up to my old one . Well , so far , I am very happily satisfied . Since I have been using breadmakers for many years , I always modify recipes . With my new TR875 , my bread recipes always come out WONDERFULLY !!!!! I am so happy , I was able to replace a terrific Breadman for another Breadman . The TR875 takes less time to bake a loaf , even though I use the `` medium setting '' on the TR875 and used the `` light setting '' on my old machine . This machine is less heavy than my old one , so I was concerned it may jump around on my counter , but it does not . I have always preferred the `` french bread '' cycle because we like the resulting crispy crust . Thank you Breadman for continuing to provide me with a wonderful bread making machine . If this new machine lasts even half as long as my old one , I will be very satisfied .
 I tried the gluten free cycle and found it worked really well . Finally , I can make my special bread the easy way . It baked it just right and clean up was easy . If you have a special dietary problem , this is the machine for you .
 I have been searching for a bread machine designed for gluten free baking . I decided to give this machine a try and have been very pleased with the Breadman TR875 . I have used it 3 times and have had complete success each time . It takes a little over an hour to get fresh , gluten-free bread . This is a huge time saver for me.I 'm anxious to try some of the other features .
 It does what it 's supposed to , and that 's good enough for me . The only caveat is that I have only made 11/2 lb bread recipes and they fill up the container . I think a 2 lb . recipe would runneth over . Other than that , I 'm very happy with it .
 The Breadman TR875 breadmaker I just purchased was delivered quickly and was brand new as stated . It was not a refurbished machine as some people have said they 've received . The directions are easy to follow and the recipes in the accompanying booklet are really good . I 've made probably 7 loaves of various types of bread since I 've received the breadmaker -LRB- several weeks ago -RRB- and they 've all been really good . The machine is lightweight , does not get really hot on the outside when baking , and is extremely easy to clean . I would highly recommend buying the Breadman TR875 breakmaker if you 're looking for a good breadmaking machine .
 I love this bread machine . I bought it a year ago and have used it on a regular basis -LRB- about once a week -RRB- . It makes great gluten free bread , and the cycle is only 1 hour , 17 minutes long ! So a year later I find myself ordering this machine again because the kneading paddle became damaged -LRB- scoured , taking the teflon off - a big no-no ! -RRB- . I ca n't find the kneading paddle or loaf pan replacements , I have to order another new machine . I guess that 's okay - if one machine craps out I 'll have the other in reserve . Again - no problems with this machine in a year of use . My MIL has one too and she has had no problems . Occasionally the screen will read `` error '' but if you unplug it , wait a minute , then plug it back in it 's fine.I also tried out the Cusinart Convection bread machine and did n't like it at all . The Breadman does much better , the loaf rises higher , the texture is better and the cycle is shorter . I 'm off to purchase this machine again now !
 I am very pleased with the Breadman Breadmaker . My days of hand mixing , kneading and oven loaf baking are behind me . I have been making on average a loaf of bread each week and all have turned out just great . The beauty is putting the ingredients into the machine in the morning , and by noon I have a lovely loaf of bread . I have been able to make a variety of whole grain loaves with this machine - whole wheat , cornmeal , oat - you name it - the sky is the limit ! We have also been able to enjoy a greater variety in terms of add-ins like raisins , cranberries , nuts , sunflower seeds , poppy seed . The Breadman bakes everything just beautifully . Like others on Amazon , I would also recommend Beth Hensperger 's Bread Machine Cookbook . Great recipes , easy to follow instructions and tips that are helpful to people who are new to bread machine baking . You 'll be baking bread like a pro from the first try .
 I got one when on sale -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- . I only use it to make dough . It works great for mixing and kneading but the rising procedure makes the top of the dough a little bit dry . I do n't have other breadmaker to compare with . For the price I paid it is a great deal . If it cost $ 80 or more , then I would not buy it .
 After reading reviews on Amazon , I decided to go ahead and get the Breadman TR875 . I thought the reviews did n't really spell out doom and gloom for the TR875 like some units reviewed . The main reason I chose it was multiple programs and 2 lbs loaf capability.It arrived as expected but right off I noticed something peculiar about the shipping box . I expected to find a retail package inside of the outer generic cardboard box but rather I found the breadmaker itself inside the outer box packed in a formed foam packaging . Ok , so no problem with that it appeared.After removing the unit and placing on the counter , I was shocked to see the unit appeared to have been reconditioned and was not new as described and sold . The reason I suspected it was a reconditioned unit was due to the following hints . The clear vinyl cover on the LCD display was not present . The manual instructs you to remove it so hint # 1 . The LCD display also had what appeared to be a couple of hard water spots on it . I wiped them to see what they were and one wiped away , the other one would not . It is still there . Hint # 2 . User manual appeared to have a couple of dogearred pages . Maybe so , maybe not , not a bit issue . Hint # 3 - maybe.So I debated returning the unit as unsatisfactory but reasoned I had purchased the 1 year extended warranty from Amazon so even if it was a reconditioned unit , if it worked and died I was covered . I had all my paper work and after peeling the the label off the delivery carton -LRB- can be used as a return label when flipped over -RRB- I found another label on the box stating this unit was destined for a Mervyns delivery so it appeared that it may have been either a return or a reconditioned . Hint # 4 . Anyway , after reading the manual and learning what it was supposed to do and not do , I set forth to create the first loaf in the new -LRB- or hopefully new -RRB- breadmaker . Using a known good wheat bread recipe I had been using I added ingredients and pressed the START button . Three hours and fourty five minutes later , a perfect loaf of wheat bread . So although the unit appeared to be a reconditioned unit , it works great and has lots of features that I 'll probably get around to using someday . So far after about 3 weeks of using it -LRB- we make about 3 loaves a week -RRB- it has worked flawlessly on wheat , white , french and sourdough except the loaf when I put in too much yeast and had the loaf from hell growing in the pan - way too big.The reason I dinged the TR875 one point is the noise it makes when mixing and kneading . I can hear it in the kitchen doing its thing when I am watching TV in the living room about 35 ' away over the TV audio . But the unit is sturdy and sits well so it does n't try to walk around like some I have seen . The LCD display is well placed although the mode indications and the labeling on the edge next to the LCD should line up a bit better -LRB- off an few millimeters with labeling too low -RRB- . I like the window in the lid top as my old unit did not have this . Also the pan lifts right out easily and when the bread comes out of the pan , most of the time the paddle stays in the pan . My old maker always had the paddle stay in the bread which was a mess to remove once the loaf cooled down.Would I recommend the TR875 ? I 'd have to say YES , due to the features vs price . But be aware of any possible bait and switch tactics with regards to new vs. reconditioned/used units . I try to always get an extra year or two service contract providing it is worth the cost.Gene - Ridgecrest , CA
 My wife bought this for me when the price was -LSB- ... -RSB- on amazon and now she loves to bake me fresh loaves of bread and I absolutely love the fresh bread !!! Highly recommend this breadmaker if you love fresh loaf of bread ... like I do !!!
 Easy to use ... the bread machine does all the work . Bread stays moistdays later .
 I just received this bread maker as a gift and it 's wonderful . The bread is soft and fresh and the machine is easy to use . I highly recommend this machine .
 I love this bread maker . I am allergic to wheat and I am thrilled that it has a gluten free cycle . So easy to use . I ca n't wait to try making other recipes with it .
 I ordered this with some reservation after reading a couple of reviews here , and ca n't think what they did wrong ! If you follow the directions , this breadmaker works wonderfully ! I have made most of the recipes in the book that is included , as well as lots from the internet , and all have turned out beyond my expectations . I use this breadmaker 1-2 times a week , and am always very pleased with the results - friends and office workers are now asking for their own loaf of bread every week !
 My hubby bought this bread machine for me , along withThe Bread Lover 's Bread Machine Cookbook , as a housewarming present after we moved into our new home a little over a year ago . It makes bread making so easy and accessible , even for a novice baker like myself . It 's so easy , in fact , that I feel a little guilty calling it homemade !
 This is the first time I 've tried a breadmaker . This model is easy to use and produces great breads . The instructions are easy to follow , getting the bread started is quick and clean-up in very simple . I ca n't think of anything else I would want in a breadmaker . Highly recommend this product .
 This is a great bread machine . It is everything the manufacturer said.I have made several different types of bread , including the dough cycle , and all worked well .
 This is the first i have owned . It 's easy to use and makes great gluten free bread .
 I received the breadmaker 3 days ago and already made a perfect loaf , on the first try . I highly recommend reading the instruction manual from cover to cover , a quick read but worth it . The instruction manual provides some great -LRB- and important -RRB- tips on how to make a perfect loaf each and every time . Most importantly , the instruction manual explains the main ingredients used in bread making and why they are used . I frequently substitute by using what I have in the house , assuming that all flour is the same , I would have messed up the bread on the first time and gotten frustrated.Pros : - Easy to use
 After reading multiple reviews I chose this machine . I love it . I have never made bread before and this is an easy way to get started . My only complaint is that the manual comes with very limited set of recipes . I bought another book ` the bread lover 's bible which has 300 recipes and now i make one every weekend . the machine looks attractive on my counter , small enough next to the microwave . i think its key to keep it up on the counter so you feel like using it often .
 I have purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas , so I do n't know how well it works . I will say , however , that I had a problem before I ordered this product and Amazon responded immediately and in a most professional and consumer friendly manner . In the meantime , I checked out the price on line and in my local stores and found that Amazon had the best price on this item . I ordered it as soon as I heard from Amazon , it arrived in a most timely manner and in wonderful condition . I am very excited to have my daughter try it . I then ordered the rest of my Christmas list on Amazon and had the same fine results .
 This is the best bread machine out there for a reasonable amount of money - makes excellent bread in very little time . I used to be a cook in a restaurant where we mixed everything by hand , this machine does all that for you , you dont have to be a cook to make bread with this great machine - it does it all for you !! Great buy !!
 I have had this breadmaker for about a year . Still making bread at least once a week . I have a family of boys and they love their bread . My son is now in charge of the bread making . There have been weeks where we have made a loaf every day . Sometimes on weekends we have made two loaves in one day . Started one at night before bed using the delay so it would be warm and fresh in the morning . Then made another one later in the day for supper . We have used it for homemade hamburger/hot dog buns and they are super easy.I have had no problems with this unit and would recommend it to friends .
 I have had this a little over a month and love it . I have used the recipes in the book and they all come out great.I have also made cinnamon roll dough . I use it at least three times a week . No complaints here .
 I purchased this Breadman machine last spring on sale and its worth every penny !!!!! Our family has loved each loaf and the fresh bread smell wafting thru the house . I have been able to time the loaves to be ready at breakfast if they have appropriate ingrediants ... Its really so simple t6 use and a delight . . I did try some of the mixes but much prefer the scrtch breads ... I bought the Bread Machine cookbook to go along with this and its been heavenly . I had no trouble at all with the machine ... The paddle does have to be soked off of the pan but only for a few minuts and cleanup is a breeze ... It really looks sharp on my counter as well ... Did not use it much over the summer but now that cool weather is here I use it a few times a week .
 The first loaf did not do as well as expected . It was my favorite recipe . I like to make my bread overnight so I did not warm up the ingredients like you would if making it right away . In my old breadman it would still produce a good loaf , but my new breadman did not raise very well . I tried a recipe from the book that came with the machine and it worked just fine . So , now I make sure all ingredients are room temperature .
 I 've only used this machine twice and both times the breads turned out delicious . It 's not that heavy either , so it 's easy for me to store in a cupboard and then bring it out only when I need to use it . My previous machine needed to be replaced and so I had some ideas of what I wanted . I was looking for something that was easy to use , had a variety of programs , a beep to add in ingredients at the appropriate time , and somewhat compact . This one fit the bill ! I highly recommend it !
 I have had this breadmaker for 4 months now , using it about twice a week . It is quiet , produces consistent results , and great texture and crust . I have used several of the cycles , tried time delay , recipes from the instruction manual and recipes from a variety of sites , and all have turned out well . It is cool enough to bake bread in the summer without overheating the kitchen . In short , it is great !
 I bought it for my wife , but my 13 years doughter is one who using it most.It is simple
 I purchased this product after reading the great reviews and I have not been disappointed . A great and reliable breadmaker .
 I purchased this product as a gift for my wife . So far , we 've been using the Breadman for 6 months and bake 4 loaves of bread each month . It has been an incredible machine thus far . All of our loaves have been evenly mixed and baked . It 's somewhat loud but not so bad that it 's a terrible nuisance . I also recommend the bookThe Bread Lover 's Bread Machine Cookbook . Awesome recipes for all sorts of breads . There is nothing like the aroma of a freshly baked loaf .
 The breadmaker is excellent . Have absolutely no problemswith it . It makes a great loaf of whole wheat bread .
 I love how simple it is to make a loaf of bread . I usually only bake whole-wheat bread , and the recipe that comes with the machine is very yummy . The machine itself seems to be very high-quality , and consistently makes terrific bread.What bugs me about the pan is how obnoxious it is to clean around the paddle and the part that the paddle slides onto . I have to use my fingernail and a pipe cleaner to get into the various parts in this area that can not be nonstick . But , it really is n't a big deal , because overall I love the machine .
 This bread machine is a bit louder than my older model , but it is also capable of processing a larger loaf of bread . The machine has many cooking features and I have been very impressed with the ones I have tried so far . It makes the BEST pizza crust dough !
 I love this bread maker and it 's so easy to use . I bought it in June and have been making bread every other day , and sometimes every day since it arrived at our home.I have made virtually all of the bread recipes in the book and they all turned out perfectly . I have not yet used the machine to make pasta or jam , but I will do that at some point in the not so distant future .
 Bought this Breadman a couple months ago . Used it twice now and it worked nice . Bought it mostly for the gluten free bread . Made cinnamon bread andwhite bread . Takes only about an hour once you put in the ingredients on gluten cycle .
 I ordered this breadman after the motor in my old one finally gave up after many years . I love the design of this one . My old one had a vertical pan , and this one is horizontal . The pan is also made of a material which is a lot lighter than the old one . The window is a great size and I can see into it very clearly , unlike my old one . Love the stainless steel - it even looks pretty . I 've made many doughs already
 This has been impressive as my first bread machine . Things always come out well , even when I was using it at high altitude . I just change recipes on a whim and results still come out amazing despite warnings that one might see about careless measuring or alterations . It is easy to clean , use , etc. .
 After having twins , my husband and I did n't have the time or energy to make bread from scratch as we had been doing . We finally caved and bought the Breadman TR-875 based on consumer reviews . So far , it has been great -- easy to use and makes a 2 pound loaf in 3 hours or less . The bread is n't as good as the bread that we baked on a stone in our oven , but it 's so much better than the stuff they sell in the supermarkets near us . I am also experimenting with the `` Rustic European Breads '' book recommended by another reviewer . The book has lots of recipes for creating the dough in the breadmaker , after which you bake it in your oven .
 It seems that some folks have a problem with their Breadman machines -LRB- Breadmen ? -RRB- in that first 30 days . I have had * NO * such problem with mine . It arrived , I unpacked it , read the Getting Started bits , wiped everything down with a damp paper towel and ran it through a cycle to burn off any remaining manufacturing oils . That first cycle was very strong-smelling , and still noticable as a scent when I baked my first loaf -LRB- a boxed mix of Krusteez white bread - worked like a charm -RRB- , but had no apparent effect on the bread . It was still noticable on the second loaf baked -LRB- egg bread , as noted in the Biggest Book of Bread Machine Recipes -RRB- , but again , there was smell while baking but NO taste of it in the bread itself.In the past month , I have baked about a dozen loaves of bread , mostly egg bread , but a couple of boxed-mix breads -LRB- Hawaiian sweet bread -RRB- , and I have not been disappointed with ANYTHING out of my breadmaker.Be certain that you use yours on a firm , inflexible surface . When that knead cycle gets going , it 's like an unholy union of hula dancing , belly dancing and breadmaking ! It shimmies . It rocks . It wobbles . But boy-howdy , does that dough get kneaded ! I ran it , the first time , on top of my dryer . There was severe wobbling and walking on the breadmaker 's part . Now , I run it on the kitchen table , at the place setting we do n't use , with a non-skid pad underneath the cutting board it sits upon . It does its little knead-dance , but does n't stray from where it 's been put.The beeps are good and loud , and quite startling if you 're not expecting them , and more than once has the knead cycle startled my mother-in-law , who was unaware that a loaf was In Process.I recommend picking up a nipple-brush for baby bottles in order to clean out the inside of the paddle -LRB- where the paddle sits on the post in the tray -RRB- . And if the paddle does n't want to come out , cover it with hot soapy water for about 5 minutes , to saturate -LRB- and disintegrate -RRB- whatever baked-on goodies are holding it secure.I have n't tried making any gluten-free breads , yet . I 'll get around to that , eventually . -LRB- Edit
 I received my Breadman Breadmaker a week ago . I made a loaf of basic white bread the next day after I had bought the ingredients . I put the ingredients into the pan , plugged in the appliance , pushed a few buttons , and in a little over three hours , I had the nicest loaf of bread . I was charmed by the breadmaker . It is so neat to watch the little ball of dough being kneaded by the appliance . I ca n't wait to try making wheat rolls this weekend .
 I hate clutter in my kitchen and was a little hesitant to buy something this large . However , it fits nicely under my kitchen cabinet . After having this for about 3 weeks , I have made a fresh loaf every other day . Every loaf has been delicious and attractive . It bakes a tall loaf that slices into nice , sandwich-size pieces . My picky toddlers have loved every loaf ... even the whole wheat . The only trouble I had was baking a herb bread on the super-rapid cycle . This came out a little small . But it still tasted great . I honestly did not think I would like this machine as much as I do . With the price of bread at the supermarket/costco rising so much ... I really wanted to find a healthful and flavorful alternative . This really fits the bill .
 I bought this on the recommendations listed on the website . I have made several loaves of bread and they have all been wonderful . It makes a large loaf that is easy to remove from the pan . None of my loaves have failed.I highly recommend this bread maker .
 No complaints ! It also comes with a nifty little mini breadmaker recipe book with fabulous recipes . This makes the best bread of any breadmaker I have ever used so far .
 I 've made 1-2 loaves of bread everyday for the past 2 months , plus a couple batches of jam and this machine has n't failed me ! * Edit * 2 years later , I 'm still using my machine . No issues at all , I love this machine !
 We bought this product after reading a review for it in a Gluten free living magazine we picked up in a health food store . It really lives up to the review I read . It makes perfect loaves of gluten free bread from pre-mixed bread mixes . We use Gluten Free Pantry 's Best Sandwich Bread Mix . It makes bread so good you do n't even miss normal bread.We 'd been using the bread mix for a while before buying the bread machine , but mixing by hand and timing the rise was always a hassle . Since we go through a loaf every other day , I felt like I was living to make bread . WIth the Breadman 's Gluten-free cycle , it is just a matter of setting the eggs out to warm , melting the butter , pouring in the mix and hittin the on button . An hour and twenty minutes later , a loaf just slips out of the teflon coated pan.The bread made with Gluten Free Pantry 's mix and the Breadman is better than any gluten free bread I have found for sale in the stores or any bakery.If you are looking for Gluten-free cooking , make sure you buy this particular model . Breadman makes several different models and this is the only one with the gluten free cycle . I 've only been able to find this machine on line . Stores around Washington , DC only carry the other models .
 I 'VE MADE 5 LOAFS , SO FAR , IN THE LESS THAN 3 WEEKS I 'VE HAD THE MACHINE . IT 'S BEEN LOVE FROM LOAF ONE . THE PRE-SET COLOR IS FOR MEDIUM , WHICH ENDS UP BEING A VERY DARK BROWN RATHER HARD -LCB- BUT TASTY -RCB- CRUST . THE LAST 2 LOAFS I SET FOR LIGHT AND IT TURNED OUT PERFECT ! THE BEST MACHINE BREAD I 'VE HAD , AND THIS IS MY THIRD MACHINE , BUT MY FIRST RECTANGLE LOAF TYPE -LCB- USING MY OLD 2 LB . RECIPE ON ALL 5 LOAFS -RCB- . READ THE MANUAL FIRST . EASY SNAP IN BASKET AND SETTING BUTTONS . GIVES A VERY `` TALL '' SLICE , YOU ONLY NEED ONE FOR A SANDWICH , CUT IN HALF . A GOOD BUY .
 I bought this bread machine from Amazon and I was not sure if it was what I was looking for . I am glad I did , this machine works perfectly and it is easy to use.I would recommend this bread maker to all who enjoy good bread .
 This model is great . I had bought a more expensive Breadman model and was not happy with it , although its recipe book was much better than the one that comes with this . I returned that model and ordered this one from Amazon . I make at least 4 loaves every week , and this breadmaker has been wonderful .
 I got this for a gift after researching many bread machines . The first one I received had a faulty heating element . I called the help line and they were terrific . Without a receipt , they did n't hassel me and sent a new one out asap . The new one had no problem . To me , customer service is very important and this company was A + . Since then , we have been making tons of bread and dough . You can easily modify recipes and add your own special touch to your loaves . It is also perfect for making dough , which can be shaped into whatever you choose . The pizza dough is perfect for a meal the kids can help with and makes great stromboli and calozones as well -LRB- though I recommend adding Italian seasonings to the mix for a great flavor -RRB- . I would suggest getting a recipe book . I have THE BREAD LOVERS BREAD MACHINE COOKBOOK and would suggest it , as it has tons of awesome recipes .
 this machine is replacing a well used kitchen item that wore out . because we enjoy home made bread , i looked at reviews and choose this model . i am very happy with the bread . as the bread is getting baked the aroma is wonderful . this model matches all my stainless and black in the kitchen . yes , i 'd buy it again .
 I got this machine a few days ago , it came nicely packed and protected . It is my first bread machine so I can only compare to kneading and baking by hand . This is so much better ! You pour the ingredients in and you can sit back - or keep checking what 's going on , which , of course , you do - at least at the beginning . When the machine is not kneading , it is completely quiet . When it 's kneading , however , it does make a very audible noise - nothing that would bother me during the day . It would probably wake me up at night , however , as my bedroom is right next to my kitchen . I do n't know the noise levels of other machines , so this one may in fact be quieter than others!I baked the first loaf out of a bread mix and it turned out really good . It was a little denser than I would like , but the crust was wonderful and it tasted great.I 'm European so I 'm not crazy about the recipes in the booklet that comes with the machine , as they tend to contain significant amounts of sweeteners - I do n't like my bread sweet . But have just tried another recipe for cheese and jalape & ntilde ; o bread and it came out PERFECT . I think the only downside of this machine may show around my waist - the bread is so good I ca n't stop eating it !
 Just letting you know that although the Amazon product specs say there is a pause function in this model , there is NOT . My old Breadman Ultimate did have the pause function and I used it all the time , so I specifically wanted a model that did . Amazon was very good at shipping me out another bread machine and returning the first one at their expense , but it was , of course , the same TR875 that did n't have the function . I called Salton , who makes Breadman , and they never did have this particular model with a pause function.I decided to keep it , because I really liked my Breadman Ultimate - it made about 1,000 batches of dough for me ! I did need to buy a new pan after about 500 batches , and I almost always bake my bread in my oven so I can shape it the way I like . it I 've only made two batches in this model so far -- one whole wheat that I did bake in the machine , and one batch of dough -- and I have been happy . I wish it had a one pound feature like my Ultimate did . The bread is not very horizontal and the machine is an awkward shape for my counter -LRB- have to turn it sideways at the front edge of the counter to raise the lid -RRB- but it 's a great price for a good breadmaker!Whole wheat lovers -- adding a a couple of tablespoons of potato flour per batch improves moistness and keeping quality .
 This is a great kitchen tool . I use it for Bred and dough making . This machine has replaced other appliances and gears in my kitchen.-It takes no time to clean -LRB- you ca n't use the dishwasher -RRB- - Looks great-Makes all kinds of delicious breads -LRB- depends on your recipe -RRB- - I love the timer featureVery very happy with this purchase
 I just moved from France to live in the US , and I was really missing fresh bread every morning . This machine is awesome , just folow the instructions , set the timer and you will be woken up by the smell of fresh bread .
 Several thoughts , the first being that this model -LRB- TR8752 -RRB- appears to be the exact same thing as the slightly more expensive TR875 . I ordered this one , but received the TR875 . The fine print for both products reveals that they both , indeed , have the same model number . Also , I chose free shipping and received the product in five days -LRB- GA -RRB- . Amazon is good about that . Packaging was suspect both by the manufacturer -LRB- bread pan not secured for shipping -RRB- and Amazon -LRB- they packed the box in upside down despite the clear `` this side up '' label -RRB- . HOWEVER ... the machine turned out a perfect loaf of bread which , as my hubby says , is all that matters.I was loathe to part with my first Breadman when it died and to adjust to a new one ... this one is noiser , hotter to the touch , and makes a differently shaped loaf -LRB- pan dimesions are 7 x 5.5 x 5 -RRB- ... but , again , it turned out a great loaf of bread . Just have to figure out the best place to start cutting.The recipe I use is one a friend gave me and is actually a tweaking of the Golden Corral rolls , the recipe for which is available online . I use freshly ground wheat , however , so you 'll need a mill to make my recipe -LRB- hubby has high triglycerides -RRB- . Here it is in the order in which the ingredients are placed in the breadpan :1 1/4 cup water1/4 cup olive oil1/3 cup raw honey1 egg -LRB- optional -RRB- 1 tsp . saltscant 2.75 cups hard wheat berries , ground to flour -LRB- I use a Wondermill -RRB- 2 Tbl . soybeans ground with the wheat -LRB- optional -RRB- 2 Tbl . freshly ground flax seed -LRB- optional ... must use a coffee grinder for this -RRB- 2 tsp . yeast -LRB- jar of regular Fleischmans works fine -RRB- I used option 3 -LRB- whole wheat -RRB- on the menu , 2lb . loaf , light crust . Pushed start and did n't do a thing to help it along . On our first machine we would set the timer to have a fresh loaf first thing in the morning , so I 'm sure that will work fine on this machine too . If you have a mill , this recipe is awesome . We either use hard white or hard red wheat -LRB- hard red gives a nuttier flavor -RRB- or a combination of the two . We all love this recipe , including my four kids ... especially hot out of the machine . By the way , I get my wheat from the Bread Beckers.I will ammend my review if I run into any problems .
 I was a bit wary reading the negative reviews , but I made sure the vendor was amazon.com , not some other vendor and trusted amazon not to give me a refurbished machine . I got my brand new machine quickly and have used it about 6 times since then and am highly satisfied with the product . I have Silestone countertops , so I do n't have to heed the warning to have something under the machine to insulate the countertop from the heat . The machine is quiet and does a great job of turning out beautiful loaves of bread . The only suggestion I have to those new to the machine
 I spent quite awhile reading the reviews on Amazon before selecting this bread machine . Straight out of the box , after a cleaning cycle , this machine has been a workhorse . White , wheat , rye , french , nut , fruit breads ... all perfectly made and delicious . Dough for pizza Fridays is better than the pizzaria . I have not had a bad bread yet . I 'm at 6000 feet above sea level and have n't had to adjust any recipes yet either . Waking up to hot , fresh bread is such a treat and Sundays we use the french bread for french toast , straight out the bread maker .
 We have been using Breadman machines for over ten years , and I do n't know how many models our family of six has gone through . It 's got to be at least five and this one makes the best bread of any of them.All of the former machines would make loaves where the crust texture was the way you wanted it at the top but hard and dark at the bottom no matter what setting you had it on . This model makes loaves that are consistently perfect top and bottom.This paddle stays in the machine and leaves only a slight indentation in the bottom layer of bread rather than the crater of former machines . I will not miss digging for the paddle once it was finally cool enough to touch.Lastly , the comments that others have left about this machine being quiet are no exaggeration - it IS almost hard to believe it 's working . Do n't lift the lid to check but in about three hours , your perfect bread will be the proof .
 I have never owned a bread machine and I am just getting into baking bread in general . I thought it would be great to make homemade bread instead of buying it from the store , though , so my husband bought me this . I received it for Christmas and made bread that day because I was so excited ! It did take me a couple of loaves to get it right -LRB- I think it was because I was using cold water instead of warm , so the yeast was n't reacting like it should -RRB- , but I finally got the hang of it ! I love that the screen is on the front instead of on the top , and it is super easy to figure out . Even though it has only been a couple of weeks , I 've made about 5 or six loaves of bread and LOVE IT !
 I got this breadmaker for the family for Christmas , when it was on sale for $ 49.99 . My wife is allergic to wheat , dairy , and soy , and my son is on the Feingold Diet , so that eliminates 99.5 % of the commercially available bread . We found a gluten-free bread mix here on Amazon.com to go with itNamaste Foods , Gluten Free Bread Mix , 16-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- , and it 's turned out to be a great hit for the whole family . Since Christmas , we 've been using the breadmaker every other day to bake a loaf of bread , and it 's worked flawlessly . We only use two programs -LRB- gluten-free and jam making -RRB- , and could n't be happier . Using the Namaste gluten-free bread mix , the loaf bakes in just over 70 minutes , and the whole family is treated to a wonderful , freshly-baked bread . It 's an especial treat for my wife and my son , whose experience with commercially available bread has been downright disappointing . It 's easy to clean up , turns out consistent results , and makes wonderful bread . Highly recommended .
 I 've made three loaves so far , two were edible mistakes , latest one is delicious gluten free bread ! Breadman comes with his own recipe book so give that a read before you grocery shop.The ingredients for a two pound loaf of gluten free bread add up to about $ 12 if you use all organic . My estimate for regular all organic bread is roughly $ 3 for 2 # loaf -LRB- using Gold Medal organic flour in the green labelled package -RRB- , which is 32 ounces or roughly four times the size of store bought bread , the slices are much wider and loaf is roughly same length as commercial loaf and higher , but will fit in a regular toaster if you slice thin.The plain gluten free bread does require a lot of ingredients which have to be measured out in small amounts , but after the second time , i used the two measuring devices provided , lined everything up on the counter and went with my measuring cup from one to the other , pouring into the baking vessel and then returning each item one at a time to the cupboard . Result is spongy fluffy bread with a flaky dark crust -LRB- if you set `` color '' to dark -RRB- and with three eggs it looks a bit like cornbread , but with soft texture like egg challa . A bit of flour seems to stick on the outside no matter what , but the whole product is amazingly professional for a home machine and something you do not have to get your hands -LRB- or kitchen -RRB- dirty to make , so you can make a few loaves a week for your family without any hassle at all , all components go in a standard dishwasher and come out perfectly clean except for the spot right in the middle where the mixing paddle goes that has to be removed and washed by hand.Warm the water and eggs for gluten free bread . If making regular bread , warm the water first . Make sure you follow instructions for putting the wet ingredients in FIRST , and the dry active yeast LAST . Also measure the yeast , do not just toss one packet -LRB- it 's 4.5 tsp or about 1.5 packets for each two pound loaf you 'll need -RRB- . I also made jam with the jam setting , following instructions -LRB- cut down volume so it will not overflow -RRB- which came out like a fruit conserve , syrupy fruity preserve stuff that sealed up into Mason jars and tasted fresh when i unsealed the jars .
 Tha bread machine solved many problems for me since I live alone . It makes a small loaf that is great for scenting the apt & tasting wonderful . the directions are simple , the machine is fast , and my friends want one too .
 I was a bit skeptical about the product given the divergent reviews posted here and elsewhere ; however , it 's really nice so far . Have used it 3-4 times each week since Christmas with excellent results . Easy to use , easy cleanup and really good bread.Two month update :40 loaves of bread later and still completely satisfied . Between my wonderful wife -LRB- baker extraordinaire ! -RRB- and this machine , my doctor is NOT very happy ! : - -RRB-
 Did n't think I would ever want a bread machine but the arthritis in my wrists and fingers does n't let me knead bread like I used to . This machine is terrific for that . The smell of the bread baking fills the house and my husband loves what comes next . We 've tried several different recipes and like the potato bread best -LRB- I put in at least 25 % whole wheat flour -RRB- One suggestion from me would be to pour half the oil in first over the shaft then add the mixing paddle and pour the remainder of the oil over that before adding anything else . That paddle can get stuck on the shaft tightly and is the most difficult part to clean . Another thing I 've learned is that although your yeast packet has only a tiny bit more than called for in the recipe , do n't use it all . Nothing disasterous , but the bread will rise all the way to the window . The loaves are a lovely shape and each one has come out perfectly . I 'm more pleased with this machine than I ever thought I would be .
 I am over-all satisfied with this machine . It is very convenient for bread making , easy to use . The complain is about the manual . The only useful information there is add milk first . If I fully followed the manual to make bread , I would return it since I thought it is a waste of materials . Be aware of the recipe .
 This is the first time I 've ever made bread and I have n't stopped since we got our bread machine . It is so easy to use I could n't believe it and the bread is so delicious . I 've been telling people at work about it and ladies have made comments `` I do n't know if I can make bread from scratch , it seems to hard '' and I tell them `` I 've never made homemade bread before either but this machine is so easy to use no one would ever know '' so to everyone out there that 's afraid to try it , trust me you wo n't regret the purchase and in the long run you will save money not having to spend average $ 4.00 at the store for a loaf of bread .
 I bought this for myself for the holidays . It arrived 2 days ago and after reading all the reviews I was a bit apprehensive about the quality and possible results.Odor
 I received this breadmaker less than 24 hours ago -- very quick delivery.I did n't expect it for another month!This morning I tried it ; did n't start with the basic white ; went straight for the whole wheat . Since I had absolutely no experience with a breadmaker , I was a little bit leery . The bread turned out great , nice texture and so easy to do . I 'm very glad that I read the favorable reviews and ultimately purchased this machine . I 'm very eager to do another loaf . Also , Amazon had a great price .
 What an awesome piece of machinery this is ! It is so easy , and the bread is out of this world . highly recommend this one . It 's so good , I am buying another one as a gift for my mother in law .
 Tried this for the first time today , and fresh-baked bread at last ! I am looking forward to trying other breads in this machine . I started with the `` basic '' white bread just to test , and the results were pretty good . Since I love fresh-baked bread , but my house is way too drafty to do it the old way , this was a good solution . I had to knock off one star since I think the machine 's `` browning '' factor could be a bit better . I set it to bake at `` medium '' browness , but the end product was a light golden ... I 'd call that light . Anyway , next time , I 'll set it to `` dark '' and see if the result is better .
 Imagine the smell of cinnamon raisin bread baking on a cold , rainy Sunday afternoon ... well , I did just that this past weekend and could n't wait for it to get done ! This was the first use of my new bread machine I received for Christmas and I was certainly NOT disappointed . It was easy to follow the recipe included with the machine and we always select the `` light '' setting . The bread was delicious and a beautiful golden brown . I am very pleased with my Christmas gift !!!
 I really like this bread machine . It does well with a variety of recipes , and even gluten-free bread emerges in tasty shape ! It 's big and takes up some space , but it is so versatile and self-productive , you can just add ingredients and let it do the work while you are at work .
 I purchased two of these . One for myself and the other as a present . You ca n't beat them for blending/kneading/mixing the ingredients for homemade bread . When I first purchased it , I used it only to make bread . But then I discovered that I prefer the look of oven made bread better , so I only used it to prepare the dough . You can make all kinds of bread and bread/fruit dough . My favorite recipe is Cinnamon buns dough . I used this unit relentlessly for three years before the motor gave out . The only thing I did n't like was the shape of the bread . It comes out very round .
 This is my first bread maker . I can only eat gluten free breads . I bake 1-4 loaves a month -LRB- for about a year now -RRB- . Every loaf turns out perfectly . I love this product and would purchase it again .
 This machine is nice for the convenience of not having to be around once it is started to manipulate the dough but bread machines just do n't make bread as good as hand-made . I still use this if I am busy but try to make it by hand whenever possible . The KitchenAid stand mixer dough hook is great for this .
 I have been using this machine for over two years now . I make 2-4 loaves per week and it has been a great investment . I need to replace the bread pan now , but I will definitely buy a Breadman again when the time comes to replace the whole machine .
 Thought I 'd left feedback before but happy to give it again ... Very fast delivery . Professional packing . Excellent condition because contents were well protected . Brand new machine arrived in pristine condition . Thank you for your prompt and courteous service . Will always think of you first when ready to buy again . Merci beaucoups from Kentucky !
 This is our first ever bread machine and bought it to mix the dough for hot cross buns . It was reasonably priced and it does a great job but the machine buttons like like cardboard has been placed behind the plastic coverings making it look cheap and nasty . The other thing is that it does not beep to add the fruit/nuts during a dough cycle . There is a large window on the top -LRB- but no light -RRB- so one can check if you need to knock down the flour on the sides of the pan .
 If you like this bread machine please e-mail and tell me how often you use it and how long you have been using it . I want to purchase , but I 'm worried about leaky pans etc.Thanks .
 This Bread Machine makes superfantastic gluten-free bread ! I have used the recipe in the book that came with it , and also used mixes ... and they have all turned out great !
 I bought this for my wife last fall . Unfortunately , one of the buttons on the front did n't work . When I went to return/replace , it was out of stock . We waited , and eventually , they did get more . Despite our 1st experience , we ordered another , and it seems to be fine . Build quality is kind of cheap , but not out of line with the price . My wife grew up baking bread , and is very pleased with the results she gets from this machine . I would certainly recommend .
 We purchased this particular model because it had good reviews and was very reasonably priced . We love it ! Every recipe we 've tried has turned out great , including the gluten free recipes . It makes big two pound loaves . The only negative is the machine itself is large and takes up quite a bit of counter space . But it 's worth it .
 I 've been making bread every day for two weeks . Every loaf comes out better than hand made . Good texture . The shape is not really a loaf , but it is fine , sort of cubic . You cut the big slices in half for sandwiches.I would buy again .
 This is my very first bread machine , and I am amazed at how easy it is to use and to clean ! As long as you take the time to read the instruction manual , it 's hassle-free . And the bread -- delicious ! No more store-bought bread for me!As far as the machine itself goes , it fits under my cabinets and is not too loud . It comes with a liquid measuring cup and a dry measure for teaspoon and tablespoon . The whole wheat cycle takes almost 4 hours , but all you have to do is put the ingredients in -LRB- 10 min -RRB- and then do something else while it 's working . Also , if you do n't want a hole in the bottom of your loaf , be sure to remove the kneading paddle after the kneading cycle . There 's also a Rapid cycle that takes an hour , but I have n't tried it yet .
 Excellent bread machine ! I measured the energy needed to make one 1.5 lb loaf . It was 0.26 kwh , start to finish -LRB- almost 4 hrs -RRB- . In my area that equates to just over a penny . So not only is the bread free of corn syrup and preservatives ... IT 'S CHEAP ! Most healthy food is n't . Definitely add gluten to your recipes unless you 're allergic . Makes all the difference . Enjoy !
 I had been looking at this since my grandson was diagnosed with Celiac disease and ca n't eat ANY gluten -LRB- wheat , rye , barley and most oats -RRB- . I tried 20 times to make bread in my old machine but the settings would n't make a good loaf of anything without gluten ! Then I saw this machine with the Gluten-Free cycle and it worked beautifully ! My first loaf was high and light and just the way my wheat bread used to be ! Gluten-Free folks your wishes have been answered ! It 's easy to use and easy to clean too !
 I absolutely love this bread machine ! I 've made three diff types of bread since getting my machine - 1 -RRB- challah , 2 -RRB- cinnamon cranberry , and 3 -RRB- whole wheat . All three loaves turned out perfectly and were better than those I 've paid loads for at Panera and Bear Rock . Prior to the Breadman , I had a cheap Sunbeam and it was sooooooo picky about measurements , temp , etc. . Mind you , having had this exp , I am careful about scooping dry ingredients into the measure cups and bought a digital thermometer to test my water - but the Breadman seems to be MUCH less picky than the Sunbeam . My only caution is that the bread takes a good while to bake/make . Beware if you are like me and decide to make a loaf of bread a couple of hours before bed - you might end up staying up past your bedtime ! :-RRB- Overall , the best bread maker I 've ever used - an excellent investment .
 January 4 , 2009
 I agree with Sue , I was ready to buy the Breadman TR875 2-Pound Breadmaker , Stainless Steel on 11/26/08 but waited till black friday only to find it $ 20.00 higher . I would have still brought at $ 79.00 today but I will not buy it at the new price from Amazon . I have owned a Breadman TR875 for a year and half and used it every week to make bread . It was great machine until the pan needing paddle froze up , I check on a replacement part and it was over $ 40.00 and not in stock . I tried a another brand from Wal-Mart but return it after two bad loaves of breads . I believed I found the Breadman TR875 else wheres on the internet for $ 79.00 , I will try that site again . I am sorry to say that Amazon stock has went down in my eyes . I am 69 year male and this type of marketing does not impress me .
 What a quality product . The recipe book that comes with it is basic -LRB- just buy a bread machine book -RRB- but the machine itself is top notch . I have had it for a while now and have not been disappointed . Just throw the ingredients -LRB- fresh -RRB- in the pan and the machine does the rest ... and does it well . How much easier can that be ? Piping hot bread . I have experimented and made a few mistakes , but learned quickly a little more liquid does the trick . At least , for me . I did some research before deciding on Breadman and I could n't be more satisfied . I really do n't get into the stars rating because the experience outweighs `` seal '' . And a quick tip
 Let me preface this review by saying that I am spoiled
 Love this ! This bread maker came so fast ! It was there the day after we ordered it ! Because of our gluten intolerance , we were so happy to find a bread maker that we knew was specially made for that ! After reading other reviews , we tried using the super rapid setting instead of the gluten free since it would allow for a 2 pound loaf , works great ! We use Pamela 's bread mix , it can not be beat ! Also , as far as the lost paddle issue there is a paddle for sale on amazon that fits this bread maker . If you read the reviews , you will see that several people said that they used it for the breadman TR875 -LRB- the model number of this bread machine -RRB- The picture attached to it looks like it as well . I ordered two , and they fit perfectly!You can get the paddle by typing `` sunbeam oster breadmaker paddle '' . The first one that shows up as of today -LRB- 4/5/10 -RRB- is the right one . It should have the model number 108962-000-000 . Hope this helps ! ** UPDATE ** 11/3/10Just a quick update . The bread maker still works fabulously . And searching `` sunbeam oster breadmaker paddle '' on amazon and clicking on the first result still works as of today . In fact , the price has been lowered ! You will know it is the right one because -LRB- as I said earlier -RRB- someone mentions this model in the reviews .
 This is a pretty good bread machine , fairly easy to clean , easy to slot in the loaf tin . Front display is intuitive and clear . The machine is not that quiet when kneading the dough , but that part of the cycle does n't last long and is well worth putting up with in order to get a great fresh GF loaf . ALL THE BREAD RECIPES I TRIED CAME OUT SOFT , SLICEABLE AND DELICIOUS WITHOUT THE NEED FOR TOASTING !!!!!!! Totally unlike all those store bought GF breads ! I 've been GF an without decent bread for two years and now I know I need n't have been deprived of good soft bread . Even my non-celiac family members think it 's good : -RRB- The recipes for GF breads in the instruction booklet all have soy flour -LRB- to which I also have an intolerance -RRB- but I 've found that you can use several different recipes.I tried my own blend of Gluten free flour mix , Karina 's bread recipes and also some from the back of the packet on Bob 's Red Mills and Pamela 's Bread/baking mix . ALL got very good results even though some recipes call for the regular white bread 3 hour setting instead of the GF setting . I also discovered that you do n't need the 2 tablespoons of sugar all the American recipes use , unless you like sweet bread . One TEASPOON is sufficient to feed the yeast for all the recipes I tried lending a more european style bread . Definately worth experimenting to suit your taste . Fantastic !
 After reading all the reviews about it being flimsy and falling apart , I took a chance and purchased the product . This product is the BOMB !! You DEFINITELY need to put together on a hard surface with a hammer and I placed it against a wall on carpet . It 's nice to see my shoes neatly displayed . It holds 30 shoes as stated . Today , I purchased 2 of the 50-Pair Shoe Rack by Lynk -LRB- nice to get rid of the shoe trees -RRB- and ca n't wait to receive . I actually found the initial shoe rack in Burlington for $ 24.95 ; thus I would stick with the Brand Lynk . Very sturdy unit !
 I found this product very easy to assemble and I am really not good at putting stuff together . :-RRB- The key I found was to make sure I did it on a hard surface then the hammering went very easy . The design is great and I ca n't believe how much space it saves in my closet ! I have n't seen anything else like it out there . Overall , great product !!!
 If you do n't want to spend the money to get your closet customized with a shoe rack , this one works just fine . It is a tiny bit wobbly with my husbands big shoes on the top racks , but I never feel that it is going to come apart or fall over . Very functional .
 Highwave makes good mugs . There are a variety of decent shapes and styles , depending on your preference . And the company has a sense of humor with its marketing . Regarding the Autotray : Pro
 I was looking for a mug that did 3 things :1 -RRB- Fit in the auto cupholders of my cars2 -RRB- Could be washed in a dishwasher3 -RRB- Could be micro-waved . These are good at all 3 , but after one dishwashing , the rubber `` coaster '' that is glued to the base of the cup came off in the dishwasher . Maybe it 's a nit , but dishwasher safe is a little inaccurate . . That said , I just ordered 2 more !
 I ordered a 12 ounce , Highwave Original Autotray Stoneware Mug at Amazon.com , because I love mine and wanted my husband to have his own . -LRB- He kept borrowing mine ! -RRB- At first , WinningGifts sent the wrong mug but made good on their mistake . They were very helpful and friendly , let me keep the other stoneware mug and also sent , for no extra charge , a navy blue -LRB- my choice -RRB- autotray mug within a few days . As it turned out , my husband loved the navy blue mug better than the white . Coffee tastes a lot better in the stoneware mug than in stainless steel or plastic . The mug also has a nice weight and simple , classy design . Coffee does not stay as warm as it would in a Thermos-type container , but for our purposes , that 's fine . The only drawback to the design is that the stoneware mug is breakable . -LRB- My husband dropped his first Highwave Autotray mug . -RRB- So , if you get one , you 'll want to be more careful with what will become your favorite travel mug .
 It 's just one of those perfectly-designed things ... My only negative comment would be that they seem to have stopped manufacturing it in the tan/yellow color that is incredibly attractive -LRB- much better than it sounds -RRB- . Start making it in that color again ! 93030
 The feather is thick and has a good weight with plenty of feathers and really warm .
 it was a simple installation and the wiring was easy . well built unit . perfect unit for mid useage systems . works great .
 Good overall product by Leifheit - great design and color options which is typical for products from Europe . The only drawback is the fact that it does not pour very well - kind of splashy . Otherwise it 's fun to use it and easy to clean .
 Love these carafes . I have two , orange and blue . Lovely to look at and it keeps our tea hot longer than any other carafe that I 've owned.Just be sure to follow the directions for properly sealing the top . You wont be disappointed . No problems pouring it either . Just dont drop it on a tile floor-I couldnt find a replacement insert when I did that and broke the insert .
 The color is great . People warned about the splashing but I have n't had an incident yet .
 This carafe gets plenty of attention and compliments from guests and , since I keep it on my counter all morning , I 'm very pleased that it looks great . It keeps my coffee hot , as intended , but the only caveat is that , because it 's rounded , you have to be careful to drain it well by almost holding it upside down when pouring and when cleaning .
 Arrived in good order , works like a vacuum flask . The lid closes with a half turn and the projecting pour lever makes open / close easy on arthritic hands . Its predecessor -LRB- same product , different color -RRB- cracked the internal vacuum bottle after about five years . Maybe mishandling , maybe defect in materials and workmanship . Do n't know . Five years is plenty good . Which is why we replaced the old one with one just like it .
 I bought this for my mom for christmas . It is as cute as it can be , the kind of carafe that just makes you smile when you look at it.She likes to keep coffee in it all day and her only complaint was that by afternoon the coffe was no longer hot.But she still loves it !
 I read many reviews before I decided to purchase this air purifier . I read the favorable reviews and when compared with other machines of the same caliber this was not as expensive . This is an expensive item but when you suffer from asthma you really need something that truly gets to the nitty gritty.I do question the craftsmanship . When we received this and unpacked it we noticed that we heard something rolling around in it . My husband then proceeded to unscrew the top to see what it was . He found that one of the wires was not screwed on and that the screw was what was rolling around in the fan area . He screwed on the wire in place . We also noticed that it looked like one of the fan blades was broken . We were not sure if it was supposed to be like that or not . Since this is a heavy machine we figured we would try it out since it would be a pain to return . It turns on and appears to work.We use it in our two bedroom apartment . Our living space is an open area so during the day we put it on high for an hour then switch it to low afterwards . At night we roll it into the bedroom and put it on low since this is a small room and this is a powerful purifier . When I am in my computer room I also bring it with me . I noticed a big difference in air quality when this thing is on . I am a chronic asthmatic and even when I am on medication I would feel the tickle in my throat when the air was not clean . Now I no longer get the feeling when I have this on.I took one star away for the fact that it came to us not properly assembled .
 My wife and I purchased the Austin Air Healthmate in October after suffering with extreme allergies -LRB- worse than usual -RRB- for several months . The Austin air purifier arrived quickly and was not damaged . Within one hour after turning it on in our bedroom -LRB- which is about 200 square feet -RRB- the air seemed much cleaner and very fresh . We have four dogs and despite constantly brushing them and washing their bedding they create a slight dog odor in the room - it was also gone within an hour . We run the air purifier constantly in the bedroom and my allergies seemed to improve but my wife is still as miserable as she was before . After having it for one month , the air quality does n't seem to be as great as it was in the beginning , however , we 've now passed our 30 day money back guarantee and are stuck with it . The filters are not dirty but it 's definitely not doing the job it did in the first month . If I still had the chance to return it for a full refund -LRB- minus the shipping costs , of course -RRB- I would do so because at a price of almost $ 500 , I expected more than one month of clean and fresh air .
 I moved back into my home after spending a number of years in Colorado after leaving all my furniture , etc. to fend for itself . After 3 months of being home , I developed chronic cough , phlegm , etc. and even vacuuming and dusting was n't cutting it . So I ordered two of these , one for the front of the house and one for my master suite , plus a Austin Air Healthmate Jr. for the guest room . I could n't be happier with the products . They are the best at what they do for the money which is about half of what you 'd pay for an IQ-Air unit . Of course I did have the carpets shampooed also . But , I would definately spend the money on these again . Highly recommend for quiet operation , sturdy construction , price , and followup costs for filter changes .
 After doing a lot of research on quality and effectiveness , I chose the Austin air . I purchased one for my upstairs and liked it so much , I recently purchased a second one . I was lucky enough to get the R200-01-01 cheaper on A-Z for 324.00 , no tax , 19.00 shipping . It was a steal compared to Amazon 's prices and other vendors on the internet . I even got the larger one , not the Jr. size . It was brand new , not refurbished . I also found that some website vendors challenged consumers for a cheaper price any where else and they would honor the price . Check it out . It runs 450.00 everywhere else .
 Hi ... I ordered this cleaner but after consideration , felt it was too big for us . The company , Noel , was cordial , friendly , cooperative when I needed to return it . I feel the smaller one room version would be better for us as I 'd also like to move it all around the house , including the upstairs . I did a lot of research and felt this was the best on the market . You buy the Austin , you 've bought the best .
 If you are looking for an air cleaning that gets rid of odor , this is it . For the first time I used it , the bad odor in my house just disappeared and was replaced by some sort of carbon smell , not in a bad way , and you knew the carbon was just working . Later , the carbon smell is gone . I am satisfied with it so much .
 My wife has several airborne allergies , and she was getting upper respitory infections . Since we got the Austin Healthmate my wife has not been sick since . I will be buying another one soon so that I can have another one in another part of the house .
 I bought this unit about a month ago for my 750 square foot work studio . I absolutely love it and will be getting the smaller one for my home . The air that comes out feels so clean that it 's a pleasure to have near me when I 'm working.My work studio is full of computers and servers and I 've long had a problem with dust . I have skin problems related to the dust and as a result I knew that I had to get something like this to prevent more serious health issues in the future . I did a lot of research and settled on the Austin Air Healthmate after at least a month of research and I could n't be happier . Normally I have a cleaning lady come in once a month to clean and she always complains about the amount of dust that accumulates in the studio . She just came to do her monthly cleaning at the beginning of this month and was shocked at how little dust there was compared to normal . LOL ! She thought I was using another cleaning person behind her back!The build quality of the unit is very , very good , and the shipment came fairly quickly . I keep it on all the time . When I 'm at the studio , I have it set to the lowest setting and I find it 's fairly quiet at that setting . When I leave for the day I turn it on full blast . At full blast it 's kind of noisy . About as noisy as one of my computer servers when it 's crunching numbers.I 've only had for a month so far , so I do n't know how much it 's going to affect my electric bill , but whatever it does to my electric bill , it 's totally worth it because of the outstanding improvement to the air quality in my studio!If there is one drawback I can think of , it 's that the unit is pretty big compared to previous air filters I 've had . Sadly , I may have a big problem convincing my wife to let me get one of the junior versions of this , because of the size . But she has noticed the improvement in the air quality in my studio and has been very impressed by it . I may yet be able to sell her on one of these for our home :-RRB- .
 I have had this air purifier for just over a month now and it works great ! It basically brings in air from the bottom 3/4 's of the system on all four sides and returns it out a side air vent in the top portion . I would equate the size of the unit to that of a dehumidifier unit . The high setting is a little noisy if you are in the room with it , but it really outputs a lot of filtered air . The sound is n't bad if you are n't sitting next to it . The two lower settings are much quieter , with you hardly noticing it is running if it is on the lowest setting.Its great that it is on wheels . I have a fairly open floor plan so it usually sits in my dining room and then in the evening I wheel it into the hallway to run between the two bedrooms . I have four dogs and live in an older home so I was looking for something that would filter a significant amount of air in a short period of time.The unit is a bit pricey and one thing to watch for is the cost of the replacement filters . The filters are supposed to last 2-5 years , depending upon the elements in your home . In addition to the unit having a warranty , the filter also has a warranty and depending upon how long your filter lasts determines the discount you receive on the replacement filter . The shorter the time , the bigger the discount on a replacement filter . Overall , I 'm very pleased with the product and will be watching for another sale on it as I would like to get a second one for my basement .
 I have been looking for a good air purifier for months . I have shopped and read reviews on all makes and models . This is the one I bought , if fact I bought 2 . They have been running non stop for a month now and doing great . I have 11 indoor cats and a husband who says he 's allergic to cats . So I needed a good system . These 2 systems take care of my whole house . I also put the best whole house filter on my air conditioner system to help out . The systems came very quickly and were ` out of the box ' set up .
 We 've had this air purifier for almost 2 weeks now . It does a great job of cleaning the air . Everyone breaths easier now . I really like that it does n't have any lights on it . Too many electronics have lights now-a-days and that is a real drag at night in a bedroom . On the minus side , it 's not particularly quite . This is really highlighted against our first air purifier , a Blueair 402 .
 We live in a hundred year farm house that has some issues . We bought this air purifier hoping that it would clear up the mustiness of the air and help out with our allergies . It works wonderfully and we sleep so much better . The house smell so much better we are glad we make this purchase .
 What can I say ; its a great product . My mother-in-law has been sick so we thought we would get her something to clean the air in her apartment . After a lot of research we determined this was the best bang for the buck . A little more expensive then one would like to spend but a good choice . Its well built , cleans the air very effectively , and blends in well with the furniture .
 This air filter is terrific . As soon as it arrived in the mail , I plugged it in , and it began clearing my air . I have placed it under a heating vent in the family room in my basement , and it is doing a good job of clearing the air in my split-level home . I no longer wake up with sinus headaches . I have a cat , a dog , a bird , and carpets , and the machine has done a good job of clearing the air . Weekly vacuuming and dusting was my only previous dander preventative and was not enough . The HealthMate is worth every penny that I paid for it .
 We live in a very wet climate , so mold is an issue . After a day of running , the effect could be felt as soon as I came home from work . It is noisy on high , but very powerful . On low , where we normally run it , it is quiet . My computer makes more noise . My home is not large , but it covers all of it .
 I bought this because I was moving into a nice basement apartment and figured it would be good to get any potentially harmful particles out of the air . I had been looking for one that would cover the square footage that I have and this one was one of the few that could . I was n't a fan of the price , but I was under the gun and a couple auctions on eBay did n't work out.I have n't had any issues since using this machine . It has been on constantly for about 3 weeks now -LRB- I typically keep it low when not home and medium when I am -RRB- . It does blow cold air out which I do n't particularly mind but some might . The apartment is super dusty and unless I have the purifier on high at all times , I know that 'll just be something I deal with . I 'm more concerned with any mold particles since I 'm in a basement.Overall , I think this was a good purchase and hopefully it 'll last me for a few years no matter where I go .
 It improves the air quality a lot . The high speed is too loud , but I can sleep at the low speed .
 I searched through a large selection of air filters trying to optimize price , utility , reputation , and ease of use -LRB- I do n't have time to replace some components every 6 months and other components every 3 months , etc -RRB- . I decided on the Austin Air Healthmate Air Purifier . From there , it was a search for a reasonable retailer . Due to price -LRB- along with free shipping -RRB- and Amazon backing , I chose All Seasons Health.The product arrived quickly and in perfect condition -- I would definitely order other products through this retailer.I pulled the Healthmate out of the box and after reading the instructions , I plugged it in and away it went -LRB- yep , that was it -RRB- . I was having a problem with new carpet installation -LRB- an abundance of VOC 's causing watering eyes , sore throat , and dizziness -RRB- ; the difference in just two days was remarkable and noticed by others . The Healthmate has three settings , low , medium , and high . The output on high is amazing and has an added benefit of dramatically increasing airflow in the room . The low setting is quiet enough to sit next to the machine and watch a movie without difficulty.According to the instructions , in about four to five years I will have to replace the filter inside and from a cursory review of the instructions , it should be much simpler than replacing my water filter.I will add further comments closer to allergy season .
 The Austin Air Healthmate is the best I 've ever owned . One large unit is enough for our entire house . It reduces -LRB- or even eliminates -RRB- odors from our cat 's litter box and makes the stale air in our home fresher when we return from a couple of days away . We run it in the bedroom at night and wake up feeling healthier than we did before we got one of these . It 's quiet on the lowest setting , and a little loud but very powerful on the highest setting . There 's easy maintenance -LRB- just vacuum the outside once a month -RRB- . Replacement filters are a little on the expensive side -LRB- around $ 200 -RRB- , but well worth it . The salesperson that sold us ours said we 'd have to replace the filter every five years . We run ours constantly and had to replace it after three years . I think the expense is still worth it , as the quality of this product can not be matched by less expensive purifiers .
 I bought this unit to help with my wife 's breathing issues . Last fall , we found out that she was allergic to a very common mold - Aspergillus - that is found in decomposing leaves and vegetation . So , she is basically allergic to the fall season . Wonderful . This year , we wanted to be as proactive as possible in eliminating the symptoms she was experiencing if at all possible . We knew that , at worst , we wanted to create a sanctuary of clean air in our home . Enter the Austin Air HealthMate.Why I bought itAfter a good deal of research , I landed on this unit for a few reasons . First , it is very well made . I did n't want a unit that our 2 year old son or our large puppy would be able to break . This thing is solid . It weights in at about 45 pounds , so it wo n't be picked up without some effort , but the wheels on the bottom make it a breeze to move around the house.The second reason I chose this unit was because of the cost of filters . Many of the cheaper units have multiple filters that need to be changed at varying frequency . I do n't want to change a filter monthly , quarterly , and yearly . Not only is the maintenance just another thing to add to the list , but each filter costs more money . With the company not only claiming this unit 's filter lasts for 5 years , but also providing a warranty on the filter , I was sold . I have n't done the exact math , but I bet you could buy a new unit every 5 years instead of replacing the filter and still come out ahead when compared to many of the units with lower upfront costs.The final reason I chose this reason is because of the maintenance required . It is almost nothing . Every month or so , it is helpful to vacuum the outside of the unit to make sure nothing is blocking the air intake which would result in lower efficiency . That is . I can handle that.Why would I recommend it?The first night we used the unit in our bedroom , I woke up in the middle of the night . I took a breath through my nose , and realized why I had woken up . I had been congested for about 4 months . I just wrote it all off to allergies or seasonal changes . I did n't realized that the air I was breathing in the house could be perpetuating the problem.Over time , my wife made several comments about being able to breath easier . I could n't believe that an air filter could make that big of an impact . As her lungs seemed to be less of an issue , we got lazy with using it and often left it in the bedroom instead of rolling it into the living room . One day , my wife went out back for literally a few minutes , and came back in coughing hard . I wheeled the unit out into the living room , and turned it on high . Within a minute or so , the coughing stopped . We exchanged glances of disbelief . This thing was really working!The final proof to me was when some friends came up for the weekend . Two of them are allergic to cats , and have to take medicine within a few hours of being in the house . With the filter , they asked if things had changed in the house , because their symptoms were greatly reduced.The other thing I 'll add to this is how well it cleans the air for a good sized room . Our great room is where we spend most of our time , and consists of a living room , dining room and kitchen . This unit does a fantastic job of improving the air quality of the entire space . When we go to sleep , we just wheel the unit to the bedroom . I love how flexible it is for us to use where we are . It has also been great when my son gets sick . If his room smells bad , we put the unit in the room on high for a few minutes to clean the air.What about the sound?I 'll also address the sound of the unit , as it had come up a few times in my research . On 1 , the unit blends in with ambient noise without a problem . The TV does n't have to be any louder , and we do n't have to talk differently than normal . On 2 , the unit is easy to hear , and the TV needs to be turned up a a bit , but conversations are n't dramatically impacted in our experience . On 3 , the unit sounds similar to an AC unit fan - quite noticeable . For us , the sound is no bother at all regardless of the setting . We are not light sleepers , so setting 1 and 2 have been no problem at all for us when it is running in our bedroom . We 've never tried it on 3 . ConclusionOn the whole , this unit has been worth every penny for my wife and family 's well being . I never realized it would benefit me as much as it has either . The air is noticeably cleaner in our house , my congestion has been almost completely eliminated , and my wife 's asthma has been much more manageable . I had a lot of doubts when purchasing this , or any , air filter for our house . My expectations have been surpassed to say the least , which is good when you are spending this kind of money on something .
 The primary reason my husband I bought this product was to clean the air in our home from the dog odor that seemed really hard to eliminate with traditional cleaning . We 've had this product for a year now and have LOVED it from the beginning . Right away we noticed that the dog smell in the air was practically eliminated when we leave the unit running . When we return from being away from home for a few days or turn the unit off , we really notice a difference in the quality of the air ; it does what it advertises it will do . It has also really helped with our allergies . I am giving this product four stars however , because after a year , I 'm ready to buy a new filter , though the product advertises that it will last up to five years . When I recently called the company to ask about receiving a replacement filter , they offer a forty percent discount off the price of the filter during the first two years of use . I will be buying a replacement filter because we love this unit so much when it 's working at optimum level . I will say we leave it running all the time and have recently done renovations to our home , so that may be the reason we need a new filter already . Below is a breakdown of the pros and cons of this unit : Pros : - REALLY cleans the air of smells and allergens . I honestly was surprised by how clean the air smelled when we first bought the unit . It really does the job we wanted it to.-Though I would n't say it 's whisper quiet at the lowest level , we leave it running all the time -LRB- even when we 're out of the house during the day -RRB- , and we really do n't notice the noise -LRB- and we have really tall ceilings -RRB- . - One unit will really clean a large surface area . I was concerned about the tall ceilings in our living space , but it has n't been a hindrance at all in the effectiveness of this product.-Incredibly easy to use with very little maintenance and very easy to use right out of the box-Though it 's not inexpensive , compared with similar high-end products on the market it 's priced reasonably . I ca n't imagine something more expensive being more efficient . We 've found this product to be worth the money that was paid for it , and it 's much better than having bought something at even half the price that did n't work as well.-Rolls easily so it can be tucked away or moved simply from room to roomCons : - The filter needs replacing after a year of use , but as I mentioned , we leave it running all the time and have done renovations in our home that probably contributed to the lack of longevity in the life of the filter . If you call Austin Air specifically , they will provide you with a new filter at a forty percent discount -LRB- during the first two years , but they will offer it at a pro-rated discount for up to five years -RRB- . Bottom line : If you 're looking for an air-purifier that will rid your home of smells and allergens , you wo n't be disappointed by this product -LRB- plus it 's incredibly low maintenance and easy to use -RRB- .
 I looked into this a lot last year after I had my baby.The major issues that I found were method of purification , noise , reusable vs disposable filter , and power/size . Method
 I would agree with all the positive reviews regarding the Austin Air Healthmate . The following is meant only to help potential purchasers of this product
 We received the Austin 400 in the time promised . The unit is a hefty 45 libs , but easily wheeled around where needed.The bedroom was our first choice . We turned it on high an hour before bedtime . When we went to bed I turned it on the low setting.The noise was hardly noticeable . Aside from the air smelling fresh , the proof would be if during the night my wife would n't wake upwith a stuffy nose and have irritated eyes in the morning . Well neither happened , even with the room being quite large . -LRB- 12x15 -RRB- with12 foot ceiling sloping down to 8 feet . So like I said '' It 's a Keeper ''
 I put this unit next to the air register for my central air/heat system in the living room so all incoming air would be filtered before it enters the vent to each room . My apt is around 1200 sq ft , with 3 bedrooms . This unit makes a big different in terms of air quality , as there is noticeably less dust around the whole house when it is on . We closed the balcony and windows to reduce smoke from the neighbors , and the HealthMate is very effective at removing any smell and all allergens . My wife and son has allergy , so this is a very helpful tool.The only complaint is the noise this makes . I ca n't watch TV with this unit unless it is at the lowest setting . But I need it at a med or high setting if it will serve the entire house . Its is fine at night , since it wo n't bother us when we are sleeping .
 This is a good product and the service was very good , but the unit is loud even on its lowest setting . I dropped one star because buyers should be clearly forewarned about this higher sound level somehow in the product description .
 I have COPD and this product has done a `` World of Good '' . I also did much comparing and research . Austin is the BEST !!!
 I have only had this for a couple of weeks but the air seems really fresh and clean . It is a little loud but we 've gotten use to it . I think its going to be a great investment .
 We have used this for two weeks now . Hard to tell if it is working , but I think it is . Nosiy on loud as noted , but quiet on low . Received quickly and very well packaged .
 Yes , this air purifier is expensive . At the same time , it does an excellent job dealing with pet dander and regional allergens in my case . One thing to factor in is that the expected filter life for this air filter under normal use is 5 years . So while the initial investment is high , if you use it normally you wont have a yearly filter to purchase . That being said , even in a high usage area -LRB- or setting -RRB- the company provides a discount if replacing a filter prior to 5 years of use -LRB- the discount decreases the closer you get to 5 years -RRB- . I have two of these running in a fairly large townhouse with 2 long haired maine coon cats and 2 australian shepherds . People who walk in do n't even know I have pets , it 's a high quality purifier at a premium price ... while not for everyone , it 's a great product in the right settings . On a side note , the noise level if a concern if you plan on running this thing full blast -LRB- think large rotating fan -RRB- . In my case , I never need to run it above the middle setting to keep my air clean but if for some reason I was running it on high -- it would be quite loud and probably not great for a bedroom or living room setting .
 My fiance and I recently moved in together ; I have a cat , he has allergies . Within a week , he was sniffling and sneezing and all around miserable , despite keeping the cat out of the bedroom , daily vacuuming and daily use of Zyrtec.We purchased this air purifier in the hopes that it would alleviate not just his reaction to my cat , but his seasonal allergies as well.Within a day he noticed a difference . We 've now had it for about a week and a half , and his symptoms are all but nonexistent . He plays and cuddles with my cat , with nary a bad reaction -LRB- although he is careful to use a lint roller after snuggling with her -RRB- . His allergies now only flare when we leave the apartment -LRB- or when he 's kicking up a lot of dust by moving furniture , etc -RRB- . We keep it on `` medium , '' and I do n't notice the sound . It 's certainly no louder than our AC unit , which we also have going . It was quite loud on the highest setting , but we have n't found a need to run it at high . It 's almost inaudible when run on low.All in all , a worthwhile purchase that has definitely made our lives easier .
 2nd purchase for bedroom almost silent running on low noisy on high seems to do the job and probably should have got larger one as room is 24x16 but it easily does the job on medium speed . very very fast shipping ... however look for best prices on internet as they all seem to be drop-shipped from buffalo .
 Kids got guinea pigs for Xmas and Mom found out 2 weeks later she has an allergy to guinea pigs . Since we are animal lovers , mom looked for solutions to her allergies so we would not have to give up our little piggers . Bought this based on an allergy website doctor recommendation for `` exotic '' pet allergies . It seems to work well as allergy has lessened in conjunction with meds -LRB- although not gone completely -RRB- and it removes the distinctive guinea pig perfume . Only complaints are the loud fan and that once it hung on to and recycled fish dinner smell -LRB- I 'm not sure why !! -RRB- . Would definitely recommend for `` exotic '' pet allergies . -LRB- Check allergy websites for dog , cat , and bird air filter recommendations which are different than exotics . -RRB-
 I have the Rabbit Air SPA-780A for my bedroom and decided to buy the Austin for my living room . It 's extremely sturdy - made with heavy material . The low setting is quiet and hardly noticeable while watching television . Even though it 's on low - it still really blows out fresh air . The high setting is great to run an hour or two before you use the room . Overall very happy with this purchase . It will certainly cover lots of square footage - check out the correct footage you need and air changes per hour , etc. . Best quality is the low maintenance .
 I have only had this unit for a couple weeks now , but it seems to be working as advertised . Put it in our finished basement and the slightly musky smell went away -LRB- noting we have a dehumidifier running as well -RRB- . The only issue I have with the unit is that the exhaust fan is quite loud . I probably would opt for something quiter if I were to put this in my bedroom . Other than that , it is simple to use . A single switch turns it from off to low-medium-high . Came fully assembled and ready to run.Overall , it 's what I was looking for - but a bit expensive -LRB- I know other highly rated units are more - but it is n't anything too high tech here -RRB- .
 level 1 purrs , it 's quiet.level 3 is loud , but it gets the job done if you need a quick air purification.we have a one-story-loft and this does the trick ... it 's great .
 Semper Peratus . Hangs on my garage . Good price . Cute girl . Wife hates it , I love it ! Go Coasties ! Great sign !
 I purchased two dozen small terry cloth towels/rags . They arrived on time . They are pretty much as advertised . Note that they are pretty thin , but still fairly absorbent and handy . Just wanted to have some rags for household use .
 The Riedel Vinum glass for single malt scotch is handsome and well made , although this version is not `` hand made . '' It is as advertised and perfect for enjoying single malt scotches . The fluted lip allows the scotch to spread over a wider range on your pallete as you bring the glass over your lips . For anyone who enjoys single malt scotches , this is a must have item .
 These are amazing glasses -- they dramatically increase the experience of a fine scotch . While I imagine they would work for any aromatic spirit , they seem very well suited to scotch.I prefer Islay scotches , which have an aggressive nose , and these glasses really improve the experience by concentrating the bouquet . The glasses are a delightful heavy crystal , and a pleasure to hold as well as drink from .
 Very pleased with these glasses . Huge improvement over the heavy generic glasses I was using . No , they are not cheap , but hey - if you are going to enjoy a quality single malt , I ca n't think of a better presentation for the drink .
 These glasses have been worth every penny . I bought these glasses to complement my scotch collection and they have proven their worth again and again . The experience is enhanced on all levels . They are well-formed and pleasing to the eye , they feel good in your hand , they channel the aromas from the scotch to your nose so you can really capture the essence of the whiskey in its smell . The fluted rim provides a great drinking experience . These glasses were recommended to me by a friend and I happily pass along the recommendation to you . Overall
 These glasses are nice but dainty . I am not a huge scotch drinker but i bought them for my father who loves them .
 I just love this cookie sheet ! The bottoms of the cookies come out a nice brown , they do not stick !!! This is one of the best sheets I have purchased ! Also , cleanup is super easy .
 My college room mate had a couople of these and I loved using them ! When she moved out , I bought my own . They are a great weight and bake evenly . Only complaint is that they get little heat stains sometimes , otherwise I 'd give them a perfect 5 star rating . I have permanent cookie circles on the pans . I do n't mind . I use them all the time and would buy more down the road if needed !
 The pan is great for non-stick cookie baking . I 'm planning on buying the soft touch muffin pan next .
 I got this quilt in a King size for our master bedroom . I 've been looking for the colors that are in this for a long time . I also bought the euro shams . I wish there were curtains in the same material , but I do n't think they 're offered . The quilt is beautiful ! The colors are very vivid and reminds me of staying at a caribbean resort , which is what I had in mind . Of course I have n't washed it yet , so I ca n't comment on how it launders , but it appears to be nicely made . The size is also very generous , and I have a thick mattress . Nice over-hang !
 First of all , I 've never bought into the notion that a pricey vacuum does any better job than a less expensive Hoover . Until now . I did my research and checked Consumer Reports.org extensively before forking over big $ $ $ for this Bosch . It is worth ever nickel . It 's quiet , does an excellent job on all floor types and is extremely easy to maneuver compared to my old Hoover wind tunnels . If you have the cash , I HIGHLY recommend it as a good investment .
 This is a five star review for two reasons :1 -RRB- This vacuum rocks . It is quiet , sucks up everything in site , and the bags last a long time . My wife and I have a labrador retriever and three bunnies in the house . The fur can be unbearable at times . This vacuum is the best I 've ever seen at picking up dust and hair . And , it does not blow dust particles back into the air like many other vacuums claiming to have HEPA filtration . I put this on par with a Miele vacuum . Awesome .2 -RRB- The lead comment in the power cord does not only apply to this vacuum . Check a lot of the products in your home , and you will find that MOST have lead in the power cords . Apparently , PVC products contain lead . PVC is the coating on the exterior of power cords . So , all those extension cords , computer cables , telephone cords , etc. contain lead . Want to wash your hands now ? I do . Do n't let it deter you from purchasing this good product .
 This is a wonderful clear plastic table cloth . I use it to cover my good Lace Diningroom Tablecloth . The Lace shows through clearly and the cloth is protected from spills .
 got this piece as part of my collection . was amazed at the detail and quality . saw it on a national shopping channel for more plus shipping and tax . good value and great addition for any wedgwood collector .
 I love not having to put the powder product in the washer every time I wash . This product works really well and gets my cloths clean and soft . I would recommend this to anyone who wants to make doing laundry easy .
 This was a great product . My children do laundry and it made no mess , left no residue and cleaned my clothing ! Why is it that when I find a great product , it gets discontinued ? I wish they would bring it back
 These are pretty good for a basic wash , but if you deal with heavy stains and very dirty clothes I just do n't think they do the trick .
 I use my TossNGo balls in every load of laundry . My clothes smell fresh and even seem brighter that before I was using the TossNGo balls .
 These laundry detergent balls are great for college students . They do n't have to lug around containers of laundry detergent and they are very effective at getting clothes clean.The only downside is availability - they used to be available at grocery stores - they are n't anymore in my area
 What a wonderful product . I love the convenience of it . Just toss it in your washer and the product does the rest.It 's too bad they took this product off the shelves . Not enough advertising I guess .
 I have used this product for the two years . It is very difficult to find . My understanding is that it is discontinued and that 's too bad . It is a good product for retirees and two person households ; very convenient for the on-the-go couple.I do n't think Oxiclean marketed this product enough for it to be a big seller in the correct market.I will continue to buy as long as I can find it .
 The Farberware Soft Touch 9-inch square cake pan has substantial weight without being heavy or awkward , and the non-stick finish is excellent . I think it will endure much use over time . The soft-touch handle trim is a plus , and the broad handle rim allows a firm grip when carrying the pan to and from the oven .
 the first pan I received was scratched . I went online and printed out a shipping slip . I received the second one , in perfect condition , about 3 days after I printed out the slip . No muss , no fuss . And the pan is perfect .
 I really like the roll out wine bins . They 're a great way to store odd-sized bottles , they look great , and they 're fun to use . I 've had them installed for more than 5 years , and I have n't broken one -- but I feel like I do need to take extra care not to hurt the rollers or the particle-board shelves , even if that 's not the case.They fit standard wooden wine cases , which are easy to get if you do n't already have some.I 'm about to create a new wine space , and I 'm debating if I want to use these again . If they were a bit less expensive , it would be a no-brainer .
 These towels are beautiful . I feel like a queen when I use them . For special occasions or company .
 The product is of good quality and does the job required . The red color is a delightful change and brightens up the sink . The gentle aroma -LRB- apple cinnamon -RRB- is pleasant while working around it . All in all I am pleased with the product and would get another when needed .
 Good product , really quick ship . It was purchased to protect an ornate table cloth duringa party so the kids -LRB- or adults -RRB- could n't spill their drinks all over it . It was exactly what I needed .
 The product is a very nice thickness and should hold up well . There is one achilles heel and that is it can not take heat . We have taken to putting trivets and placemats down to prevent melt rings from forming . Even an warm plate would stick a bit to the surface.It is serving the purpose we bought it for , which is to protect the table cloth from the hazards of a 6 year old . It wipes up well and is quite thick .
 Good material and it helps protect the tablecloth.My spouse likes it very much , especially when visiting children are at the table .
 It 's just what I wanted . However , be prepared to constantly clean it and steam it when it 's wrinkled .
 Austin Air Plus and the Superblend - running everyday for two years , three years and beyond in several different homes -LRB- we own 6 units -RRB- and they work . This unit is not whisper quiet but on low it will remind you of white noise piped in at your office and is not bad . Medium and High fan speeds will move the air and can clear a sudden problem . These units have been effective in negating carpets that have had too much cleaning with that dry powder,chem-dry type of carpet cleaner that never comes all the way out of the carpet and later on causes the `` lung slime '' problems . They offset the dust and pollen blowing in from the road and storms and seasonal build-ups , they stop the stink of the dog and the cat box , they eliminate that stinky feet smell from an old bedroom and catch the cloud of insecticide that the neighbor 's pest control man hoses around the yard . Any wonder these units were at ground-zero ? Heavy use of the unit may result in need for replacement filters - which although they should last 5-years - sometime only go 1 or 2-years before they start blowing a funky smell -LRB- my sign it 's time to change -RRB- . Replacement filters are expensive at $ 200 to $ 250 , representing half the cost of new unit . The switches on a few units that had lots of back and forth switching have stopped working properly but can be sent in for warranty work . Steel case and casters is a plus for this heavyweight .
 I already have a digital thermometer for indoor use , but a friend was using this when he was grilling on the BBQ outside . It was a small , easy to read thermometer , to check the temperature of your food .
 I got it from amazon at a awsome rate . The quality of steel is very good too . Got lot of bonus teaspoons in the set which was a big plus .
 This flatware was a gift for my son and dgtr-in-law . They were delighted with the simplicity of the pattern and the nice weight of the stainless . I was very pleased that they were satisfied with my selection .
 The Oneida Prescott 79-Piece Flatware set is a great set of casual silverware . I bought this on sale before Christmas '07 for my mom , and she absolutely loves them ! I paid just under fifty dollars for them , and I feel that that was a steal . I ca n't necessarily say that I would spend 100 dollars on this set , but I think these are a better buy than some of the other sets I 've seen for the same price . One thing I noticed was that in the picture they look like they 're thicker in the handle than they actually are-they 're pretty thin . They 're still strong and fairly heavy , so as far as I 'm concerned they 're just as sturdy as a thicker set of flatware . If you 're looking at this set , wait until it goes on sale-it 's worth the wait ! PS
 The soup spoons are bigger than normal , but I see them as guy-sized for eating cereal and ice cream . I measured the teaspoons and they 're slightly smaller than the soup spoons in my old set . That makes them more useable in my mind . -LRB- Teaspoons are usually pretty useless except for stirring tea or feeding young children -RRB- The forks are all large but not too large.I do n't think the metal is too thin . They look nice . If you 're ready for something different , order these .
 I have been looking for flatware for over a year and this set/price can not be beat anywhere . It is well made and heavy duty plus you get lots of extras . I have compared this set to many in local stores wanting two or three times the amount for less product . I saw the other reviewers comments about not being thick and the sizes , but they did n't pay a large sum of money either . My personally opinion is you get a lot more than you are paying for with this set and I highly recommend .
 This Silverware is excellent in use with elegant look . We are using it since six month and I do not have any complain about it . It is just what we needed .
 Have had this set for about a month and I really like the silverware and the drawer caddy . As others have noted the soup spoons are a bit big but not so much that they are a distraction . I would highly recommed these to a friend and the price is great . They also was up nicely in the dishwasher !
 I just received these . I thought that the spoons were too large as well . I took a 5 ml measuring spoon and filled the spoons using that . The size is an optical illusion . The teaspoons hold 5 mls , and the tablespoons hold 15 mls , as they should . The set is of excellent quality . Oneida has been in business a long time . They know what they are doing .
 I needed a new set at a goo price and i got alot more than what i paid for this set is really worth the money , they clean up great in the dishwasher and the set comes with a caddie . All in all great buy .
 Nice set with plenty of items and a great drawer caddy . Great job Oneida . Fast shipping too .
 Very nice set of silverware . Beautiful elegant design and build tough and durable . Completely met my expectations . Now I 'm glad I ordered 2 : - -RRB-
 Although I wish the canning companies were n't adopting silver lids and bands instead of the gold , the product is a good one , either way . I 've been using canning products for years and find Kerr to be a reliable product .
 I have been canning for about the last 6 years or so and would absolutely recommend these lids to anyone who does home canning . I have tried other brands and have had them fail on me in which they either buckled or just failed to seal even with the best precautions being taken . I would not have bought another brand had I known how they were going to do . My parents started my canning experience at the young age of 15 and I am 26 now . I have just recently canned beef tips , and had great success with 14 out of 14 quarts sealing , using Kerr lids . My mom started me with Kerr , so I guess I may be just partial .
 I 'm rating this high because my expectation is that someone will reply in a timely fashion !! I need some of these Kerr lids that are 3.25 '' in diameter . I was unable to see if this product is that size . Also , the photo shows EXACTLY what I want . In other words , I want ONLY what I 'm seeing on the picture on the box.The lids that I want fit inside a thing -LRB- what are these called ? -RRB- that screws into the actual jars . I only want what I am calling the lids , and not the things that screw into the jar.For future purchases am wanting to get the terminology correct - would appreciate clarification!I 'm going to see if there 's a way to contact the seller directly to get a more thorough product description but posting this review was more accessible.thanks for any light you can shed on this !
 These are the same as one can purchase in stores . They work with the same efficient method . Price is high when consider that shipping is not included .
 This towel is super big , super soft and thirsty . It washes well and stays fluffy . The color matches other Waterford products .
 I bought the Garnet & Mahogany colors for a his and hers look . Towels are heavy and soft . Pattern is very nice . I just wish they came larger and that the ends did not shrink . I wash towels in extra hot water sometimes and that is probably why . Colors stayed true . Happy with purchase .
 I am sorry to say the gold color for this towel is more brown , not really gold . I wish it either real gold color , or darker brown , since this brown is not very pleasent color .
 I am slightly disappointed at the size of the bath towel . They do n't make it any bigger than this . The quality is really good . The towels gets softer with every wash . I really enjoy using it .
 Keeps things hot or cold for a long time . We are very pleased with this classy looking carafe .
 I purchased this for my wife , who is a fourth-grade school teacher . She loves it ! She leaves for work at 7:00 am , and when she returns home after 5:00 pm , -LRB- those lazy school teachers and their seven-hour days -- hah ! -RRB- , the remaining coffee is still warm . Very cool and ultra-modern looking , too . This is a great carafe , you wo n't be disappointed .
 We ordered this carafe to keep tea hot on the kitchen table and it does -LRB- I have to remember not to drink right after I pour or it 's too hot -RRB- ! It makes weird noises sometimes but you just have to open the spout for a second to let some steam off - part of its charm , I suppose . Great product !
 This carafe keeps the coffee warm for a long time and looks great too . I feel it is a very good value for the price and am very pleased with it !
 After having my red one for a few months , i love it so much I just purchased a blue one as a birthday present . There is absolutely no better insulated carafe on the market today . If you intend to keep tea warm for a very long time , consider adding more hot water after your initial cup . What the insert says is really true
 I usually make drip filter coffee and this is great for when I want some later in the day or if I am having guests . It keeps coffee hot for a really long time , especially if it 's full and been pre-warmed . It 's also very cute and easy to use . It also survived a drop from the counter onto the tile floor without a mark .
 I bought a green one also ... I absolutely love them ... Keeps coffee warmer ... and so pretty on the counter.Best I have ever had ... thank you . . it is a Leifheit insulated carafe ... blue ... its great ...
 A very elegant , good quality frame with the option of hanging on the wall or propping on a flat surface .
 This frame is exactly as described , better ! I am so pleased with my purchase . It is very classy looking , the workmanship is very good.I put in an old family picture , it looks great ! shipped on time , packaging excellent !
 I 'm a writer and my wife likes to frame some of my work . She is very pleased with these frames , both in appearance and construction ...
 Nice , light , classy , pure old fashion golden memories in a frame worth the price of admission , yes sirryyyyy , nice and light .
 Very nice frame , online picture of it did not show all the detail . It was perfect with the item I wanted to use it for .
 I am very happy with this purchase . The frame is lovely , great quality for a low price . I would order this frame again .
 I bought this frame for a standard-size art print , and it arrived well packaged in sturdy bubble wrap and completely undamaged . It 's a fairly lightweight solid-wood frame that met expectations for the price point . In other words , it 's not as heavy duty as finer wood art frames that may cost a good deal more , but it 's of decent quality and looks great for average framing and decorative purposes .
 I 've had this product for a while now and have enjoyed its highly functional features . I purhcased it as table for a stereo component set . It fit on top of the stand perfectly . I was able to conviently store my albums and cds.Its also a fine piece of furniture that would enhance the decor of any room . I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs an good place to store there musical investments .
 This product actually shipped from Home Decorators Collection , which is a company I trust . This rug , as well as a smaller one I also selected , covers a 19 ' x 20 ' bedroom balcony . Love the color and pattern . AZ summers are brutal , so I hope the rugs last a while .
 This towel is super big , super soft and thirsty . It washes well and stays fluffy . The color matches other Waterford products .
 I bought the Garnet & Mahogany colors for a his and hers look . Towels are heavy and soft . Pattern is very nice . I just wish they came larger and that the ends did not shrink . I wash towels in extra hot water sometimes and that is probably why . Colors stayed true . Happy with purchase .
 I am sorry to say the gold color for this towel is more brown , not really gold . I wish it either real gold color , or darker brown , since this brown is not very pleasent color .
 I am slightly disappointed at the size of the bath towel . They do n't make it any bigger than this . The quality is really good . The towels gets softer with every wash . I really enjoy using it .
 I use a French Press or Chemex for coffee making and keeping the coffee hot requires transferring it to a different container . I was using the traditional , somewhat boring stainless `` Thermos '' for the brews until ... . I saw this little pudgy thing being used by my daughter-in-law . It looks a bit like a chubby chicken ... : ` > Remembering how much I liked it , the kids sent me a red one . I 've had it two or three years , have given two as gifts and would replace mine in a heartbeat if something happened to it . Keeps the coffee steamy hot for hours ~ it 's unusual and pretty darned cute ! If you 're considering a household carafe , I say . . go for the Leifheit . You wo n't be sorry!Sandra
 I am in love with my new carafe . I make tea in the morning , and it is still hot late at night ! If I make tea in the evening , it is still hot or warm in the morning . I do n't waste money any more , because i do n't throw out cold tea -LRB- like I used to , when I was using my stainless steel insulated caraffe -RRB- and I can use the same amount of tea as for one cup and just let it seep longer . You can either use one -LRB- ONE -RRB- teabag for a full carafe or get a stainless steel tea basket for loose tea . I plan on giving one of these as a gift to all my tea drinking friends.In the looks department , the photos do n't do it justice . This carafe is Made in Germany and comes with a 3 year warranty . If you drop it and the vacuum insert breaks , you can actually purchase a replacement from Leifheit!One more advantage in comparison to other styles / brands is that the bottle top is much wider than that of for instance the Alfi carafes , which I was also looking at . You can fit more loose tea strainer types in it , as they are usually pretty large .
 Highly recommended for all serious tea drinkers.Pros : - Beautiful aesthetics - Keeps tea warm for many , many hours . - Stays clean , as long as you rinse it after use . - Convenient and ergonomic - Fair priceCons : - Does not come with a strainer - make sure to buy a tea strainer or ` sock ' to steep inside the carafe mouth !
 Keeps coffee or tea hot all day ! Really cute too ... if you like bright , modern kitchen items ! The red ca n't be beat and the orange accents are really interesting and not too garish . I really enjoy using this item everyday and for entertaining . So far no problems .
 I love this set . So far , I 've baked a cake in the rectangular pan , brownies in the square one and I use the round bowl for many purposes . Right now it 's storing leftover spaghetti . This set cleans easily and is very versatile . Good buy .
 You know how , sometimes , you buy a set and there are pieces thrown in that you 'll never use because they are so odd ? Well , not true with this set . The three dishes are perfect for all sorts of uses , from brownies to cakes to chicken dishes and beyond . You really ca n't go wrong with Pyrex ! I have cabinets full of the large and small baking dishes and bowls and really like them -LRB- glass seems to cook evenly and clean up easily without worry about scratching off a `` non-stick '' surface ! -RRB- I bought this set for my sister for her birthday and she was really pleased , so , that pleased me ! This is a nice set for a starter kitchen or as a gift for any cook or aspiring cook and the price on Amazon seemed fair !
 Great all purpose bakeware . I 've had and used Pyrex for years . Bought these for my boyfriend . He 's now a fan . I 'd buy these again .
 I bought this bakeware recently , and it is very good . I like how the two sizes of the baking dish wonderfully complement each other . Thus , I can bake cauliflower in the big dish and a salmon filet in the little one . Very impressed with Pyrex !
 Love these ! Use them all the time - very durable - thick glass and multi use
 This glass set is just the right size -LRB- s -RRB- and are easy to clean . The sculpted outer surface dresses them up a bit but is n't a match for other kitchen bakeware or bowls . The cobalt blue lid is a nice touch and a good match for our kitchen .
 this is just your basic 3 piece glass bakeware for a good price.i did notice that things still tend to stick to the glass but at least its easier to clean than metal bakeware in my experience .
 Purchased this porcelain coated non-stick cookware amid reports that other types of non-stick cookware might release carcinogens when overheated . This set is outstanding for the price . Each piece is designed to heat evenly and the porcelain coating is smooth and impossibly easy to clean . The lids included are sturdy and the whole set is asthetically pleasing in its gloss black finish . The plastic cookware included is pretty basic and unimpressive , but that 's not the reason anyone would buy this set in the first place . I 'd recommend this set to any home chef . Very happy with my purchase .
 These are everything they said they would be . I 've used them over a year and they are still like new . Way better and less apt to scratch than many others I have tried !!! Excellent buy !!!!
 My wife and I learned very quickly that cheap pots and pans are just that - cheap . We very quickly donated the crappy set we bought and picked up these from Amazon . This set has performed flawlessly and we could n't be happier . It makes our romantic evenings that more convenient and functional with no scrubbing needed .
 Review by the daughter -LRB- birthday gift last year -RRB- . I love these ! I do n't have to worry about scraping out clam chowder from the big pot , rice from the smaller pot , etc. , etc. . They have held up well and work great .
 I saw this sign in the window of my bird supply store . I have been looking for it ever since and happy to have found it on the web . It is proudly hung between my garage doors for all to see . If you are a bird lover and have parrots or know someone who is , they will love this !
 I had priced this product in stores and other sites . No price came close to this one . Product arrived quickly and in excellent condition . Easy to put together . Solves a storage problem in my small powder room . Highly recommend .
 I just received this item and I 'm thrilled with the quality and the modern lines of it . Not only is it stylish and contemporary looking it 's also a solid , sturdy piece of furniture . A great addition to any living and/or bedroom decore . Though it is considered an end table I 'm using it as a night side table . Easy to assemble , looks great and is very functional and practical . Do n't hesitate ... get it !!! You 'll love it !
 Great . Just as I expected . Looking forward to making pickles , jams and jellies . No problems with the jars they arrived in perfect condition .
 This product is of great quality . The product was very easy to use and a great help in shelving food for another day . I highly recommend this seller for their speedy and excellent product .
 I got this because I had heard the mason jars will screw onto any blender , which comes in really handy when making shakes or other blended food items . These worked perfectly .
 Like many , I was leery of ordering furniture online , but am so glad I did ! I had looked extensively in stores and could not find any of this quality for less than double the price . I ordered the king bed , 2 nightstands and the dresser . They all arrived promptly , the shipper was polite and on time , and the furniture is absolutely gorgeous !! I agree it is much darker than pictured , more like a mahogany or black cherry but it just adds to the overall richness of the furniture . It is extremely well made , solid wood and was packed so well it arrived in perfect condition but took me hours just to unpack . The dresser and nightstands came fully assemmbled but the bed did need to be put together , which was easily done in less than an hour . My friends that have seen it guess I paid in the $ 3-5000 range . Could n't be more pleased .
 We were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this piece . My only critique of it is that I wish the top shelf was a little bit higher so that there 'd be a little more room for records on the bottom to be stored vertically ; they fit , but it 's pretty snug .
 This Belleek Celtic cross is such a pretty piece . It is well made and is really a quality piece . Perfect for a shelf or a curio cabinet . Can fit in anywhere with any decor .
 I paid amazingly low price for these glasses . They are beautiful , functional and elegant.One big pleasant surprise was the volume of liquids these glasses hold ; almost 12 ozs . !!
 ITS A BEAUTIFUL PIECE , A TINY BIT OF A PAIN TO ASSEMBLE BUT IT DID N'T TAKE LONG AND IT IS COMFORTABLE AND LOOKS GREAT ... OVERALL MY HUSBAND AND I ARE HAPPY WITH THIS RECLINER/CHAIRGREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK !
 This item shipped in two boxes . Total of six bolts to assemble this chair was super easy . The leather similar quality to Pottery B ** n.The chair does recline , but had to grease the hinges so it would recline more smoothly .
 Since this is the most expensive purchase I 've made online , I was a bit worried that it would n't live up to the photo and description . It did ! It 's a great chair.It was packed very well and was easy to put together . The maker sends dowels to line up the arms with the body of the chair before attaching them with long bolts - the dowels kept sliding through the holes instead of staying in place . But I assembled the chair by myself in just a few minutes , even with the unruly bits . The chair is comfortable and very pretty . I 'd buy again from this manufacturer .
 We love our statue of St. Michael . He is the patron for protection of fire and evil spirits . We have always had a statue in our home . Our other statue of 30 years which was made of plater of Paris broke.This is very beautiful in the bronze , very rich and fits in any living room decor . That is where we have ours . I highly recommend it for anyone with devotion to St. Michael .
 I gave this to my mommy for christmas ... She cried when she opened the box up . So glad I was able to find this treasure of a statue : -RRB-
 This was larger than I thought it would be by reading the other post , this is perfect for the home ! Even my toddler screamed `` Wow ! '' when I took it out of the packaging .
 I never saw this statue in person because I had it sent to a cousin who had 4 stage cancer & lived in a different state . I appreciate the fact that it was sent immediately because he received it right away & it brought him great comfort . He has passed away now , and his mother has this . Thank you so much .
 I bought this for my nephew for his 1st Communion , but my 4 sons loved it so much we are getting another for them -LRB- and maybe one more for my other nephew 's birthday ... -RRB- It is truely stunning , in detail and quality , it is just perfect . It is really heavy , so the shipping cost is resonable . Enjoy !
 Wow ! My seller was QualityBargainsForYou and to say I am impressed is an understatement ! The package my St. Michael came in could have fallen off the truck in the middle of the freeway and not been damaged ! The detail work and finish of my new St. Michael is spectacular ! When I showed it to two people in my office all they could say was WOW ! and I am sure one of my co-workers is ordering one as well . Great Job !
 I saw different images on the Internet and I made sure that I bought this one for its height , width , and depth because of the wings . Just make sure that you look at that to place it where you plan to for there are numerous sizes . I like it very much and so does everyone that comes over to visit . Of course I bought the Mary holding Jesus after death and the body sizes are not the same . St Michael is much thinner than Mary and Jesus , even though their height length would be appropriate .
 Essentially , this is a great product sold by a equally great company . The cost of shipping was a bit hefty . However , I received the package much sooner than I had anticipated - I was more than happy to pay a few extra dollars for the cost of shipping . The product was packaged perfectly , as to prevent damage while being shipped . The statue of St. Michael itself was beautifully detailed , made of solid , durable cold-cast resin . Depicting St. Michael 's triumph over Lucifer during the Rebellion in Heaven , this piece can serve as a source of inspiration and strength for believers , as well as those who have taken St. Michael as their Patron Saint .
 This is a beautifully detailed statue . It was exactly as described by the seller & the price was one of the best on Amazon . It arrived quickly & was packaged very well . Very pleased with this transaction & this wonderful statue !
 Statue was received quickly and in perfect condition -LRB- very well packed -RRB- . We gave this as a Confirmation gift , and our young man was visibly impressed . This is no delicate St. Michael statue in a pretty `` skirt ; '' this is the fierce warrior archangel of God triumphantly squashing the devil and evil . Thank you for a beautiful gift !
 Quality , beauty , & appreciation by both the artist & myself for this piece of affordable art . The attention and detail that went into making each of these statues -LRB- series -RRB- will impress even the most critical buyer . Two thumbs up !
 This item surpasses the expectations . This is for my husband and I 'm sure he will love it . It has a really good quality to the product .
 This a very nice piece . It is of great quality and detail . You will not be disappointed . The lightly colored/highlighted areas look great .
 I got this for my God Son for his Conformation , and he loved it . It 's got great detail and its heavy also . It came packed very well and when I opened it for inspection , it was flawless . shipping was high but it was delivered fast . I would n't mind having one of these for myself .
 Bought this piece as a gift and boy was it well received . Incredibly intricate detail and fantastic bronze ` look ' . Heavy too . The pictures here on amazon do a good job of showing the statue but until it 's in your hand you ca n't really appreciate how good it looks . Perfect for a larger mantel or display case , or just leave it on your coffee table - it 's bound to get compliments .
 I bought two pieces , one for me , the other for a friend which I shared a particularly challenging situation with.Very good finish , the picture does n't show the details but , the statue is bigger than you would expect and the overall impact is really good.The piece gives me a sense of strenght , hope and absolute faith that sooner or later , one way or another , justice will be made . In our particular situation ... it just happened . Thank you St. Michael .
 This is a beautiful sturdy statue . TreasureGurus -LRB- Brad and Stacy -RRB- are very nice , helpful people to work with and to buy from . Both the statue and TreasureGurus are highly recommended .
 This statue of Saint Michael is a very nice addition to anyone 's office or other room in the house . It has an antiques bronze look and a heavy weight to it . It is also the perfect size at 15 '' in height it is not too big but does n't look tiny either .
 We gave this statue to one of our priest 's for Christmas . He has a strong devotion to St. Michael the Archangel . To say he was thrilled is an understatement . The statue is beautiful . The detail is incredible . The power and strength of St. Michael is clearly seen . We all stood around for a half hour just admiring the details.As for the seller , I strongly recommend them . When we placed the order we were told that we might not receive it until after Christmas . We ended up getting the statue a week before Christmas . They shipped it out the same day that we ordered it . My only regret is that we got the last statue . I want one for our house .
 I was very happy when i received this . It had great detail more then what the picture can actually show . I was very happy with my purchase and would recommend this to my family and friends . I think it is definitely worth the money .
 This product is wonderful . After reading the other reviews I knew it would be good but I never expected it to be as nice as it is .
 Actually going to buy a few more to give as gifts for Christmas . It 's it just right . Everyone that say they are smaller than thought are wrong . Thi is the perfect size . Looks great on shelf in the living room and everyone that comes over really fall in love with it . Thanks a lot and it 's also good craftsman ship . Very sturdy .
 I wish they described how long the wand is on the product description . I think it 's maybe 6 or 7 inches long ? Not long enough to scrub out a water bottle or thermos easily . Which is what I bought it for . It still works , but I have to grip the handle in a way where the rim scrapes my knuckles when I wash dishes . It cleans , but it 's not comfortable .
 I 've owned thisLeifheit 1-Liter Columbus 28300 Insulated Carafe , white/blackLeifheit 1 liter Columbus 2000 insulated carafe for almost 12 years . It looks great , is easy to handle , fill and pour and keeps my water cold by my bed or desk or wherever I moved to throughout the day for about 20 hours.I just ordered a second pitcher . The older pitcher 's inner lining cracked when I dropped it . No big deal I replaced the liner here on Amazon.Then about a week ago the cap broke when , you guessed it , I dropped the carafe . Leifheit replaced the cap for free . What a company . I honestly feel that the age of my container was why it cracked - a younger carafe would have kept intact.I 've read the review of other double walled insulated containers on Amazon and feel this is the best of the choices . On the leifheit site it also comes in purple .
 I have ordered two of these bowls as gifts , and they were very much liked . The bowl is more delicate with the cut outs than a standard food serving bowl . It looks very nice as a center piece with fruit in it .
 3-D High Heel Shoe Candy Mold Part-A This was a blast to make . I hosted an event at church called `` Walking Like Jesus in High Heels '' and made gifts for the table I decorated . You need both part A and B to make the mold , cut the edges to about 1/2 inch so you can clip them together tightly . In the future I would buy at least two or three molds because I could make only one a day and they were not costly . They turned out beautiful and the guests at my table loved them . Lot of work to be creative with them , but loved doing it . They came with instructions and you can find plenty of sample ideas on line ,
 I created a milk chocolate stiletto for my brother and sister in laws `` Sole Mates '' wedding shower . The shoe turned out wonderful and just as beautiful as if I 'd purchased one from a designer , only a quarter of the price . The shower was a huge hit with my perfect cake topper !
 Again , wonderful item . Shipping perfect , packaging perfect . Certainly would purchase from this seller again ! Thank you SO much ! I am so happy with both molds and look forward to using them for years to come . So grateful I have found this seller : -RRB-
 I regularly use high quality incense , but when I ran out of lavender , I had to search . I found the L'Occitane Lavender , and since I love some of their other products , gave it a try . Way better ! -LRB- Wish I 'd run out of the other stuff sooner . -RRB- It 's long-lasting , does n't burn away too quickly , and is nice and potent -- really smells like lavender . A family member who had never liked anything lavender I had told me she does , in fact , like this incense , so , that 's further testimony to it being so much better .
 It is clean burning and also has a incense burner in the cap . The only problem that I encountered was with getting the cap off . I purchased two , and had to take both to a cigar store for opening . The second one , I had to exchange at a local L'Occitane store .
 this thing is cool if you want skull items in your bathroom i keep my downstairs bathroom normal then for our upstairs bathroom its done in skulls.And no this is not for decoration we actually use it
 What can I say ? It 's a toilet brush . The price is worth it though when friends/family come out of the bathroom and say `` what is that ?!? '' They are all jealous !
 Ok . Skulls are great . This is a well-made , fun toilet brush . It gives the most disagreeable household chore -LRB- next only to cleaning the cat box -RRB- a touch of gravitas .
 The vaccum cleaner is easy to use , good suction power , lightweight , well made , and a great dollar value .
 My housekeeper recommended this vacuum and I went with her suggestion . This vacuum is powerful yet compact and works well on pet hair .
 This vacuum is wonderful . Easy to push and pull . Neat brush spinning hose attachment , plus many more . Cleans carpet by just going over them once . Works on tile too ! Just a great vacuum !
 This is a great vacuum that pulled all kinds of material out of my carpets . There 's nothing really to complain about as far as cleaning performance , particularly in the $ 100 price range . On the down side , this vacuum requires that the filter be shaken off , and the canister be emptied after nearly every use , which can be a messy process best performed outside by the trash can . I 've had bagless upright vacuums like this one before , so this was a familiar necessity , but some users may find it to be a messy nuisance . I appreciate the fact that I do n't need to buy vacuum bags that generate additional waste , so the bagless feature is still a big plus for me.I do n't have much use for the hush and boost modes as the machine works quite well without the boost mode , and the hush mode is only a bit quieter . They seemed to be unnecessary to me , but they do n't detract from an otherwise great deal on a powerful vacuum.I initially chose to purchase this vacuum because Consumer Reports ratings indicated that it was the best bargain among vacuums that had the highest ratings for cleaning power . There were certainly other good `` value bargain '' cleaners for half the price , but this one stood out as a great value for people who wanted a vacuum that was marginally behind the $ 300-500 competition in performance at a much lower price . The lower price does show in the quality of materials and `` fit and finish '' , and it does have the looks of an inexpensive machine . Personally , I do n't care about how it looks since it will spend 99 % of its life in a closet , but the highly style conscious user may need to pony up the extra cashfor a more polished design .
 This is a great vacuum if you consider the price . I have to admit that I bought the vacuum before reading the reviews - once I read the reviews I had second thoughts . Now that I have used the vacuum - I can honestly say most of the reviews are blowing minor issues out of proportion - yes the wheels are a bit underbuilt , yes you do have to empty the dust cup -LRB- not every time - unless your floors are filthy or carpet is brand new -RRB- and yes you do need to clean the filter every so often . Though anyone who is used to dealing with a shopvac can attest - you do n't need to empty it everytime , you do n't need the filter to be free of falling dust in order to feel it will still have adequate suction , and who in their right mind empties their vacuum inside the house ??!! Simply tap the filter on the inside of a trash can -LRB- taking care not to damage the pleats -RRB- - when the bulk of the dust has been removed you 're done - IT DOES N'T need to be immaculate or free from particles to work . The brush tool for furniture -LRB- I though I would never use it -RRB- did an amazing job at removing lint from a comforter - that 3 previous washings could not remove.Overall - if you are not into the hype of Dyson and want a reasonably priced vacuum -LRB- THAT WORKS -RRB- - its a great buy . According to consumer reports - it rates higher than most Dyson 's that cost $ 400 . Also - if you are a neat freak - get a vacuum with a bag !! That way you do n't have to worry about cleaning filters or dust bins .
 This vacuum performs very good for under $ 100 . It received very good reviews on consumer reports and I think I made the perfect choice . A bagless that cleans as well as this for under $ 100 is a great choice . The attachment for the stairs -LRB- which is identical to the windtunnel one I had -RRB- works great . Shares a lot of things in common with the pricier Windtunnel models . Would highly recommend . And yes , it cleans as good or better than a Dyson . Its also one of the lighter models in its class , making climbing stairs with it much easier .
 My family has a Dyson so my idea of what a vacuum can do was really high , however I did n't have 400 dollars to spend on my collage apartment so I settled for a more affordable one . And for the money it costs it works great , you have to empty out the small bin pretty often but that is expected when it is sucking everything up . Overall it 's a great vacuum especially for its small price .
 I wanted a reasonably priced vacuum that was good on hardwood floors and at picking up pet hair . This model has performed well on both counts -- which is not surprising since Consumer Reports said it would . I would buy it again . There are some complaints about the hepa filter . I take it outside to empty the main chamber and bang each end of the filter against a tree or the edge of the porch a few times . The tree does n't seem to mind the dust and I do n't bring any back in the house so everybody is happy .
 I 'm very happy with the performance of this small vacuum . It has been perfect as a second vac and is light weight enough to handle up and down stairs.I would recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive solution for a small space.Hoover U5262-910 EmPower Bagless Upright Vacuum
 I bought the EmPower based on the very favorable Consumer Reports review of it , which was definitely right on the money . It is quiet , lightweight , and does a great job of cleaning up . The optional Whisper and Turbo modes and the fold down handle are very nice features to have.I would recommend this vacuum to anyone . It is by far the best vacuum I have owned !
 I purchased the vacuum for a vacation home but before taking it there , I used it at my main house . Surprisingly , it picked up a TON of dirt and pet hair off of my oriental rugs that the maid service 's expensive canister vacuum had left behind ! They want to know if I want them to use my little Hoover instead of their vacuum ... . Even tho emptying a bagless is rather dirty and dusty -LRB- and needs to be done frequently to maintain optimum suction -RRB- , I am quite pleased with it and believe you get alot of bang for your buck .
 I just got this vacuum today and boy did it suck up the dog hair ! My only complaint is that it is VERY noisy -LRB- although I did not try the `` hush '' mode yet -RRB- . I do not know what all the fuss is about with emptying it . It was really very simple to do . I do recommnend this product , but you may need ear plugs !
 I have had this vacuum for about 2 years . It still works very well . The only thing that broke is one of the plastic clamps that holds the attachments on the side of the vacuum . The Empower does a great job cleaning carpets . It performs noticably better than our old vacuum , sucks up a lot more stuff , does n't spit out dust , and leaves the carpet feeling much nicer . A few months ago we moved into an apartment that must have had brand new carpets and this vacuum was sucking up tons of fuzz from it . I had to empty it several times each time I vacuumed . The only down side , which I do n't mind , is the dust when you empty the canister . I have to sweep around my trash can afterwards , because it leaves a mess . But I do n't mind because I do n't have to fuss with buying and changing bags . I recommend the Empower . It 's a great vacuum for a good price . It 's not too big or heavy and I find it easy to use .
 I purchased this vacuum because consumer reports recommended it and I needed something for small areas . This vacuum does a great job and for the money is a great deal . I recommend it to anyone .
 this is an excellent product for the price . . I couldnt believe the amount of dirt my old vacuum was obviously not picking up ... WOW ! I would recommend this product to anyone , pet owners as well , this vacuum cleaner really picks up !
 I decided on the brand and model after reviewing an article published in the Consumer reports website , it was the cheapest and still ranked pretty high between vaccum cleaners of less than 20 pounds , it was sugested at 99 dollars , to my surprise I got it through amazon at 83 $ with S&H included !!!! , it arrived super fast , it works great , it is easy to use , nothing to assemble , I didnt even had to read the manual to figure out all of its functions . I highly recommend it .
 I really like this vacuum . it has great suction and works well on hard wood and carpet . the only disadvantage is that it can be a little messy to empty the dust cup .
 I have had every kind of vacuum you can think of . Even a Kerby , I am embarrassed to say . I have 4 dogs and therefore A LOT of hair and dirt . The first time i used this vac , I had just had my carpets cleaned the week prior and vacuumed the day before . I was amazed/appalled at the amount of hair and dirt one pass over my carpets made . I , too , have a lot of tile and find it works well on hard surfaces as well . For the price , you ca n't beat this vac !! Take this coming form what my ex once called a vacuum addict . I LOVE to vacuum :--RRB- If the noise bothers you , pop in your Ipod !
 I have only used this product a few times , but from what I can tell , it seems to be a good buy . The attatchment cord is a bit short , but it seems to do well with picking up cat hair off my couch . -LRB- And I have four cats that seem to continually shed so that 's great for me ! -RRB- It does n't seem to pick up things off the tile too well , but I do n't usually use it for that . It cleans the carpet well , and I do n't have any complaints as of yet . It seems to be durable , as my maid uses more than myself and she is a bit rough with things , and it 's still all in one piece which is more than I can say about the last Hoover I bought -LRB- a different model nonetheless -RRB- . Not a bad buy in my experience thus far , but I would have to say that the life of this vacuum is more of concern to me thatn anything .
 I 've been using this vacuum for about a month now and it 's been doing a superb job . It 's able to remove the smallest dirt and debris tracked in by my dog . The vacuum works extremely well on my carpets and linoleum floors . So far I am very satisfied with this product . -LRB- The only downside is that the hose is a little too short and cleaning the HEPA filter can be quite messy . -RRB-
 I feel pretty much what others here feel about this vacuum cleaner -- it does the job at a reasonable price.There can be no doubt that Kirby remains the gold standard of vacuum cleaners since its composite materials are much sturdier than plastic and the vacuum-flow design keep the refuse out of the way of the motor itself . You ca n't get a better home cleaner , period . But they cost in the $ 1,000 s and most of us wo n't pay that much . So we look to Hoover , et al , to fill the need . This particular Hoover does that pretty durned well . I have had no mishaps with it and things work as expected . I will caution that this as other reports are made relatively soon after purchase . I have used this unit about 6 times and so it is still in the almost-new stage . But after 50 + runs I would as with other vacuum cleaners of a similar design and market niche to degrade in performance noticably , to the point where after about 300 runs , it can no longer function -LRB- that was in any case my experience with my previous vacuum cleaner -RRB- . Nonetheless for this class of cleaner , you could do much worse and pay more for it . I looked around and decided based on price , features , and these and other reviews to go with it , and at this time have no regrets .
 I bought this vacuum for my 91 year old mother who needed a vacuum that was easy to manuever but would still do a reasonable job at picking up dirt . We have tried the stick vacs and they just do n't do a good job at cleaning . Her first comment was `` This vacuum practically drives itself '' . She loves it ! The vacuum has a power boost switch that is supposed to increase the power of the vacuum but I could n't find any real benefit from this . The height adjustments are hard to move but she has the same carpet throughout her apartment so that is not an issue . It does not have a bare floor switch .
 This vacuum does an excellent job at cleaning carpets at all carpet heights . The headlight on the front really helps in the dark corners . This vacuum also does an excellent job on my bare floors . The hose attachment has really good suction which I am totally impressed with . The only feature I do not like about the vacuum is cleaning the filter . I suppose one could chose not to clean it but then you would have to buy a new filter more often . All-in-all this vacuum was an excellent buy .
 We have carpet everywhere except the kitchen/bathroom and we have a dog that sheds a LOT and it gets it up with no problem . Easy to use and easy to clean/empty . I 'm glad I tried this before buying one of the $ 300-500 dollar vacs . This is all I will need and for the price I would buy another one if this one does n't last a while . Have n't used attachments or on floors yet .
 I 'm pleased with it overall.It 's a bit heavy though , and yes , you will have to clean/empty it often -LRB- I thought that it would not concern me since we have a one bedroom , but yet it does , probably because it 's hoovering much better than my previous hoover vaccuum -RRB- . That being said there are things for which it does n't work . My husband plays soccer and brings tiny bits of plastic from the soccer field in the appartment and the vacuum wo n't pick it up , which is very annoying .
 This is a fantastic value for the price . I had purchased a $ 400 Kenmore canister vac and ended up taking it back because it did n't meet my expectations . This vacuum is 1/4 the price and works a million times better than the Kenmore . I would recommend this to a friend !
 our old hoover was just too heavy and bulky to push around anymore . we wanted a lighter vacuum that was still good on carpet . we thought of oreck , but they are absurdly overpriced and never do well when tested by consumer places . this hoover fits our need perfectly . we have a lot of carpet and this macchine JUMPS forward and almost pulls itself . it cleans well ; the tools work well . the only reason we did n't give it five stars is because it is a little pain to empty and clean the filter each time . not too bad , and a small price to pay for good cleaning and an extremely easy vacuum to use and store . this machine works as advertised .
 This is an outstanding product . I 've went through a lot of vacuum cleaners , both expensive and inexpensive , and this is by far THE BEST . Forget $ 499 Dyson `` never lose suction '' crap - this baby does the job as well as Dyson did . Cleans well smooth floors and carpets!The only con i have for this is - Hush mode isnt really that hush , but lets face it , its a vacuum cleaner , you cant expect to vacuum the floors with a sleeping baby in the room .
 I JUST LOVE THIS VAC . I HAPPEN TO SEE THIS IN COMSUMER REPORTS , THEN HAPPEN TO SEE IT ON AMAZON FOR SUCH A GREAT PRICE , PLUS FREE SHIPPING.I LOVE IT . IT IS LIGHT AND EASY TO HANDLE . I LOVE THAT I DONT HAVE TO BUY BAGS WHICH SAVES ME LOTS OF MONEY !!!!! IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT VAC . AT A SMALL PRICE . THIS IS THE ONE !!
 The biggest plus for me is this vacuum came totally assembled ! I am a disaster area assembling even the most basic of appliances , so that alone made me look very favorably at this machine . As someone who does a very basic job of vacuuming three times a week in my home , this model really does the job . Moves smoothly , picks up everything in its path , and is not too heavy so I can lug it up the steps -LRB- 28 in all -RRB- to clean each carpeted step without too much bother or effort -LRB- many attachments are provided but I havent used any and rarely have in the past -RRB- . The only downside is the dirt cup which has to be emptied ... as many have posted , it can be a pain getting it back in properly , but it is no more difficult or time consuming then replacing a vacuum bag . Still , it should be easier , as that is a real time waster . But with free shipping - this is the one to buy .
 This is a very good vacuum ... It is identical to U5262-90 . Despite being very powerful , It shares the same problems of 900 . . The unit needs to be cleaned , after each use . !!! A real pain !! Further when you empty the dust cup , i put a plastic bag over it , and take it outside of my home so i dont spread dust , inside it ... I use a long narrow brush to clean the hepa filter ... This takes about 10 minutes or less ... So as with the 910 . The suction is fantastic . . It picks up cat hair quite well ... If you willing to put up with the filter cleaning , and spending 20 minutes to vacuum , and 10 minutes , to clean it , its a good deal ... The unit is a real pain , but great for cleaning !!! This is a tough call ... I conditionally recommend the 910 ...
 I really like this machine for the job it does , it picks up Everything !! BUT i find i have to empty it after everytime i use it , and after about the 3rd use , i have to clean the filter , and everything completely or it starts to emit an odor in the air of stinky dust ... lol I know that sounds silly , but it is true , the filter needs to be cleaned thoroughly after every 3rd-or 4th use or is will smell . I have priced out new filters for it , and the cheapest i can get them for is $ 30.00 at canadian tire . This would be expensive , if i had to keep buying replacement filters . I got this as a gift for Christmas , and it really does do a good job , BUT it makes a lot of work afterwards taking it apart and cleaning the canister and filter .
 I am very impressed with this Vacuum . I 've never had a Vacuum cleaner that picked up so much dust and debris . I was surprised when I used it the first time around . I could not believe , my living-room was so dirty . It does a great job and gets to the bottom of the carpet and pulls out fine dust and small hair ! I think this also has the wall-hugging technology/feature , as I have noticed it picking up small stuff from the corners ... unlike my old vacuum . This is a much stronger and better machine than my old Bissell . I have always preferred Hoover over Bissell . And I could not wait to get the new EmPower as soon as my Bissell died on me.EmPower is great but it needs cleaning after each use !!! Which for me , is not a big deal ; I just take it outside , empty the dust container in the trash bin and wash it ... takes only a minute to do that . Also the HEPA filter requires a little bit of cleaning . I slowly tap the filter from the rim and clean it with a paper towel and put it back together . I agree , it 's a little messy , but I can deal with my hands being dusty for a few minutes , rather than dusty rooms !! The Hush Button is USELESS , it does not make much of a difference in the noise level . The power surge feature could come handy , I guess - no comments , as I have not used it ! The Vaccum is very well built , but I am not very happy with the accessories , they are made of cheap plastic , you would think , a brand like Hoover would be have given good quality accessories too ?? !! hmmm ... not really ! Overall this is a very good product . I think it 's an imitation of Dyson for much less . And I give it a FIVE-STAR rating . Go for it , if you can spare a few minutes of cleaning after each use ... if cleaning is not an option for you - then NO Bagless Vacuum would serve the purpose as all Bagless Vacuums require some amount of cleaning .
 I bought this vacuum after reading so many confusing reviews that I thought I should write one myself.I paid 99 bucks for it at Sears and for that much I have to say it is a great machine . It collected so much dust off my carpet that I was disgusted.I have only used it 10 times so my review might change in the future but for now I give it 5 stars.Yes it has minor problems , like the power cord being in the way of the hose and little things like that . But for me what really matters is how well it cleans my carpet , how long it lasts and how easy it is to clean.BTW it is very easy to clean . I heard a lot of people complaining about cleaning this vacuum and I can not comprehend why.Bottom line it works great but if you are really picky buy a Dyson for 599.00
 We just received the vacuum today , and I was quick to sweep two rooms in my house . Listen , I am a clean freak , and clean the house multiple times a week . The last time these rooms were swept was about a week ago , and I COULD NOT BELIEVE HOW MUCH DUST AND HAIR AND OTHER nasty things came out of the carpet after 2 minutes sweeping !! Judging by the amount of things it picked up , and the lines it left on my carpet , I say this thing rocks for the money ! Yes , I had to take the filter outside to clean after one use , and others complained about that ... Those people need to get a grip ! The reason they 're cleaning the filter so often is because of all the dust and whatever that just came out of their carpet ! I agree that the design could have been better , but it 's a one hundred dollar vacuum , so I would say it 's a pretty good deal!One downside ... the black attachment rollers -LRB- which adjust the vacuum for bare floors , medium or high carpet -RRB- broke within the first 2 minutes of use , so I 'll have to see if it affects the performance . Ususally I have the vacuum on the lowest setting anyway for the best cleaning ! For those of you that need the adjustment setting , I am giving it 4 stars.Final summary
 In the first place I picked Hoover because of Consumer Reports , they have a lot of good things to say about most Hoover vacuums . To tell you the truth , I pick this one because it was just under one hundred dollars . I also picked it because it is a bagless , I just hate vacuums with bags . Well all I can say is that I am more than happy with this Vacuum . It has all the power you need plus some . It basically has a high and low speed which they call quite mode but basically it just cuts down on the power so it is a little more quite . But it also has a boost mode to give you even more power when you need it . The handle folds down which I like so it 's not in the way when I 'm trying to get something off the shelf . It is also very easy to clean . I would highly recommend this vacuum for anyone who is looking for a great vacuum at a cheap price who might be on a tight budget like we are . I almost for got one thing , the attachments when you need to use them work great.You just pull the hose off the front of the vacum put an attachment on the hose and you have just as much power as when you are using the vacuum , unlike my other vacuum which was like half the power . It also has a mini vacuum head for doing stairs and getting into tight places and works just as good as the vacuum , I could n't believe how well this attachment worked . Five STARS all the way !!!
 I received my vacuum last night and immediately put it to the test . I could n't believe the amount of cat hair and dust this unit sucked out of my carpet -- I had enough hair to make at least four cats ! Yes , you have to dump the container often -- but that means it is working ; get over it people . This is a small unit , perfect for an apartment or small house so it does n't have a huge dust cup capacity , but it is so easy to remove , dump and put back into place that it hardly slows me down -- and I have not had a problem with dust going everywhere ... The suction is outstanding ; between it and the roller it actually pulls the vacuum across the carpet . The 15-inch wide vacuum head is a little big in tight spaces , but speeds up cleaning in larger ones . This is also the quietest vacuum I have owned , which my cats and neighbors appreciate . All in all , this is a solid unit so far , and a great buy at this price -- I am very pleased .
 I was n't sure what to expect since I had never used this style vacuum cleaner before , but I was pleasantly surprised . The price was a bargain , the suction was better than my standard Hoover , and it was easy to use . The only drawback was emptying it . But I think after a few more times , I 'll get the hang of it . Definitely a deal !
 This is a really cute replica of the Bosch compact mixer . It has a series of lights that come on when different speeds are set . The beater turns and sounds like a real mixer . The arm of the mixer swings up so the bowl can be removed and the beater can be taken out and put back in like the real thing . It is made of plastic so I would restrict its use to a child 3 or older or one who takes care of their toys . This is a definite `` must have '' for a play kitchen .
 This stand was easy to assemble and is sturdy . Holds record player well and many records .
 When having a lobster or crab dinner these are a must have . Easy to use and easy clean up . Supurb quality .
 If you do n't care about show , these industrial looking butter warmers are great . Slight problem is the flame may be a little too close to the bowls , so fill bowls well , a little instead of a lot will turn your butter to ghee .
 These are a got ta have . Not only for lobster or crab , but for steamed mussels and clams to keep the butter and broth hot . I even use them for bernaise sauce or any other sauce I want to keep hot .
 Purchased two sets as gifts - perfect because they look nice on the table and you do n't have to worry about breaking them like the ceramic ones
 the shipping took a little longer than i would have liked , but i was very pleased with the quality of this set . i looked all over for a set of these and hesitantly bought these since they were cheap . im glad i did . would highly recommend to anyone
 This is awesome . You pop it in the oven at 350 for 10 minutes -LRB- I think , just check the packaging for sure -RRB- and it will sit in the bottom of your bread basket to keep the bread warm . It works , it 's cute , and it does n't take up much space - just slightly larger than a deck of cards .
 Gave this to my daughter as a newlywed gift . It is cute , practical and they love it . I just might get one for myself .
 We leave our frying pan on the stove but of late the cat has developed an obsession with licking it ... which is a little gross . Also , the boyfriend likes to cook but apparently ca n't actually see grease splatters from all his bacon and eggs that coats the stovetop because he never cleans it up.So this was a solution for both ... and it mostly works ! Boyfriend likes it as it makes the pan `` cook more evenly '' he claims , cat licks the top of this instead -LRB- still gross , but less so -RRB- . It fits the frying pan we have well -LRB- 111/2 in -RRB- . No warping after several weeks of cooking ... nice solid feel.Only two complaints :1 -RRB- The top of the lid gets really greasy -LRB- on the outside -RRB- . I do n't know if this is because the cooking grease oozes out the pores ? Solved by dishwasher however .2 -RRB- There is no indication that I can see to tell whether or not the black plastic knob is oven safe . I 'm going to guess not , but some plastic is and gee it would be nice to know ! Plastic keeps it cool enough to touch however.On the whole quite acceptable .
 This is a very good cover to keep on hand . It 's not bulky when storing and can easily fit inside the dishwasher . The small vents that are interspersed throughout help keep the moisture from building up . It would get 5 stars if it were 12 '' across . Being smaller , the lid rests on the inside edge of my 12 '' skillet vs. resting on the top edge . Still okay , but an extra 1/2 inch would be better . It 's perfect for my smaller skillets .
 This lid works really well for those pots or pans that did n't come with a lid . We use it mostly for steaming things in the frying pans and its versatile size works great . It is a good weight of stainless steel as well .
 As in marriage , there is a pot for every lid , this is the lid for every pot . Had mine a year now , washes up easily , heavy , durable , dishwasher able , works well with it 's steam vents and no more clutter , get two or three and toss out every other lid in the kitchen .
 This cover is just the thing . We have several large skillets that have no matching lids . Other `` almost fit '' lids resulted in condensation dripping onto the glass stove top . This one fit well and no drips . Good solution to a small by pesky problem .
 I got 4 Eminem pictures in my room . 2 are posters -LRB- one is this one -RRB- and I got two framed pictures of Eminem in my room . This poster is tied for first for my favorite poster/picture . This picture shows Eminem and Slim Shady at the same time . I just looked up to this poster on my wall and it 's just great . It 's a great , cool looking poster . I love it .
 this amazing posteri had when i was 17 years oldand it was amazing to wake up every morning and open my eyes and see himi had it on my ceiling right on top of my bedits a legendand a great way to remember that he has been around for a long timei was at the UP in smoke tour and the anger managment tour
 I 've used a wooden meat pounder for too many years and was never satisfied with the results . This meat pounder is just great . Be careful the first time you use it ! It produces great results very quickly .
 I love this product . I had been using a mallet type meat pounder in the past and when I finished my wrist would be sore . I saw this type of product being used on several cooking programs and decided to get one . Amazon.com had it at a good price and the reviews were mostly good so I bought one . I used it the weekend after I received it to pound out chicken breasts for Chicken Kiev . It works beautifully ! It takes much less effort than my old mallet type and my wrist was not sore when I finished . This solid stainless steel pounder is not cheap but it should last at least the rest of my lifetime and probably will continue to be used by one of my children when I am gone .
 I like it for pork and chicken cutlets . my DH does n't like it as well as the old fashioned one with teeth . It 's hefty , so I make sure I have it in a steady grip before I pick it up . I find it less messy than the one with the teeth . I just put a piece of wax paper or plastic over the meat and that keeps the splatter from going everywhere . Flat pounder = no shredded paper/plastic to pick off the meat .
 Easy to clean . Good weight for pounding cutlets of any type to even thickness . Looked a long time to get the right one , and this one is perfect .
 Perfect ! Well worth the few extra dollars . Washes in dishwasher great . No seams . Very little effort to flatten meat .
 It is just the right weight and easy to handle . Excellent quality . Received it as a Christmas gift and could n't wait to use it . Have used it on chicken and pork and worked great . I love using it .
 Once you use this you 'll never want to use a `` hammer '' type pounder again.I makes very quick work of flattening meat , even thick tough meat . In fact you have to get used to it so you do n't overdo it in one huge whack!Cleans in seconds because it 's one piece.They have the edges shaped just right so they do n't catch.Not cheap , but very nice and I 'm sure it will last forever .
 Excellent ! The shape and weight of this make it the perfect tool for pounding out meats . I find there is more control than with the traditional hammer style pounders .
 This is a very beautiful and well designed product . The quality is great . I love it and recommand to everyone who needs this product .
 This was a gift , so I have not used it personally . The feedback from the user is that it is so much easier on the wrist than the hammer type and does an excellent job of pounding chicken breasts to the right thickness . It is much easier to store than the handle type . This was an item that Emeril showed on one of his cooking shows and he endorses it .
 The weight alone of this meat pounder makes the job twice as easy . It 's comfortable and easy to grip .
 This is one helluva meat pounder . Nice grip and weight.Cleans easily as it is all one piece with no seams.Looks like it will last a very long time .
 This is a pretty heavy meat pounder which makes working with it all the better . It looks great and is extremely easy to clean since its all one piece . The only thing I would change about it is that the sides are a little to verticle for my taste , it would be better if they sloped more thus reducing the chance of tearing .
 I ordered this meat pounder 1-2 years ago and it still looks brand new -LRB- has been washed in the dish washer everytime -RRB- . The 2.2 lbs weight makes flattening chicken breasts very quick . I do n't like the pounders with `` teeth '' to tenderize because they tear the chicken or at least the papertowel I always place on top of the chicken before pounding it . It makes a good lid weight when cooking rice to make sure none of the steam escapes ... and it 's SO pretty . I think I only paid around $ 20.00 for it back then .
 Heavy enough but not too heavy . I recommend placing the meat between sheets of clear plastic then spraying or sprinkling with water to allow the tenderizer to slide out as you strike .
 I 'm a retired Chef , but still have my hand in the kitchen . I had an old meat ponder that had a wooden handle on it ; and was about 2 lb . I had it for years . The handle on it screwed into the plate . Well the screw broke . I looked around and found for a new one and could n't find a heavy one . They where all 1 or 1 lbs . Then a friend told me to check on Amazon.com , I did and I found one that was 2 pounds . I ordered it and had it in a few days . And it 's just what I needed and wanted . It works well and easy to keep clean.Chef , John Murgo -LRB- Cooking and Cursing Video 's -RRB-
 I pounded out chicken breasts into cutlets and was amazed at the ease of the task and the control I had . I 've used meat pounders before with a long horizontal handle and much prefer this design . I think it is a great purchase .
 This is a finely crafted kitchen tool . I use it mostly to flatten chicken breasts for grilling . I found it works well for other cutlet preparation as well.The construction is solid , with no groves or other surface breaks that can harbor bacteria . It is easy to clean.Workmanship is such that it could be an object of art.It 's heavy enough that you let the tool do the job , you do not have to pound . You merely drop your hand . The ergonomics are great
 MIU 3600 meat pounder
 This pounder is fantastic . I used it to evenly pound chicken for chicken breast coated in panko crumbs and they turned out wonderful . The pounder takes almost no effort to use and my family thought that I was the greatest cook ever . Love the product .
 It took me some time to find a neutral soup spoon . I have wedding china from my mother , traditional white Athena , which I have to blend into my decor , which is a lot of chunky bricks and raw leather , with eastern influence from zen buddhism . The spoons are sturdy and a breeze to hand wash . Porcelain is great to work with plant medicines , sprouts , and infusions . No metal or porous materials to gamble on purity .
 Well made , simple but is great for what it was designed for . A cook at our cafe could not do a decent job of slicing onions or tomatoes . Enter this tool and problem solved .
 I had seen this kitchen gadget -LRB- tool -RRB- and wanted it for slicing tomatoes without crushing them and for slicing onions . Onions are very difficult to slice all the way to the end . I have searched for this item for quite a while now . After a thorough search at Wal-mart , without success , I turned to the many walls of kitchen tools at BB&B. ; Again , no success . So , again I turned to the internet . I found it several places , but Amazon had the quality I was looking for and the best price.The transaction was very smooth and the delivery was prompt.I have not used it as of yet , but am very pleased with the quality of this kitchen tool .
 I CA N'T RATE THIS SINCE I HAVE NOT REC . THEM YET BUT I WILL LET YOU KNOW . MY PEPPERS ARE GROWING FAST AND I WANT TO JAR THEM
 I used this wonderfully shaped jar to make homemade bath salts for christmas ! Wrapped it with a bow added a name tag and it was a hit !
 I purchased these jars to put homemade candy into for Christmas gifts . They made a nice presentation and the shape was perfect for the peppermint bark that I was putting into them . I have a few left that I will use for some apple butter .
 I just had to have these jars for their beauty . Canned chicken in them and I smile every time I open my cabinets . I also love how loud the &#34; ping &#34; sounds . It startled me every time one sealed ! It would n't be practical to can everything in this brand of jars , but you need to splurge on a few ... Canning is hard work and a little splurge is worth it .
 Excellent canning jars ! The shape is different and attractive . I have used the one cup jars for years , and this year used the two cup jars .
 The jars arrived safely and look very pretty on the shelf with my homemade jelly.Thanks
 These jars are better than I expected and are gorgeous filled with pickles or jam . When the jars seal they make a loud thunk sound that makes me jump every time . The lids are the same size as your standard wide mouth jars , so you can use these jars again and again for canning without special ordering Leifheit lids . I have given my preserves as gifts in these jars and everyone loves them !
 I was looking for a preserving jar that would transcend the old pints and show off brandied peaches , pears and this seasons pickles with novelty . At the same time I wanted to avoid some of the pitfalls of some creative European designs -- jars , sealing rubbers and lids that are difficult to keep sterile in the canning process and lids that require something odd sized be purchased for reuse.These Leifheit jars have a great look ! They draw many comments and compliments and the lids can be replaced for the next canning cycle by common stock sold most anywhere .
 I wanted a jar that was worthy of gift giving . My sister-in-law taught me how to make plum jam this summer and I thought it would make great Christmas gifts . I chose these jars for their unique shape and charm . I was not disappointed when they arrived . A bit of raffia or ribbon tied around the lid with a homemade tag attached and you have a thoughtful and charming gift .
 Works just like every other canning jar you 've ever had . The neat shape makes it stand out on your shelf and may actually make it easier to scrape out all of the contents .
 While expensive compared to the usual Ball offerings , the Leifheit jars feel more substantial and more like a gift when filled.I would never use these if I were making a huge batch of chutney or apple sauce but for cranberry relish around the holidays , they look terrific .
 The odd shape is the only feature worth commenting on.The color of the glass is slightly greenish , instead of crystal-clear .
 This a good , modernistic storage box that is useful and stylish . I 've never tried to figure out how many CDs the box can hold , but it has got be more than 50 . The only problem I have with it is that if the CD is in a jewel box - even a minimalist one , it will not fit in the box and has to be put in at an angle , limiting the number you can store . If you use it for backup CDs or Music CDs and put them in paper CD holders , then they 'll fit in the box.Can be used store other things if you like to decorate in ` high tech ' style .
 The boxes were exactly as I expected . They are sturdy and stackable in the position illustrated . Despite what some of the reviews say , CD jewel cases fit fine . The only changes/addition I would like is for them to be stackable with the opening to the side and to be divided into three sections . That would make them perfect for the way I 'm using them .
 I have been re-doing my kitchen drawers and cabinets and saw this CD storage bin . I got 2 of them , and even though the photo shows the silver mesh and the title says black mesh , I only looked at the photo . Does n't matter because the black mesh is just as nice as the silver!I used these 2 bins to store a lot of my baking products . I bake a lot , so my cabinets are full of nuts , coconut , chocolate , white chocolate chips and all kids of goodies . I was just stacking them . Now that I have these , ALL of my items fit perfectly in both !! Now I have more cabinet space for other stuff.I think these are made well - they 're strong mesh , not the flimsy metal/mesh in a lot of stores . For the price - it 's well worth it - IMO!I have n't tried to put any CD 's in these so I ca n't rate this item for that . But I can say these are not just for CD 's !
 I do n't know what these other reviewers are talking about . Even my old 80s-style full-sized jewel boxes fit perfectly in these mesh baskets . I have the black ones - it would be hard to believe the silver ones are of different dimensions , although I suppose anything is possible.The basket will hold 25 full-sized CDs , but if they 're CDs you use a lot you 'll want to limit it to 23 or 24 so that you can tilt and remove them easily . Straight up and down for storage and 25 are no problem . There 's extra frame tubing welded around the bottom , which both increases strength and durability , and also raises the basket slightly off the surface , making it seem even more finished . You can get a little bit of a sense of that in the pic . A really nice CD holder for the price .
 Good service -- and these terrific CD holders are hard to find now . So glad I found this supplier . Hope they keep them in stock .
 I like these spoons . They are a bit big and thick , but they have held up well . I wanted some nylon utensils that I could use with my non-stick cookware so it did n't get damaged . These fit the bill . They are just a bit oversized .
 These spoons are great . I love the size and they do not stain
 The spoons are great for mixing and cooking with . They are nice and sturdy and even have a little bit of weight to them for added strength .
 These are my favorite mixing spoons . I 've had them for a couple of years now and they are still in perfect condition . I use them for everything . Love them .
 These spoons are great . They do n't melt and they do n't discolor . The longer spoon 's handle is almost absurdly long -- I ca n't imagine a pot that deep -- but it 's no problem .
 I bought these back when I started culinary school after our first sauce lesson -LRB- almost 2 years ago as of this posting -RRB- when I realized the lone heat-resistant spoon that came with our knife kit was n't going to cut it when working on multiple sauces at once.I honestly ca n't think of a single bad thing to say about these spoons ! I use them EVERY DAY , and they 've held up superbly . Just to list some of the things I love about these spoons : + The color 's very pleasing to the eye * + The lengths are great for a variety of tasks + These guys are easy to clean ! They even stand up remarkably to scour pads ** + VERY heat resistant ! **** Also , it 's easy to distinguish from all of my classmates ' spoons ; equipment often gets lost/misplaced/accidentally acquired since we all received identical kits ** By easy to clean , I mean they 're REALLY easy to clean ! Most stuff wo n't stick to them for very long AND since the spoons are one solid piece with no nooks or crannies , there 's nowhere for gunk to get trapped in . *** Heat RESISTANT , not heat-proof ! I did manage to damage the tip of one of the spoons a bit when aggressively stirring a sauce in a saute pan
 These spoons are awesome . They never melt , they are very durable , and they are a great size . My wife an I use them for making juice , sauces , and even everyday meals .
 This one was a no brainer , I 'm in Pastry school and I ca n't stand to look like everyone else , they gave of those boring tools and I need some life when I bake , color so I brought these along with a colorful scale so I 'm not like anyone else in the school and trust me they noticed it , I 'm the only one in the school with these.Thanks
 I ordered a set of these spoons last year , and the color matches the picture - dark blue . I recently ordered another set and the color of the new set is aqua blue , not the same blue as pictured . I do really like the spoons though - very sturdy and easy to clean .
 These are the best plastic spoons that I have ever used . They are very heat resistant . I would have given them a 5-star rating , but I do n't like the new shade of blue . Stains will show on these spoons . The dark blue spoons which is what I ordered in November and thought I was getting this order are great .
 I ordered three different spoons to use with my non-stick cookware . These are by far , the best . I like the spoons to be sturdy and non-flexible . These are great !
 I use these on a daily basis in a professional kitchen in lieu of a wooden spoon . These are great , the high temperature nylon stands up to a hot saute pan , and the two sizes are extremely useful when working with a large stockpot or rondeaux , down to a small saucepan where a 15 '' spoon would be unwieldy . Runs through a commercial dishwasher just fine , and I am the only one with blue spoons so far . -LRB- Maybe not after this review - everyone else should get the red ones ! -RRB- I ordered a second set because they are so useful to have around . MIU makes killer products .
 I got them for my sister in law and she just loves them . She said they hold up well with the heat
 Pleased with the spoons although the handles are long so you have to be careful that you do n't bump them especially if you have it in the pan . I would be careful around small kids .
 Much nicer than wooden spoons , clean very easily . My husband is the cook in the family , and he pronounced them `` sturdy , I hate flimsy spoons '' and said `` These are the best I 've used '' . There is n't a higher rating , believe me .
 I can get two long-handled wooden cooking spoons at the local WalMart for 97 cents . In fact , I have a pair that I bought years back , and they are fine for stirring stuff in non-stick pots and pans , as well as for stirring lemonade mix , etc. , in a pitcher . But when I use one to stir oatmeal on the stove , washing the oatmeal off the spoon is a chore . The oatmeal sticks to the spoon and I ca n't get it off without applying elbow grease.Oatmeal rinses right off the MIU spoon -LRB- I use the smaller one for oatmeal - the large one would be good if one was preparing oatmeal for a small army -RRB- . In addition , I like how these spoons look -LRB- I like primary colors -RRB- , I like their weight - they have some heft - and because I have big hands , I like the fact that their handles are fairly thick . I once broke a wooden spoon stirring something -LRB- it may have been cookie mix , I do n't remember -RRB- . I imagine it would it would be very difficult to break one of these spoons that way.They do n't scratch non-stick pots and pans , and they do n't stain.I probably wo n't get too much use out of the larger of the two spoons - it is VERY large - but it will come in handy if I 'm ever making a BIG pot of chili or stew , etc. . If I could 've bought the smaller one on its own I would 've , but c'est la vie .
 This is a great product ; brighter blue color as pictured , deep scoops , and long handles . Have cleaned by hand and dishwasher , no issues .
 I bought these because of the price . When I received them , I was shocked at how sturdy the are ! I was expecting them to be extremely flimsy and cheap . But this is one instance where I can say , I got more than I paid for ! The material they are made from is very thick . The shorter spoon is perfect for anytime use , the longer spoon is longer than I expected but it is perfect to use when making sauces . I have no complaints and am very happy that I bought them .
 Liked the first set so much that after we moved and I came up one spoon short ... I immediately went to Amazon and purchased another set ... wo n't be without them , versitle , can use with all my pots and pans ... cast iron , Le Creuset and teflon coated .
 This product is excellent . Thank God for MIU , where have you been . These spoon are great and the spatulas are even better . Get more peoducts from this company . Jay
 These heavy duty spoons are great for mixing dough and batter , for browning and breaking down ground beef and stirring stews and sauces . Yes , they discolor slightly when stirring sauces and the like , but they are `` working '' spoons and you can count on them to hold up for you . They are great for scraping the bottom of your stainless steal and cast iron pans . They also clean up very easily , grease does n't even seem to cling as with other cooking spoons.They are big spoons , but it 's one of the factors that make them great for the heavy duty jobs . The larger spoon has a noticeably thick handle and you may find yourself `` fisting '' it when using it , but you will have confidence that it will stand up to any pressure you put on it . And the extra long handle is great for scraping the bottom of tall pitchers -LRB- such as the 4 quart Tupperware pitcher -RRB- and deep pots . The smaller one is much more manageable , but feels just as tough.It is possible to damage these spoons - IF you are foolish enough to expose them directly to high heat for an extended time , like me . I have a tendency to turn on the front burner when attempting to heat water in the kettle on the back burner . On one of those occasions I had my cast iron flat pan on the front burner with the smaller spoon sitting on it . The spoon was exposed to possibly 10 minutes of the highest heat -LRB- the pan 's food remains were black and smoldering -RRB- and the spoon suffered an ugly divot where it was in direct contact with the pan . But it appears to have left nothing behind on my pan . The handle that was in contact with the edge of the pan was fine and the damage that was done did not spread beyond the contact point.I rarely give anything `` top '' stars -LRB- nothing 's perfect , right ? -RRB- . Since they are bulky and can stain -LRB- slightly -RRB- , that 's reason enough for me to not give 5 stars.Still , I like these so much , I just ordered another set.Update
 I ordered these because they would go in the dishwasher . I do not like to put wooden spoons through because they dry out and crack . These work well , have not melted at all , and seem to come clean very easily.The only reason I did not give these a 5 star rating is that the larger spoon is * really big * and has a very thick handle . I still use it when I use my large soup pot , but I find the small size is much handier .
 I was looking for a large spoon that was heat resistant and strong enough to stir large pots of thick soups and sauces . These spoons are terrific .
 I purchased this spoon set by accident as I was looking for silicone utensils . Both spoons are even better than I had hoped and I will most likely get another set soon to set aside just in case something happens to the first two . They are made of a very hard plastic and are sturdy as all heck , but you never know . I use them mostly for stirring stuff like soup -LRB- I make huge pots -RRB- , stews , and oatmeal , and they have not failed me . The handle of the big one is long enough to reach the bottom of the soup pot with room to spare , and the basin is deep and holds about 1/4 cup liquid . Not bad for a spoon . Obviously , I highly recommend this product .
 I am very satisfied with this purchase . It works very well and the many spaces make cutting the meat so easy
 Product was well received , Great quality , fair priced , wonderful aid when carving , A item for every kitchen.It would be a wonderful item , as a gift .
 These spoons are used almost every day in my kitchen . They are so adaptable to many uses and I find I use them more than any others . The large spoon is perfect for making soups while the small one has been used in so many things that I have lost count .
 These spoons are durable , easy to use and extremely stiff . They are ideal for mixing even the thickest of doughs . Good buy .
 I hate wooden spoons . These are soooo much better . As someone else said , they are a bit on the pink side rather than true red , but that dose n't hurt the performance a bit . Dishwasher safe and much more sanitary than wood .
 These spoons seem to be a good quality . Very sturdy . But , they are described as Red and they are most certainly not Red . They are a PINK . Keep that in mind .
 These spoons are heavy duty and good quality . They stand up to being left inside a pot while it 's on the stove . My only complaint is that the color is pink and not red . My husband definitely made a comment about this and said he wo n't be using these . Other than the color being misrepresented , these are good utensils .
 I owned one of these spoons until it fell onto the heating coil of a dishwasher -LRB- and amazingly was still in useable , albeit slightly deformed , shape -RRB- . These replacements are great but the handle is much thicker than my original -LRB- probably 1/2 '' vs 1/3 '' -RRB- . Not a negative but different than I was used to .
 These spoons are very strong and sturdy.I 'm only giving them 4 stars because they are pink ... not red .
 Sturdy , colorful and probably more sanitary than using wooden spoons . I 've used it on a non-stick skillet ... no scratches . I will use them in lieu of all of my wooden spoons .
 These mixing spoons have become the go-to items for mixing / stiring in all types of fry and sauce pans . Easy to clean as we simply throw them onto the top rack of the dishwasher .
 These mixing spoons are perfect . They are solid , heat-stable and well made . When I have a small batter that needs to be hand mixed I reach for these spoons without fail . The longer spoon is perfect for stirring a soup pot and they are heat-stable so you do n't have to worry about burning your hands . I have the blue and red set . Great items for any cooking enthusiast .
 these spoons are great ! they come in the perfect two sizes to stir things with and they clean up very easily . they are so durrable and comfortable to grip , i love them !
 I 've been searching for a worthy replacement for my Ultratemp cooking spoons and these spoons come close . They are very sturdy and you can easily stir stiff batters and the like with them.I wish the bowls of the spoons were a bit deeper as they are quite shallow.Other than that , these spoons are about as close as you are going to get to my well loved Ultratemp spoons .
 These spoons are acceptable ; they get the job done . It 's great that they 're red so I do n't have to worry about stains from red sauces . However , I was n't expecting them to be quite so thick . I found the $ 1 white spoons at Wal-Mart to be a bit more ergonomic , but naturally those get stains . If you 're just looking for a decent red spoon , this ought to do it for you .
 These are a great addition to your kitchen for those of you who LOVE red , as I do and are looking for an alternative to wood . They do n't scratch your non-stick surfaces and are great sizes . The small one is a perfect size for me and the larger one my husband loves because it was made for larger hands with larger diameter and scooping . Anyhow , for their price I feel they are worth it . They have held up great in the top rack of the dishwasher and with their darker color , do n't hold stains . They are super heat resisitant , as my son left one in the saucepan while he was `` helping '' me cook , unknown to me , and it never melted at all . A must have ... they have it in blue too .
 * Update February 2013 * I 've had these over 5.5 years , still love them . The red color has dulled only a little on the heaviest use areas of the spoons , where I tend to scrape the spoon against the mixing bowl to get excess dough off of it . None of the plastic/nylon has peeled off at all . In my original review I forgot to mention that I wash these in the dishwasher , top rack . * Original review * I purchased these in October 2007 . 3 years later , they still look great , like new . No bits of plastic/nylon peeling off or anything . Do note , however , that I do n't leave the spoons resting on the bottom of a hot skillet or anything while I go off and do other things in the kitchen ... . if I 'm not actively stirring something , I rest the spoon on a plate off to the side of the stove . Taking care of them this way has probably helped them look new all this time.I got the red color spoons -LRB- I think MIU also makes these in blue ? -RRB- , thinking that if the material stains at all from tomato sauces , it would n't be as visible . But I do n't think the material accepts stains . I make spaghetti sauce and tomato-based chili frequently and there 's no color variation on the spoons to suggest staining . * thumbs up * Good quality material that they used . They 're attractive , have a solid feel to them , and are all around well made . I 'd buy them again in a heartbeat .
 I bought this set several years ago for my wife . She loves them . They show a little bit of discoloration , but they get used on a daily basis , sometimes more than once , so that 's expected . These spoons are everything but puppy proof , which is why I 'm getting a second set . I 'm really happy to have found the exact set again . Now if Amazon had 2 hour shipping ...
 These spoons are so nice . The strength is a nice change from all those wooded spoons I 've used over the years . The red color is perfect for my kitchen too . My wooden spoons are now in the trash .
 I keep these right by my stove . Very handy , and a deep enough bowl that they can actually be used for serving , too . They are a bit more pink than I had anticipated , but they work fabulously .
 I really could n't downgrade this spoon for anything . It 's a simple product that fulfills its function perfectly . Unlike a wooden spoon , this one wo n't split , crack or absorb anything . It 's light , very tough and quite heat resistant . The material is thick and does n't bend . I 've bought several of these over the years in large and small sizes and they 're all in great shape . Very minor discoloration to show that they 've actually been in use , but no deterioration at all . I 'm puzzled about the comments regarding color . I 've got red and blue ones and the red ones are dark red , exactly as the product image illustrates -- not pink . In any case , I recommend this spoon with confidence and think it should be in every kitchen .
 These spoons are great . They have the heft of a wooden spoon and , to me , they feel very similar . They do not stain , you can throw them in the dishwasher and you can safely soak them if something gets dried/caked on . I plan to buy another set and put the rest of my wooden spoons out to pasture .
 These were a great way to replace my old wooden mixing spoons , Now I do n't worry about splinters or bacteria !
 These Nylon mixing spoons are the only ones I use anymore . I like that they do n't stain , hold liquids , soak up grease , nor absorb anything that could possibly lead to grounds for bacteria development . I love that these are dishwasher safe and color perfect .
 As my subject says , this is a nice looking stainless steel napkin holder , matching perfectly with other stainless steel appliances in modern kitchens . Good built quality .
 This stainless napkin holder is heavy , sturdy and stylish . It does the job well and looks great on the table .
 Not only is this napkin holder good looking , sturdy and holds a lot of napkins , but it does not take up a lot of room on the counter . Also , since it is out all the time , my grandchildren have easy access to it .
 the design which includes the heavy weight bar was somewhat of an obstacle in retrieving the napkins . I returned this item .
 I thought this set was great for the price and a good starter set . I had these knives a couple of years ago and have since upgraded to the Wusthof Classic . The Silverpoint knives are lighter and `` flimsier '' than the professional lines for a reason - the cheaper knives are stamped by machine , mostly made in China . The professional knives are made in Germany and the steel is forged , giving them the heavier , more balanced feel . You ca n't expect top of the line knives for $ 60 . If your biggest concern is price over quality , this set will serve you well enough until you are ready to shell out more for a better set .
 OK , the other reviewers are right - the knives are a little lightweight . However , they a extremely sharp and you really ca n't touch the quality for this price . I am very happy and think this set was a great value . No , they 're not Classic or Grand Prix , but it 's a fraction of the price and a lot better than you are going to get , say , in Target for this amount .
 The small one was broken when I rec 'd it . The larger one did n't work that great on my pocket knife but it seems reall good for my survival knife . So I would say it 's pretty decent .
 My husband has always wanted an apron to grill in , and this one is perfect . It is good quality and seller is a fast shipper .
 I ordered this item on Friday 2-22 and received it Saturday 2-23 ! I have never had such fast service in my life . The apron is exactly as described , very nicely made ! These people are fantastic , if only all amazon sellers could be like them = -RRB-
 The product was recieved in a timely manner . The item is of good quality .
 I bought this reasonably-priced product for my daughter , who is a server at a restaurant . She complained that the half-aprons provided by her employer are insufficient to guard her clothing from food splatter . She loves her new apron -- I let her choose the wording -- and is trying to talk all of the servers into buying one of these aprons . They 're perfect for the job !
 Its a cloth apron what else can you say . It arrived in the mail on time . It said what it was suppose to say . No problems , no worries with it .
 I bought this apron for my annual bbq and it was a huge hit , Every1 loved it and even my conservative mother thought it was funny . great buy
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 This product actually shipped from Home Decorators Collection , which is a company I trust . This rug , as well as a smaller one I also selected , covers a 19 ' x 20 ' bedroom balcony . Love the color and pattern . AZ summers are brutal , so I hope the rugs last a while .
 I needed two more pillows and this was on sale for one day at $ 21 for the pair which is comparable to the bargain price for pillows . Well , these turned out to be very comfortable pillows .
 This comforter set is great ... the light blue color is beautiful . i would get this again in another color as well .
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 In an outdoor market in Darjeeling , India , in 1966 , I was approached by a Tibetan wanting to sell me me a bell quite similar to this one . His price was reasonable enough , but I did not have the money to buy the bell , and on account of its beautiful resonating sound I have always regretted not bringing that bell home with me.When I found the Tibetan Prayer Bell for sale on Amazon at a little more than half of what I would have paid in 1966 for the bell I was offered in Darjeeling , I decided to buy it even though I had not heard it ring . I was not disappointed . This bell may be slightly smaller than the one I saw in 1966 , but it has deep , rich tones that go on and on and on . In fact , unless you 're hard of hearing as I am , the tones may overwhelm you.This bell is made in India and comes with a rather crude wooden handle that does not attach securely to the bell . The handle is dyed black , and the dye will slightly stain the hand of the holder . I recommend not using the wooden handle . You wo n't need it anyway . The metal handle is quite sufficient for holding and ringing the bell .
 I bought 2 of these chairs from Amazon for my formal living room and they arrived quickly . The free shipping was great too . The chairs are really good quality and very beautiful . The actual fabric is a very rich deep merlot color which I am very pleased about as it goes with todays fashionable colors as opposed to the brighter burgundy of the 90 's . They are large scale and very comfortable to sit in as well . The chairs arrived ready to assemble and it was very easy to do so . The instructions were easy to follow . I am very pleased with the overall value and quality of these chairs as well as the price and free shipping . I had been comparrison shopping for accent chairs both online and at furniture stores and similar chairs cost almost twice as much . I am VERY VERY happy with my purchase and I highly reccomend this item . I think that more customers would find this item and purchase it if it were in the correct catagory instead of listed in `` kitchen '' on the amazon site .
 These chairs are a lot darker and richer in color than the picture on Amazon leads you to believe -LRB- the picture looks overexposed -RRB- . The wood is dark walnut . These are not small , light chairs ; they are substantial , heavy and sturdy . The seating area is quite large with ample hip and leg room . Similar chairs in local furniture stores were up to twice this price making these an excellent value for us -LRB- esp with free shipping -RRB- . The assembly was n't too bad . Ca n't rate the durability as we just got them .
 I recommend this chair to anyone . It is very beautiful , and can accommodate a larger person . The colors are much ` richer ' in person and it is of very good quality . I would order another on if I did n't have so much other funiture to place in my home . You will not be disappointed .
 I purchased this chair for my mother who is having difficulty standing up after back surgery . The arms are very solid so she can push up and stand , and the chair is ample and stable . I have not seen it since I shipped it to my mother out of state . Her two comments were the color is more of a rich burgandy -LRB- I thought it was pink -RRB- and the assembly was quite time consuming . My brother had to purchase additional hardware to assemble since it was not included in the package . After hours of effort , the chair was assembled and now is quite useful to my mother . It is heavy , so it needs to be located in one place -LRB- she had hoped to use it at the dining room table also but it can not be lugged around easily -RRB- so she has it in her living room.Overall the quality , price and free shipping made this an attractive chair .
 The chair is a very rich , deep color in fabric and wood color . It looks very nice with my existing ox-blood leather , lighter brown leather furniture and dark wood tables . The cushioning is cormfortable , but firm . It is definitely not feather down soft . It is a little broader than I originally anticipated.Putting it together was fairly simple , but one of the pre-drilled holes for an arm was very slightly off . I 'm not certain if this will affect overall fit and finish for the long-term . My guess is that anyone without strong hands may find it slightly difficult to adequately tighten all of the screws with an allen wrench.Compared to chairs I 've seen and tested at quality furniture stores , it seems like a good value.The delivery was fast and without any problems . The package-tracking originated in North Carolina -LRB- which actually gave me some relief because I felt it would be better quality -RRB- .
 Beautiful chair . Nice fabric . The color is a deep burgundy , darker than shown in the picture . Nice quality wood , darker than shown in the picture . This is a tall chair . Fits large tall people easily . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 We love these chairs . Our family room needed more seating and I thought these chairs would look good and how right I was . The chairs required assembly , but my husband & I put both of them together in about 1/2 hour . The color is dark wine , which fits perfectly with our wine accent wall . The fabric is soft and the cushions are firm , but comfortable . Would recommend these chairs . A friend of mine thought they were expensive antiques .
 I had a lot of trouble assembling this chair until I hit upon the idea of using a clamp to bring the back of the chair and the seat together -LRB- step 1 of the assembling process -RRB- . After that , everything was straightforward , but still took over an hour for me . It looks nice assembled though .
 Love this chair very comfortable and a good size . The seat cushion is big . It was very easy to put together . But the 1st one I got the holes were n't drilled right . I called AMAZON , packed the chair back up , they came and picked it up and brought me a new one . Just a slight inconvience . No extra charge to me .
 A good sturdy down rod with very durable paint coat . Fit well with our Minka-Aire fan . Would most likely work with other brands .
 This is the first ice cream maker I 've ever owned or used . It works great and the resulting ice cream has turned out fabulous.The bowl freezes well and I 've never had a problem with the ice cream never getting cold enough . The motor is very quiet so you can run the machine during dinner or when you have company . Clean up is a snap . There are no weird parts or super delicate pieces to worry about.I 've made ice cream several times . I 've enjoyed recipes in the Williams Sonoma ice cream book , `` How to Cook Everything '' by Bittman and Gourmet 's cookbook . One note
 This is also my first automatic ice cream freezer , and I am glad I chose this one . You do need to follow the directions and pre-freeze the container . In fact , after using , I immediately wash the freezer bowl , dry it well , and stick it back in the freezer so it is ready to go when I want to use it . I store any leftover ice cream in another container . That is , if I am lucky enough to have leftovers!The unit is a snap to put together , use , and wash.It is reasonably quiet to use as well.I found tons of recipes on the internet . So far , our favorite has been orange sherbet . Yes , it is cheaper to buy commericial and you do need to keep ingredients on hand and chilled , but well worth the effort !
 Okay , so some of the plastic parts are n't confidence inspiring . Nevertheless , this contraption snaps together easily and securely and makes a fine quart or so of ice cream , gelato , sorbet , etc. .
 We have been delighted with the performance of this ice cream maker . Like most modern ice cream makers you do n't use ice and rock salt to do the freezing . The base -LRB- which must go empty in the freezer for 24 hours before you make a batch -RRB- does all the freezing all by itself . It takes about 30-45 minutes to freeze a batch . Like all ice cream you can make at home with a small machine , what comes out is soft serve . If you like your ice cream more firm you just need to package it and freeze it another hour or two before serving.The feature that really differentiates this ice cream maker from all other home makers I 've ever used or seen is how quiet it is . It is no more noisy than a quiet dishwasher . so now we can make a batch in a kitchen that is open to the family TV room and have it be ready by the time the TV show is over .
 First try was a key lime sorbet . It came out perfect . Cherry vanilla ice cream was next . It could n't have come out better . The machine is easy to use and easy to clean . Almost forgot , it 's quiet .
 A friend of mine has the cuisinart ICE-20 ; it is VERY loud when it churns . This one works so much quieter and has the same end product!The first batch I made came out soupy and I was initially disappointed . I then moved the freezer bowl to the top shelf in the freezer and let it freeze longer than the suggested 24 hours and the second batch came out perfect ! Now I just have to find some better recipes ! The recipe manual that came with this model left me disappointed , but I have found lots on the internet .
 some friends and I were having a conversation about the `` good ole days '' of real frozen custard . If you want to experience ice cream that had remarkable depth and incredible creaminess , use this machine . It works flawlessly and delivers the goods . There are hundreds of recipes for ice cream on the internet including those that are `` healthy '' for you ! it 's great for dinner parties where you want to really wow the guests with homemade quality ice cream . It makes just the right amount for 6 or so , and is VERY cold out of the freezer . top shelf product .
 the krups ice cream maker is easy to use , perfect for two . It runs very quietly
 I have made three types of frozen yogurt since I received my ice cream maker and have enjoyed all three . I have a gluten/wheat problem and many purchased ice creams have traces of wheat or gluten , so I stopped eating it ! Great to be able to make my own.I did have a problem with the top ring not staying latched but it seemed to clear up when I was sure the bottom freezer container was level when it was placed in the freezer prior to use.One complaint -- I wanted the green color that was pictured . Mine is white ! Minor complaint but the green one is cute .
 I love this ice cream maker . It produces perfect ice cream every time and is easy to assemble , plus it has an automatic shut-off to prevent overchurning , which most ice cream makers do not have . The ice cream is usually done in about 15-20 minutes , and is deliciously smooth and creamy . Highly recommended .
 The Krups GVS142 ice-cream machine performs as advertised . I 've prepared several different versions of ice cream and each turned out as expected . There are a few recipes in the instruction booklet and a book of recipes is included with the machine . The machine itself is made up of the motor , bowl , and 3 interlocking rings . The only negative w/re machine construction is the `` latching '' of the top ring . It wo n't stay latched , but that does n't seem to make a difference in the machine 's performance . I would purchase this product again to give as a gift .
 This compact little machine doesnt look like much once out of the box , but it sure is getting workout in my kitchen . I love ice cream . I love homemade ice cream even more . What i do not like is rock salt and ice and the loud noise of a churning machine or the ache of an arm that had to do all the churning manually.This great tiny wonder is perfect . No ice or salt needed . A generous 1 quart container and some great recipes -LRB- althougha little too exotic for my tastes -RRB- make this a winner . We have used a base that we got out of Ben and Jerry 's ice cream book and tweaked the recipe for our specifications ... and they have come out wonderful everytime!Be aware however , that homemade ice cream has a very soft texture , more like soft serve than anything else ... but worth the 45 or so minutes needed to whip up a batch . Its fun for kids to help and watch and east enough to use you can let it run during dinner and have a cool frosty treat for afterwards . A great purchase with a wonderful price too ... I am sure this will be used many many times in my house ... so glad i bought it , I would highly suggest this to anyone who wants a homemade treat at the end of a long day . Yummy !
 Bought this for my hubby , who has wanted an ice cream maker for a few years now . I could n't pass up the $ 30 price and the great reviews . Well-made and easy to use . Make sure you follow directions and put it in the freezer for at least 24 hours . This product will probably work better for those that have a stand-alone freezer vs the one in your fridge as you get colder temps and therefore better results . Yummy ice cream and very easy to clean .
 This ice cream maker is very easy to use . Just freeze the bucket ahead of time , mix the ingredients , assemble the maker , and pour in the mixture . In about 30 minutes , you 'll have soft serve ice cream . Freeze it for 24 hours and you 'll have firm ice cream . It seems to be well made .
 This machine is everything it 's advertised to be . Makes great ice cream , it 's fast , and number one feature-it 's so quiet you can not hear it unless you 're in the room . Totally recommend .
 I love this ice cream maker . I do n't think they even make it anymore , I do n't see it on the -LSB- ... -RSB- site . But , honestly , I do n't understand the bad reviews I 've seen on this - and they are few and far between , but they do exist . Like yes , the casing is made of plastic and you do n't know how long it will last ? Well , how rough are you when you wash the parts ? I got this from my parents for Christmas this year and did exactly what the directions said and I got smooth ice cream . I used heavy whipping cream and the 10Watt motor did just fine , no grinding or sputtering . However , I did n't eat the ice cream immediately , I put it in another container and hard froze it for 2 hours so it was no longer soft serve - my kids love ice cream cones so it 's better if the ice cream will stay on the cone . Perhaps this is why my ice cream is not grainy . Watch Alton Brown on Good Eats and he will show you how to store your ice cream properly so that it does n't develop ice cicles - put cling wrap DIRECTLY ON the ice cream and push out the bubbles . Ta Da . No ice cicles . I 've made two batches of ice cream so far and look forward to making more - since it only makes 1.5 quarts I have to make a lot since we LOVE ice cream ! The best/worst present I could have gotten , really !
 This creates a half quart of ice cream in the least painful way that we imagine . Its all countertop , and the noise created , lasting approximately 45 minutes , is the same as our dishwasher . There is an auto-off function based upon stiffness of the cream which keeps you from going too far . Assembly for each batch is easy , and cleanup is a snap.Use of the Krupps does require planning , since the bowl has to be frozen for 12 hours before . We find this no problem since we keep it in the freezer all the time.Our only disappointment is in finding gelato recipes - you can find hundreds of incredibly good , fat filled , heart attack causing recipes -LRB- some come with the Krups -RRB- , but we love the italian ices . This disappointment only comes because the Krupps has liberated us to make our own ice dreams.We seldom rate products as a 5 , and we rate a lot of products .
 This product is so much fun to use - ca n't wait to try more recipes .
 Krups ice-cream maker arrived quickly . It is easy to use and best of all the recipes are great . It was recommended by a friend and I am glad I took her advise .
 This works very well , but could use a few less parts . I bought this to replace another brand machine whose motor had quit , but the cover of this one has more parts to put together and clean . Price was great .
 I greatly prefer this style of ice-cream maker over the traditional salt-and-ice mess . I guess the only disadvantage is you either have to know well in advance that you will be making ice cream -LRB- and put the freezer bowl in the freezer accordingly -RRB- , or take up some freezer real estate by just leaving the bowl there normally . Still , in all ways this unit lives up to my expectations . Easy to assemble , easy to clean , simple operation , and it makes good ice cream !
 I love this ice cream maker . It takes about 45 minutes & you have ice cream ! Great way to end the evening after having a nice dinner .
 My wife just love 's the ice cream maker , it 's tasty and delosious , so if your looking for a good machine , and a way to increase the costof your ice cream , this is the one for you !!!
 This is my first ice cream maker . I store the container in the freezer so it is always ready to use and does n't take up cabinet space , although you need a big enough freezer to store it . Cabinet space required is only for the bowl rings -LRB- pretty flat -RRB- , cover & motor -LRB- size of a pound of butter -RRB- . The ice cream is as good as the ingredients you use . We are pleased with the machine , but we 've only used it a couple of times .
 Made two batches of ice cream . Used my own recipe . The ice cream came out great . It is a lot more convenient that our old one that needed salt and ice continually added and watched . The ice cream is just as good and stays the correct consistancy after being in the freezer.The only problem is is that it is too darn small . We need at least a half-gallon when we make ice cream . The advantage the old one has . I would gladly trade it in for an automatic maker that makes 3qts at least .
 I bought this for my girlfriend on Christmas . Easy to use , quiet motor , just works great .
 This dresser was an absolutely perfect size for our spare bedroom . It is very well constructed , drawers open very easily and it looks great ! I do recommend this dresser .
 Once again , the mass media machine has presented us with another Doom collectible and , I must grudgingly admit , a rather good collectible . Being one of the very rare individuals who has faithfully watched and re-watched the Doom movie to the exclusion of all else , I was delighted to buy this reproduction poster . Although , sadly , the poster does n't represent any scenes from the movie , or any of the delightful cast of memorable characters , it does capture the strange eerie thrill of the creatively devious world that is Doom . From the start of the mega hit 1995 DOS rendition of the pixilated world of horror to the graphics feast that was Doom3 , Doom just keeps getting better , bigger , and richer . So , why not take this wonderfully macabre world , where the good die young and the hell spawn reign supreme and hang it on your wall ! Pledge allegiance to the Doom world!Okay , in all seriousness , this is a great poster . It is 22 by 34 which means that it is huge and hangs well over a desk or bed or even on the back of a door . It 's easy to hang , well made , and rather colorful . The vibrant orange looks good in the harsh florescent light of a dorm room , the natural light spilling from the window , or in a dim glow . The scene depicts a first person shooter atmosphere , showing a hand pointing a gun at a Hell Prince emerging from Doom 's famed hell portal . The Hell Prince is a little hazy , as is the entire poster , but this is a good thing because it creates a surrealistic foreboding aura that compliments the Doom concept nicely . And , of course , the famed Doom logo is at its proper place at the top of the poster.I have ordered from these sellers before and have never been disappointed . Items arrive quickly , are well packaged in cardboard tubes , and are always of good quality . So , Doom fans everywhere , get your skates on ` cause these are going like hot cakes sweetie ! - Ravenova
 This was a Christmas present for my Grandson 's dorm room and he really liked it . I have one for myself and it 's been very durable .
 I was surprised when my two wastebaskets arrived that they were larger than I had expected from looking at the photos -LRB- it helps to look at the dimensions first ! -RRB- but they worked out just fine and I really like the look of them . They 're sturdy , practical , and attractive .
 order these all the time for our office . not much to say but that it 's a good looking waste basket .
 It 's a good size and style . The price was right and prime shipping was available . The only warning I would give you is to treat it gently because it is not much stronger than a Budweiser can !
 The waste can was exactly as stated in the description . It completes the ensemble of my office . Even my eight year old daughter lover the design.Thanks !
 This was a hit with my grandson , so much so that he wanted to stay in it instead of continuing to open his gifts ! The construction is great quality and will last as a family heirloom . I like the fact that it has good quality cushions because so many of the rockers did n't have cushions and lets face it , softer is better . I would recommend this rocker to everyone who wants a good quality rocker with nice detailing in an aviation theme .
 Loved this little boy 's rocking chair . Took a little bit to put it together , but it was worth it . He is 1 year 's old and loves it !
 Kids bathroom is getting the Nemo thing . These are simple shower curtain hooks . One of the Dora 's came off the hook but a little dremel action and some E-6000 craft glue and we 're back in business .
 I got these with two smaller sizes under amazon 's 4-3 promotion . they are an odd shape - sort of oval . I 'm not too sure if it saves on space but I will say it makes holding a liter more confortable - nice fit in your hand . All arrived unbroken - the six shrink wrapped in their case and then bubble wrapped and then boxed with some air pillows . I like having a variety of mason jars and the metric measures are much more convenient . These -LRB- and other mason jars -RRB- have replaced ALL my plastic containers ; much easier to clean and to find the size that fits ; coworkers are intrigued by my salads in a jar . I do miss having the measure marks on the side of these -LRB- aka ball mason jars -RRB- . The 0.5 liter have a slight green tint .
 With Amazon 's free shipping , these jars cost about a dollar more than the Ball brand jars but Amazon has better customer service . I am very satisfied with the jars and only wish they were cheaper .
 I had used Ball , Kerr and most recently Weck for canning and none compare to Leifheit in terms of appearance - love the look .
 The shape of the jar allows you to fit more jars into your water bath or canner . The glass is thick and beautiful . When these jars seal , you 'll know it ! The dome is super high , requiring the suggested heat and other safe conditions for canning . I have never had a jar that did not seal ! Forget the little ping of other canning jars . Get ready for a loud pop ! I love these jars , and they make wonderful gifts when filled with your canned goods .
 With the economy at a strain , as well as our purse strings , I decided that a simple gift of my homemade apple butter would be the perfect gift for all this coming holiday season.With this in mind , I went on the prowl , searching for the most visually pleasing and well made jelly jar out there . Well , as you have guessed , I found the Leifheit jars and fell instantly in love with their shape , color , and quality . Comparing the cost with all the other kinds of canning jelly jars , Leifheit jars are a tiny bit more pricier but mannnn oh mannnn their beauty and quality makes them completely worth it!Another thing that made these jars even more attractive to me ... they come direct from Amazon , so shipping was free !
 After reading the other reviews , I had to order these jars . The size is absolutely PERFECT for canning , freezing soups or giving as gifts with cookies or candy inside . Note , this `` 1 '' liter -LRB- or 1 quart -RRB- size has a standard LARGE mouth so it 's easy to fill , wash , and remove contents . I 've tested a standard `` Ball '' wide mouth top and it does fit , so I think you could use those as replacements for canning down the road . The oval shape really does make it possible to fit an extra jar into the canner , and they are super easy to hold/handle . I will definitely order more .
 I love these jars EXCEPT for the fact that they stuck each lid with a white sticky label that does not come off . I had to completely ruin the lids to get these labels off and you can still see the residue . I even used GooGone . They were wrapped in plastic , why not use REMOVABLE LABELS ?????? Why is it necessary to deface such beautiful lids with a completely unnecessary PERMANENT sticker . Think about the people purchasing these items . That is why you make and sell them , so someone will buy them is n't it ? The purchaser does not need or want that white label on the lids that they have to figure out how to remove . The lids even say the name of the jar , there was no need to put ANY label on it at all .
 While I love the classic style mason jars , too ... these are perfect for a special gift -LRB- I enjoy giving homemade salsas , jams , sauces , etc. -RRB- and everyone always remarks on how beautiful and fun these are . The shape and design really makes it stand out . Shipping was great , nothing broken !
 Leifheit produces quality products and their canning jars are no exception . Although pricey , these jars are attractive and make your canning efforts shine . Highly recommend !
 There are three online retailers for Ball brand canning jars . They all charge shipping so that the jars cost at least $ 2.50 each . Leifheit jars are the only ones sold by Amazon . These are squat and good for pickled food instead of for sweet tea . The shape does make it easier to hold .
 I purchased these uniquely shaped jars to create luminaries in my backyard . They look great .
 Nice jars - exactly the product I was looking for . I had no issues with ordering and receiving the product and shipping was on time .
 I bought these jars for gifts . A gift to help keep our perspective where it should be . All year you drop a note of funny and good things that happened throughout the year , then on New Years Eve you pour them out and read to each other . Then you remember the good is what life is about . Everyone loved the jar commenting on its beauty and the idea .
 they are lovely and I like the shape of them - easier to hold than standard jars - especially for smaller hands .
 good pricing but not all of the lids were good , so had to purchase some locally
 I can items frequently and am always looking for jars with unusual shapes . These look good sitting in my kitchen and make lovely gifts .
 I have ordered from this company twice and both times the experience was extremely good . I make my own products and use these jars and my customers also love them as well .
 These jars are great ! Love the design and that they are different from a basic jar . I live in a 5th Wheel so space is valuable ! I keep my coffee/creamer in these jars . They look really nice sitting behind the stove top . Would buy again !
 ... hard to clean . I had such high hopes for these jars . They are lovely as cannng jars go do not get me wrong however , I had not taken into consideration how difficult they would be to clean . This is more my own issue than the jar 's really . I did not even think about it when I bought them . That said , I would buy them again just for their looks . They make great gifting jars .
 I have n't actually used them yet but they seem very well made and beautifully designed also and they are very spacious and have great tight sealing lids for them . I plan on using them to insert my many different herbs and oils and they are perfect !
 If you 're going to go to the trouble of making jam or jelly at home , you owe it to yourself to use Leifheit jars . They 're so pretty -- the base is a marquis shape , which tapers to a round mouth . This design makes the jars easier to store than the usual kind . I 'd rate these higher than 5 stars if I could -- I love them that much .
 These beautifully embossed , diamond-shaped ` quart ' jars adorn my kitchen window , not filled with fruit or veggies but filled with tiny colored beads that absorb water until they become the size of grapes . I 'm sure any cook/canner would love these jars also for their ` normal ' use .
 The shape does allow you to nestle them together . They 're darker in color than the US-made jars .
 The price was very good and the shipping was quick . What can I say about vacuum cleaner bags , they do what the are supposed to . It was easier to ordr from Amazon than drive to the store . I plan on ordering the same way next time I need vacuum bags .
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 Wonderful item , worth all the money I spent on it . I would recommend this item to anyone interested in it . .
 We bought this as a birthday gift , and the recipient loved it . It is very distinctive and beautiful , and masculine as well . It will probably be a bit difficult to clean , though , so I would rinse it out right after use to prevent the sugars from sticking to the insides .
 We purchased this skillet about a month ago and it performs very well . The temperature control works well , the skillet heats evenly and the skillet is completely submursable for easy cleaning . The non-stick surface works great . For this , it actually gets 5 stars . Four stars are awarded due to the 11 inch size . That makes it a bit small but the various 12 inch sizes available have not received good reviews and a 16 inch was too large for our use . This , however , is a keeper . It 's also a great size for travel .
 This is my third Presto 11 inch skillet in about 20 years -LRB- the non-stick coating does eventually wear off -RRB- . Never had a problem with any of them - they heat evenly and clean easily . The legs will loosen over time but is just a matter of re-tightening with a screwdriver . Have tried competing brands but have n't been impressed - even had one where the glass top shattered during cooking ! That 's why I keep coming back to what works . Hope they are still around in another 7 years or so .
 This is really a nice skillet . The non stick coating is really good quality . It will not peal off like many of them do . It is truelly `` non stick '' . A real bargain for this price . I use mine every day and love it . If you need a skillet I would highly recomend this one .
 I just love it ! I use it about every day . It works wonderful for frying fish or grilled items . It is one of best . It is great !
 I have had this fry pan before and it functions quite well , so when I finally needed a new one I looked for the same kind.I would recommend it to anyone . Nice product , plus a feature I like is that it does n't have a glass lid , I really do n't like the glass lid.It cleans up easy and cooks nice and evenly .
 It heats up well and cleans well but the legs are pretty fragile and they come loose all the time . I ended up breaking it when I was tightening up the legs and dropped it . Not the fault of the unit but ultimately I replaced it with a nicer Presto Skillet that was not as fragile and does n't get loose with use .
 Pros
 I bought this to replace a black & decker griddle that just would n't heat properly . I really like this little unit . One corner does not hear up as fast as the others , but the thermostat seems to recognize with the temperature has dropped properly and heats/shuts off appropriately , something my B&D ; could n't do.I 've taken this with us in the luggage and used it in our villa for cooking up pancakes , vegetables and chicken . All it needs is a standard phillips screwdriver to remove the legs and handle . Remember to line the non-stick interior with a paper towel so it 's not scratched up by the top or thermostat when traveling/storing .
 picked it because my mom always had one ... . I recently became a widow and cooking for one is easier in an electric skillet ... and I no longer need a large skillet ... grandaughter ... 21 years old ... moved in with me and she tends to burn her meals on the gas stove ... . I am really pleased with my purchase !
 Love the non-stick coating and the ease of cooking breakfast without using the stove ! Easy clean up is best feature !
 I got this for my Mom and had it sent to her . My Mom has troubles with her hands , but she said she did n't have any problem putting it together . To top it off she cooked a top round beef roast in it and said it came out tender and tasty .
 I purchased this small skillet to keep dishes warm at group meals , so I was particularly concerned about its ability to do that without burning the food . I was pleasantly surprised at how even the heat was , and that there was no burning of the food I was keeping warm , even though at one point I placed a small amount of stew in it for over 3 hours.It was VERY easy to assemble , and very easy to use.I placed it on top of a counter that was n't `` heat protected , '' and it did fine - nothing under or around it over heated -LRB- on warm -RRB- . In fact , it not only heated up quickly , but it also cooled off quickly . The nonstick surface meant it cleaned up very easily . It has heated up to cook items as well , and is a great all-round electric skillet . It would be awesome for a college dorm -LRB- provided , of course , that the dorm permits cooking in the room -RRB- . My only complaint is that the cord is SO short -LRB- thus the subtracted star -RRB- that you have to have the skillet VERY close to an outlet before you can use it . -LRB- Just a quick note - it is 2-prong -RRB-
 We bought this for our daughter , after she helped with making the choice . She is very happy , although she did say one of the problems was lending it out to her boyfriend to use and then having difficulty getting it back because he like it so much . She said that it heated very quickly , got hot before she had the vegies cut to put in .
 This is the second Presto 11-inch electric skillet I have purchased and hope to always have at least one on hand . Learned about it by seeing it used by Costco sample ladies who used it in many ways . Excellent product . Heats rapidly and evenly . Lid fits . Can use for everything from delicate omelettes , grilled Reuben sandwiches , or stir fry .
 I purchased this pan as a replacement , love it , perfect size for RV ... BJ WA
 bought to replace a competing brands fry pan that couldnt keep a accurate temperature . previously had another presto this was just as the old one , Great ! Only downside is that it is no longer made in USA , made in china , would pay more for made in america
 After losing power during our Halloween snow , I bought a generator and asked my son to purchase this skillet for me . With my generator I ca n't use my stove , so when we lost power for 5 days after Sandy , this skillet was wonderful ! We cooked burgers , eggs , stew for 4 people ... and pancakes for breakfast . Easy to clean , which was nice because lighting was very limited . I 'm sure it would be great all year round , but I know it was amazing with our limited power . .
 I bought this skillet for my mother in law and she is very happy with it . She cooked bacon and found that no matter where the back was , it sizzled nicely . She cooked pancakes and found no appreciable issues with this . Overall , she was happy ... . except - It is 11 inches at the top rim , not 11 inches at the bottom . The sides flare out . She said that she would personally call it a 9 inch skillet.Even so , the skillet is heavy duty and worth buying . I 'll just buy the larger size next time .
 My wife and I needed just a small skillet and the size on this one is perfect . Even heating , lid fits like a glove !
 This is my second Presto 11-inch electric skillet . I do almost all of my frying in this skillet and love it . My other one lasted several years and was happy to see that I could find another one like it . I always put the skillet on the top rack in my dishwasher and the lid down below and this helps the life of the skillet . I cook at least 4 times a week using this skillet so I do recommend this to anyone that cooks . It saves my stove and grease that splatters . Also , good seller and fast in mailing . Thank you .
 This is the second Presto 11 '' electric skillet I have purchased . It is exactly like the previous one . Good size , accurate temps , and sturdy . I hope the non-stick surface holds up a little better than the first one . Over all , this is one of the better small kitchen electrics .
 I finally ordered this skillet . I have been wanting one for a long time , and now that I have it I use it all the time . It is perfect size for our family , which is just two . It cleans so easy . I only wish I had gotten mine years ago .
 After reading the reviews I was a bit skeptical but I am very happy I went with my instincts . I live in a small 750 sq. ft. cottage and when I was designing the kitchen I opted not to have a stove . I get along just fine with my toaster oven , microwave , crock pot , hot plate and my new Presto Electric Skillet . It 's the perfect size and I love the nonstick surface . I have used it for about a month and have had no problems . I sent away for the Presto Electric Skillet Cookbook which has recipes for using the skillet as an oven . I ca n't wait to try baking a cake in it . This is the perfect skillet for me !
 I had read some of the reviews on this electric skillet . I am handicapped and live in a small seniors unit . I found this Skillet did not take up a lot of room . It heats well and cooks everything including pancakes I think superbly . You have good heat controls and I do not burn things . This electric skillet has helped me in cooking , since I know longer have to use the electric stove in my apartment . I agree the cord is a little short , but really nothing to complain about . It fits right in my dishwasher and cleans up well . I suffer from Parkinson 's disease and am always looking for help in preparing my own meals . I happily give this a five star rating .
 This product arrived and performs better than advertised . It is ideal for 2 people to cook a wide variety of meals with more than enough to eat . This Presto electric skillet is very easy to use and cooks all foods perfectly .
 My family uses this Presto Electric skillet to cook at the table , keep already cooked items warm in a buffet setting or fry items that require an exact temperature that is easily monitored on the control dial . We are very pleased with its design and features and have owned more than one . The non-stick surface is good for cooking things such as eggs and other items that can tend to stick.All-in-all a good , solid electric fryer that I can highly recommend .
 AFTER SEASONING THE SKILLET I COOKED A 2 & 1/2 LB . ROUND STEAK IN MUSHROOM GRAVY . BROWNING THE STEAK PIECES UNCOVERED ON 300 * WORKED GREAT , NO SPLATTER . THEN POURED THE GRAVY MIXTURE OVER THE STEAK TO COMPLETELY COVER THE STEAK PIECES . THE DEPTH OF THE SKILLET WAS JUST FINE . COVERED AND COOKED ON 235 * FOR 2 HOURS AND THE STEAK WAS TENDER AND COULD BE CUT WITH A FORK . EASY CLEAN UP . NO VENT ON THE LID WORRIED ME ABOUT LEAKING ONTO COUNTERTOP . BUT IT DID N'T LEAK A BIT AS THE LID FITS SNUG . GUESS IT 'S THE REASON YOU CAN COOK ON SUCH LOW TEMPERATURES.UPDATE :9 / 14/11I HAVE USED IT 4 TIMES NOW AND IT HAS PERFORMED SO GOOD . I ORDERED AND JUST RECIEVED ANOTHER ONE FOR MY DAUGHTER & SON-IN-LAW .
 As it says above , this is a great little skillet for college students or people who only have to cook for themselves . It 's a great size , and incredibly easy to use . My only problems were with assembling it and with the lid . It seemed they gave me the wrong size screws to put in the handles . But my dad got it worked out for me in the end . As for the lid , the underside white plastic stains really easily , and even after its first use would NOT come clean . It is forever a faint yellow color.I use it mainly to make stir fry , Hamburger Helper , and chicken masala , and it does wonderfully for all . There are many things I 've not yet tried , but I imagine this skillet will make them turn out perfectly .
 I had an old school version on this electric skillet and used it all the time . Finally , it was time for it to be retired . I purchased this model and was quite happy that is was very similar to my old one . The only major difference is that the lid is made of plastic instead of metal like my old one . I am not sure how this will hold up in comparsion to the other one I had . That being said , the skillet works great and I have had no problems whatsoever with the plastic lid so far .
 I bought this primarily to braise but found it valuable for other things too . The cost is little more than a cheap non stick fry pan . You can make it braise . It sears nicely but heats in bursts until the desired temperature is reached and the direct contact with the heat source can overheat your food . Keep the setting very low after searing . Practice is the key.I turned out to be more useful as a frypan for quick meals . Stir fry , pancakes , eggs , bacon , potatoes etc. . . I have a flat top induction stove -LRB- yuck -RRB- . This little pan heats up in seconds . It 's a great extra burner as well.Cleans fast and easy . The down side is the high sides . Makes it harder to flip eggs and pancakes.Worth it ? Yes . But do n't throw away your crock pot .
 I did n't use the product . I bought it as a gift for my daughter-in-law . She had an old one that bit the dust and needed a new one . You ca n't find these with the deep lids very easy . She loves the product .
 Have only used it twice , so I ca n't judge it as yet . Seems to be a good quality appliance , but `` time will tell '' . I will update .
 We had an electric skillet from our wedding 55 years ago . It finally gave up the ghost . We bought the Presto 06620 11 Inch Electric Skillet from Amazon . It was a perfect size for two people . . We poach 2 pieces -LRB- about 1/2 pound each -RRB- Wild Atlantic Salmon in spiced apple cider with cinnamon , slightly salted , allspice , cloves , lemon juice and zest , brown sugar . Setting the control on medium low , cover off , and poach each side five minutes , doing the skin side down first and stripping the skin and dark grey fat off the flesh , after the first turning ; finally another five minutes on the stripped side again , which helps rid the fat taste . Check for completion by slitting the thickest area and looking for wet pink or silvery color -LRB- not cooked -RRB- . Turn again , adding another five minutes if not done . Place on dinner plate with thin sliced lemon crossections on top , add a small amount of the liquid for taste . The Presto skillet keeps an even temperature and is easy to clean with its nonstick coating .
 I 've been using this pan on a daily basis for about two weeks now and I can say it has met all my demands of it . Eggs and bacon are cooked to perfection without burning either . It heats up quickly , and low temperature works for most foods . I like the fact that the heat is contained in the pan and does n't heat up the room like gas or electric stove top burners do . The lid is deep enough to allow you to cook a small chicken or roast . The last test I wanted to do was fry pancakes as one reviewer said it would n't get hot enough to do it . Well , I was amazed at how well it did fry pancakes . Using thin batter was better than thick , but it fried either one to a golden brown . As far as I 'm concerned this is a top quality product and will do anything you require of it . The temperature control is in degrees instead of warm medium and high as some of the others I 've looked at . That feature came in handy with the pancakes as the instructions were to preheat to 375 degrees . Well , that 's what I did and it was perfect . Cleanup is a breeze because of the non-stick surface , and the entire pan can be immersed in water with no harm or danger . I ca n't imagine what else I would want it to do . I would highly recommend this product and will buy it again if it fails after a reasonable amount of time.Update , October 2008 . After two months of non stop use , some of the non-stick surface is starting to bubble . Read the warnings carefully , it tells you to not let it soak in water . I did n't let it soak , but I let food stand in it sometimes overnight . I 've stopped doing that , and there is no more deterioration of the surface . I will still rate it highly , and be more careful in the future . I guess I just did n't think a non-stick surface could be harmed by food sitting on it over night . Live and learn I guess.Update . December 2008 . Well last week I scraped off the rest of the `` non-stick '' coating . I was worried that if I did n't I would be eating it . It started coming off in large pieces a few weeks ago . So , the coating is not very good . I have several non-stick pans and pots that are many years old but still have the non-stick surface intact . Still , the electric skillet works good , but you have to use oil or spray when cooking or it will stick to the pan . Beware , the non-stick stuff they use is NOT what you are used to seeing in a pan . Still use it almost daily though : -RRB-
 A nifty little electric skillet that fries , braises and bakes ! I bought mine for fish fries but use it for much more , especially during the heat of summer since it does n't heat up the kitchen like a conventional stove does . A great bargain for the price and lasts forever . Makes a great housewarming or shower gift too !
 Perfect for breakfast and small dinners.Cleans easy , quickly heats.Fits in small spaces.Ideal for students and RV ` sI use it everyday , best buy for your money .
 I think this is my 3rd or 4th of this little 11 inch Presto electric skillet . They do n't wear out . I keep giving them away , trying new cookware . My space is too small to accommodate more than one cooking appliance like this.This version of the Presto skillet is a little different from previous ones . Mostly cosmetic . It works great , fits nicely in my small space , is very easy to clean . The nonstick does n't come off . It 's light weight . It heats fast and cooks evenly . Not much splatters on the heating plug , which goes below the handle for some protection . Of course , the whole pan is submersible once the heating plug is removed .
 I was looking for a smaller electric skillet . This one fits the bill . Easy to clean . I use it weekly to cook all kinds of things from eggs to chicken to fish . Great for small meals .
 I am happy with this skillet . I picked it because it was a bit smaller than the others , but still big enough for cooking meals for 2 or more people . It was easy to assemble . I washed it , prepared it with olive oil , and cooked breakfast for me and my boyfriend . I only use plastic utensils on it and it cleans up like a dream . I leave it on the kitchen counter because again the size is just right and does n't take up too much space . I have made the most delicious sloppy joes in it , and it is great for heating up leftovers without the microwave .
 How did I get along without this pan ? I cook a lot of one-person meals , and this pan is great for that purpose . But , it holds a lot more than I would have guessed from seeing the picture . You can cook main dishes for several people , and side dishes for a larger group because of the depth of the pan . I am a vegetarian , cooking mostly Asian food , and it works for stir-frying , braising , steaming and just about any other method you can think of . The only things I would use my conventional stove for now is boiling big batches of noodles or pasta . This elctric skillet and my rice cooker can handle everything else , and they take up very little counter space . Easy and quick to clean . Most of the time , I can clean it with a damp paper towel and a bit of detergent , do n't even need dishwasher :-RRB- . My only dislike is that the lid is plastic and maybe could break someday , but otherwise this is the perfect pan !
 Perfect size for so many things , does a great job of cooking everything we 've tried in it , and the best part ... it 's dishwasher safe -LRB- and fits in the dishwasher just fine ... unlike our other electric skillet , though it 's immersible , it 's just too large to fit in the dishwasher , and we have to wash it by hand each time we use that one ! -RRB- We prefer this smaller size by far !
 I 'm very happy with this frypan because it is a nice size and much lighter weight than some of the others that are now available .
 These glasses are perfect in every way I can think of . They have a classical but not boring style that is suitable for the most upscale occasions , but will add a touch of class to a rocking party.But for all their style , they 're no more expensive or delicate than standard , more industrial-looking cocktail glasses . They 're durable , comfortable in the hand and stable on the table . The 6oz size is perfect for properly made cocktails ; as all the experts say , larger glasses do n't fit most cocktail recipes very well , and it 's an illusion that bigger is better when it comes to this style of glass .
 My daughter has taken up juggling and she needed some good weighted balls . Her friends who are accomplished at juggling were helping her and remarked how nice the balls were . There were guessing how expensive they were and they were astounded when I told them I got them off of amazon and they were so cheap -LRB- in price only -RRB- ! She loves them ! -LRB- And so does my wallet -RRB- .
 This is an excellent choice for juggling balls . They feel great in the hand and the weight is just right . There are so many color choices too . Definitely an upgrade over my old hackey sacks .
 These juggling balls are very durable ! I purchased five of them in order to practice juggling -LRB- 5 obviously -RRB- and they are perfect because they do n't break or roll away . I would suggest them to anyone .
 As an actor in plays and musicals , I have been required to learn several new things . While I was a part of the ensemble in ` My Fair Lady ' , my director asked me to learn how to juggle . For beginners , baseballs and hackey sacs simply would not do . So I purchased these to help me learn . With much practice and persistence , I eventually learned the art of juggling . The slightly weighted , well , weight of the ball is great alongside the squishy feel of the ball.Speaking from personal experience , if you want to learn how to juggle , these are great for starting .
 At the time of writing this review I 'd been juggling golf an tennis balls for a couple of weeks.As I got more proficient I wanted to take it to the next level and juggle beanbags.I was n't sure which beanbags to buy , so I found this -LSB- ... -RSB- video -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- that helped me decide to buy Deluxe.I bought four bicolor balls and was n't disappointed . The balls are high quality , pleasant to hold , and not too big . They look durable , but can not be sure - need to use them for a while .
 I ordered three juggling bean bags because I have been trying to re-learn juggling again after years of abandonment . These beanbags were perfect - they are well-filled , with straight seams , and they were n't outside of my budget . And , as you can imagine , I have dropped them a lot already , and there is no visible wear and tear . My cat even picked one up in his teeth and tried to run away with one - I was afraid there was going to be a hole in it before I caught up to him . But instead , I ca n't even find teeth marks . All in all , I am very pleased !
 These balls are simply great . There 's tons of colors to pick from - which is important for some tricks to have different colors . They are not huge which is good for me because i have small hands . They seem to be very well made and the price is right . I did find some cheap ones on here but seriously , you get what you pay for . Plus , the shipping was very very fast . I got them in 2 days even though I picked Standard .
 Bought three black and yellow Squosh balls as I work back into juggling.Good balance and weight for juggling balls . I had purchased three more of the same brand and type several years ago and a few things were noticeable - from the older trio.One of the three was distinctly different in feel , texture & sheen . Not quite a completely different material , but you would definitely believe they would not be matched set . That one also has taken much longer to break in , and the seams all bunched up at one corner which is noticeable in your hand . Given that my prior three that I purchased were all identical , I tend to think that the one different ball is just an offshoot.Overall they can take quite a beating , and I would recommend them to anyone for general juggling use . Definitely if you 're starting off - you ca n't get much better for quality & price .
 I am transitioning from mostly Tennis ball juggling to bean bag juggling as I am now juggling 4 at once and then move onto 5 ... and these are much easier to grasp then tennis balls . And so I am very happy with these.One surprise was how heavy they are -- I was n't expecting it -- but I think the extra weight may help with control.Very good , and they do n't look like they will split at the seams , etc. .
 I like the beanbags . I 've been able to juggling three-ball patterns for a few years , and just recently moved up to four-ball patterns . I do n't have a lot of experience with balls or bags , I just wanted something that would work . This product fits the bill . They might take a little while to break in , but they feel nice anyway . I only wish I would have ordered a few more -LRB- my kids seem to always grab them when they can :--RRB- -RRB- I considered five stars , but since I do n't have any other items to compare this too , I figured I 'd be a little conservative . I like them and will probably order more in the future .
 This review requires nineteen words , but that seems kind of silly to me . And I am sure others do too .
 Good juggle bags ... a little slippery so it takes getting used to . A fun toy to have sitting around the house . Someone is almost always using them .
 Very very good juggling balls . Nice feel and they have held up quite well so far . I especially like how they stretch and squish just a little when you catch them . Hard to juggle more than 5 but obviously they are n't meant for number juggling . Excellent for beginners and pros .
 It 's been over 6 months and these balls are holding up well . They 've got a nice weight and give to them and I 'm quite happy with them . I 've seen a lot of more expensive ones , which I 'm sure are great but these are more than enough for me for the time being.I will say though that the black and blue colored one seems to be made of a slightly different material . It 's shinier and slicker . Overall the ball is fine but I prefer the other ones a bit more -LRB- blue and green , blue and orange , red white and blue -RRB- . Ca n't speak for the other colors but I 'd recommend these for sure .
 I purchased three of these beanbags for learning to juggle . So obviously , I was expecting to drop them a lot ! As it happens , they have withstood the constant abuse very well . The variety of colors is great.I have to say that I bought these after buying another , cheaper beanbag here on amazon . I 'm here to tell you do n't bother with the cheaper ones ; these may seem expensive for a hobby but they will last more than a week !!
 I received these beanbags a couple of months ago and I would have to say these are one of the best that I have ever dealt with . They hold up great and are extremely durable , i have dropped them on concrete wet grass and hard wood floors and they hold up just fine . I would defiantly recommend these and will be adding more to my collection hopefully soon .
 I 'm fairly new to juggling , this is my first set of dedicated juggling balls so take that my perspective account . I 've mostly juggled bean-filled tennis balls and lacrosse balls up until now . The best thing about these bean bags is the size and weight . The weight is absolutely perfect for the way I juggle , but I can see it coming down to personal preference . The size is about the same as a tennis ball . My only real problem -LRB- which comes down to personal preference -RRB- is that the material it 's made of is n't very grippy . I 'm used to juggling rubber balls and these are slippery by comparison . Also not a negative but worth noting , the colors are a bit darker than they appear in the photo.Edit
 I purchased this desk for my daughter 's sixth birthday . It 's the perfect size for her , her desk , and her homework . I got it in a maple color . It was extremely easy to assemble . My only concern is that I feel like I 'm too big to sit on the bench , like I may break or tip over the whole thing . I feel completely confident that my two girls can sit on the bench together , though .
 Perfect match to my Loftgoods recliner . Like the chair the leather is top notch and matches perfect . Storage alitte small but great storing all your remotes .
 I have had this pattern for some years and get many compliments on them . They are sturdy enough for everyday use but also pretty enough with the delicate patterns for entertaining , and they have a very pleasing size and weight .
 I have many peices from Swedish Lodge and I have been very happy with the quality . I have owned them for more than 5 years and have not had any problems with them .
 My mother has happily used her Tiger Thermal Magic Cooker -LRB- the 4.5-liter size -RRB- for several years now , and I found myself using it whenever I visited her house , so I finally caved and bought two
 This product works great and is very convenient !! it is energy saving with excellent results of soups . The size is good for family dinners . With the ease and amount of money saved from electricity , this product is worth buying .
 I bought this pot for our tailgates . We usually do a shrimp boil at least once a year . We had a 30 qt pot that was almost overflowing , so I thought a new pot was in order . This thing is huge . We did our normal boil for 20 people and the pot was barely over half full . Plenty of room for our tailgate to grow.Pot is heavy duty and will last a life time . Very well made . In retrospect , I probably should have bought the 40 Qt -LRB- as the wife regularly reminds me -RRB- . Was the talk of the tailgate . Now just have to figure out where I 'll store it ...
 Great product ! Had been looking for a pot with a strainer and am very happy with this one . Big enough for the job and it gets it done ! Use it for clams , corn , lobster ... whatever . Nice and lightweight and `` stocky '' enough not to tip over easily . Strongly recommend it for the price .
 You can slap a good amount of corn on the cobb in this stockpot . I 've search around and this size pot made more since for average family backyard cooking . I 've done a lobster in it too , and it came out great .
 Made a 4 Gallon Gumbo for the SEC Championship Game ... Worked outstanding , follow the directions for seasoning the pot , no sticking or hot spots , easy clean up ... . Geaux LSU Tigers
 I purchased this unit along with a propane burner/stand and am impressed with the finish and quality . The lid and steamer basket are all machined well with no burrs . Rivets are sturdy and the unit is built to stand the test of time . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a LARGE pot for parties , clam bakes or the like . Not small -LRB- 42qt -RRB- by any means , but if you 're cooking for a small army , this will work well ! Would purchase again .
 I bought this item to make crawfish boil and with the potatoes and corn , I was able to fit in 30lbs , more or less , in this pot . The crawfish was awesome and the boiler the best investment I have ever made . I was afraid the item was not able to ship in time and it was able to arrive when I needed it .
 I love this pot . I 've had a great 40 qt . pot for a decade that I 've used for crawfish boiling and turkey frying but wanted a larger pot with a basket dedicated to crawfish . I was wary of the product because some reviews suggested the pot was flimsy and I wanted a tough sturdy pot . I was not disappointed , the pot is very strong with a thick rolled aluminum opening and stout handles . When filled with water and lifted , there was absolutely no movement or flex . You would have to lie the pot on its side and jump on it to bend the walls of the pot . My only regret is that I didnt buy the 80 qt . model . With the basket in , it doesnt hold much more than my 40 qt . pot did without a basket . We cooked 70 lbs . of crawfish and lots of vegetables and it took three batches . So if you are on the fence on size , go bigger . I will likely buy an 80 qt . soon .
 Fast delivery ! The product is everything it was described to be . We cooked lobsters and it was easy to clean afterward . I 'll buy here again .
 Great pot and well made but i bought it for a stove top -LRB- my mistake not theirs -RRB- . it takes 20 minutes to steam and boil on my smoothtop electric stove -LRB- using two burners -RRB- . The large size and basket are great for lobsters but this pot is best for an outdoor system or a large industrial stove burner . It is just too big for my wife to handle.Be forwarned it 's a great value butbig !
 The item itself is great but to date we still have not received the balance of our order .
 I ordered the 42 Qt steam/boil pot . its exactly what i was looking for . it arrived before the actual time stated , which was a plus . I purchased this item for a low country shrimp boil party that i was throwing for about 20 people . and the size was just right . i will also make use of it for Thanksgiving and fry a turkey this year.oh it was less expensive than my local Lowe 's . thanks amazon .
 Good product , I made my first seafood boil in in . The basket really makes it easy to get your food out .
 This is a excellent choice if you are cooking 15lbs of shrimp with potatoes , corn on the cob , sausage and mushrooms ! Great easy way to have a PARTY !
 We boiled up several hundred pounds of crawfish with this multiple times . It 's a great unit.It 's sturdy as heck and accompanied with the bayou classic burner it can cook up a lot of bugs . Great stuff . Would recommend to anybody -LRB- in fact , my buddies want one now -RRB- .
 I purchased for steaming Maryland blue crabs , clam bakes , and to make chili . I already own a smaller Bayou Classic pot but I needed the 42 qt . for more capacity . It fits perfectly on the side burner of my grill and also fits on my kitchen stove with plenty of clearance under the exhaust hood . Exactly what I expected and made with the same quality as my smaller , older pot . Be sure to thoroughly clean the inside of the pot before using , as mine had a greasy film on the inside -LRB- especially where the handles were drilled into the pot -RRB- . I highly recommend and Amazon was cheaper than my local Lowes .
 This pot is great for outdoor cooking whether it 's for a crawfish / crab boil or for deep frying a turkey . It 's large size holds some extra oil which keeps the oil temperature from falling too much when the turkey is dropped in - much better than the 30qt pot I 've used in the past .
 This arrived in just time for my Crawfish Boil . This Big 60 quart boiler cook 35lbs of crawfish in no time . The Handles are rugged and I am going to enjoy this big bad boiler for years to come .
 Better than expected ! Great quality and durable . I would recommend to anyone who wants to feed a large group . Perfect for the pool parties coming up this summer !
 We live in Maine and have many lobster bakes over the summer for visitors . My husband is the master steamer and often missed the fun as he had to cook in batches with our previous pot . We LOVE this Stockpot . We can cook lobsters for a crowd and everyone 's are done at the same time . Cleanup is the same as any pot , though obviously it wo n't fit in the sink to be washed . We got our money 's worth .
 We ordered this for our son 's 16th birthday party and it was great . We boiled 8 lbs . of crab legs , 8 lbs . of shrimp and 5 lbs of lobster meat as well as 10 lbs . of potatoes , 6 lbs . of corn on the cob some onions 5 lbs of sausage ... needless to say there was more than enough room for the food and then some . This is plenty big to cook food for more than 30 people . The quality was great , very sturdy construction . Looking forward to using it again .
 This pot is awesome . Used it for shrimp boil . No need to get stainless steel in my opinion .
 The pot came as described and in a timely fashion - ready for our family crawfish boil over in Texas .
 I have a friend that cook large quanities of collards each year for family and friends . This year he surprise me with 16 quart size bags of collards for the winter . I ask him what on earth did he cook them in , he explained that he has to borrow the next door neighors pot with no lid and how much he hate doing that every year . So I found a 60 Quart with a basket and lid All purpose Aluminum pot . I ordered it just in time for Christmas . He was so please with the pot he cooked me several more bags of collards . Now he has a pot that he can use to cook large quanities for the family reunions.Thanks Amazon !
 This pot came wrapped like there is a treasure inside
 What a great buy for the cook in your family . My son-in-law is the cook in their family and asked for one of these for Christmas . It is well made and an excellent purchase .
 Purchased for low country shrimp boil . Was the talk of party for it 's size and quality . Looking forward to using for clam bake lobster boil .
 I found the pot to be well made . Be careful when handling it because it can get dented pretty easily . It was plenty large for the cookout I planned . I think it will be useful for many years to come . Make sure that you cure it before using it , I actually cured it and then boiled water in it 2 times before using it .
 good cooker well made is a littel biger than 5 gal.pail in the basket works grate . would buy it again .
 The pot worked for our project as planned and we have not determined many more things that we are going to be cooking outside in the furture . This pot is big so it is for those that are creative and love to share their cooking experiences .
 Great product . I purchased this product to haul around in my RV . Never know when I might get hungry for crawfish .
 This a great pot , I have not used this yet but I had a 30 qt prior and this quality seem much stronger . This should work great on my bushel of crabs I can cook once and enjoy with the party.My only complaint is on the packaging , it is ship in original box which has no shock protection . Upon close examination of my new pot there was a minor dent at bottom corner round edge .
 PERFECT POT !!!! BUT HAD TO SEND BACK IT WAS JUST Way to big for us , got a smaller one . . Shipped fast and was was everthing it said it was .
 I bought this pot as I boil around 50Lbs of potatoes to make Lefse each year.I was hesitant by some of the reviews of being thin , but this is a lot thicker than I was expecting . The aluminum is around 1/8 '' thick which makes this pot sturdy . I used the 60Qt pot in conjunction with this burner . -LSB- ... -RSB- This pot is sturdy , but you do loose some capacity with the basket . You probably get around 45-50Qt useable space with the basket in the 60Qt pot.I do not see how this pot could bet damaged or bent without running it over with a truck.My only complaint is I need to find a place to store this thing and at around 18 '' diameter , it does not fit in a lot of places .
 i purchased this stockpot for my brother . he often cooks a lot of seafood and soups for a large group of people at their clubhouse on the river . they were using 2 smaller pots so now they get the job done in one huge pot . this stockpot holds a lot of food and they love to use it . throughout the past year i have ordered a lot of cookbooks from amazon , everything i have ordered from amazon has been delivered to my house in excellent condition . a few days ago i ordered a perfume set that will be delivered next week , i got it for a good price and its nice to have it delivered right to my door .
 I bought the items for dungeness crabs . The items were supposed to be used , but they were actually new . The basket is about one half the size of the pot , so I should have bought the larger size . The burner and pot worked fine .
 When you live in a wooden shack in Afghanistan you appreciate the small things . Climbing into a bed with a nice blanket is one of them . I got this for the summer to cover a scratchy 100 TC blanket I got here at the PX . It has been a great purchase . It feels great and like the sheets made by the same company , stands up to the rough laundering soldiers get .
 I loved freeing up a drawer by getting all the wraps and bags sorted into two of these organizers for under fifteen bucks.I used duct tape on the two side rails to hang them were I thought I wanted them and tried them out for a week before drilling holes in my cabinets . I was surprised how well the tape held , not budging at all full of bags and wraps . The side indentations really hold well under the tape by preventing vertical sliding . Taping could be a good way for renters to use them since no drilling is needed!I fit 5 boxes in each organizer , plenty of room for our needs : -RRB-
 I have extremely thin kitchen cabinet doors so I bought some 3mm hooks -LRB- the kind that come off -RRB- and used them to hang this storage organizer . It works and now my saran wrap and aluminum foil are on the inside cabinet door instead of in a kitchen drawer .
 I purchased two of these racks and attached them to the inside of one of our long cupboard doors . They fit perfectly and save a lot of space that the foil/lunch bags/plastic wrap would have taken up on the shelf or in a drawer . Much more convenient to grab them when needed too .
 Bought this because of limited cupboard space . I mounted it inside the pantry on the door . It works well I only wish it was deeper and would hold more boxes of wrap
 I have been looking for these for two years now and could n't find them in the store . I finally looked on AMAZON and here they are . No problem getting them installed -LRB- I bought two -RRB- and they are holding all my storage bags , and wraps , freeing up cabinet space that I needed .
 This was so hard to find , and exactly what we needed . Not stylish or special , just functional and de-cluttering . Perfect .
 I very good product for the money . It holds all sizes of boxes . Great for aluminum foil , plastic wrap , freezer bags .
 Fits the need we had , will be ordering more as we found many uses for this item ... will likely get other spice racks and other items to match .
 I bought this rack thinking it would hold only two or three roll of foil or wrap . It is larger than I expected it fits about fits about four rolls of wrap and a box of plastic bags . Very sturdy too .
 A very good product . Recived when promised . Easy to putup in clostlet . Helps with storage concerns . Really like . I ordered this product on Amazon . com . love amzon . com
 I love this . It fits perfectly inside one of my lower cabinets and the wraps are ALWAYS handy now . There is plenty of row for severals kinds , plastic , tin foil , waxed paper , plastic baggies ... It is wonderful .
 I have a very slim pantry and need to make the most of it 's space . This rack fits on the thin door nicely . I currently have Saran Wrap , Aluminum Foil , Ziploc Freezer bags , and Ziploc Sandwich bags in mine . Keeps these items right when I can see them and out of the way and off of the shelves .
 I was looking for a rack similar to one my mom bought 20 years ago . This one that I found is even better . You ca n't fit tons of boxes in them -LRB- 4 or 5 -RRB- depending on size so I got 2 . Sandwich bags will fit but you have to take the box out in order to get a bag . My cabinets have a slight recess on the back that made the rack difficult to hang -LRB- one side sat in the recess , the other sat on the outside -RRB- . We mounted the racks to another small board before attaching them to the cabinet which solved the problem . The only thing I would recomend would be hanging them with double sided tape if you 're leery about putting screws in your cabinets .
 Great item , perfect for storing wrap and zip lock bags ! Easy to install . This is my second one , that is how much I use it !
 we put this wrap rack on the inside of our pantry cabinet . it can fit 4 wraps , and is slim enough that the cabinet still closes . exactly as described .
 Just what I needed to hold my wraps . It was very easy to install and holds 4 boxes -LRB- food wrap , wax paper , aluminum foil , gallon sized baggies -RRB- . Was concerned it would bump into the pans I have stored in that cupboard , but apparently there was enough room for both . Very pleased .
 Very reasonably priced , easy to install , sturdy . . I live in a studio so this is a great space saving item . Would definitely recommend .
 This rack was really easy to install - 4 screws -LRB- included -RRB- and that 's it ! I was able to fit 4 boxes of supplies in the rack . All fit easily , there was no jamming the boxes in as other reviewers have noted . I was able to fit plastic wrap , wax paper , storage bags , and foil . Installed into my cabinet door . The hardest part was drilling into the cabinet !
 This is good Product , I used this for anything like Aumi Foil , Wrap , sandwich bags , freezer bags , and many more . . it is great Product ... One thing , be sure you have enough room on under the cabinets , My suggestion , is put the wall instead of Under the Cabinet . I know it would be not overlook but it is better than nothing ...
 Does exactly what it is supposed to . Easy to install . Just be careful that the screws dont punch through cabinet doors .
 This holder is actually very nice . My saran wrap and tinfoil fit very nicely in this holder along with a third wrap . It 's light but well made . For the cost it 's a handy dandy holder .
 I bought two of these for my tiny galley style kitchen in my apt . It holds Saran Wrap , freezer bags , sandwich bags , gallon bags and snack bags between the two . Has helped a lot !
 This is such a space saver in my kitchen . We live a in townhouse that has limited kitchen . This fits perfectly on the door of my lower cabinet . I store my sandwich bags & aluminum foil in it -- keeps it right at my fingertips when I need it .
 HATED THE DARN TOPS FOR PLASTIC CONTAINERS . I ALWAYS KNEW WHERE AND WHICH WERE WHICH . BUT MY HUSBAND DID NOT AND DID NOTHING BUT COMPLAIN . ITEM I ORIGINALLY WANTED WAS UNAVAILABLE SO I WAITED 2 MONTHS AND THEN HAD TO GET SOMETHING . THIS DOES THE TRICK BUT THE WIRE FORM IS JUST ALITTLE TOO OPEN BUT I USED CONTACT PAPER AROUND THE INSIDE LEAVING THE STICKY SIDE PAPER ON AND IT WORKS GREAT .
 The wrap holding racks were easy to install and have taken away the cluttered mess that loose boxes of wrap and bags created in my pantry . I can now access what I need to without displacing everything else . Highly recmomend these products and this fast-shipping seller .
 Good product for mounting on inside of doors keeps your wrapping items neat and the boxes don ' t get crushed .
 Easy to install and very functional . Does the trick for organizing under the sink , I can find things easier and quicker .
 Easy to install in a couple of minutes . I bought two - ones holds jumbo boxes of quart and gallon sized ziplock bags with just a bit of room to spare and the other one holds Saran Wrap , aluminum foil , and wax paper with enough room to fit two more items that size if I wanted . Got these things out of a drawer and hung up under my sink .
 I love this wrap rack . It is big enough to hold 3 large boxes . It is not limited to the little boxes . I do wish they had one that was just a bit wider then I would get another one for my other cupboard that is larger .
 This was easy to install and is great for holding all my boxes that I need out of the way .
 Exactly as pictured . Lots of storage place added . Easy to install . Great asset for my kitchen . Will probably buy more .
 I had a little trouble installing on the inside of the cabinet . I could n't screw it in because the various wrap boxes would have stood to tall to allow the door to closeI ruffed up the back of the rack with sand paper & then used gorilla glue to fasten the rack to the cabinet doorI gotit to work so I am happy .
 But I was unable to use it , so I gave it to my daughter . I failed to take into account that I needed to be able to close the cupboard door after I installed it , and there was a shelf in the way . But it 's otherwise a great idea for storage . Just make sure you have both the vertical height and the interior volume .
 I bought this originally to get my pantry more organised . I stored all my wax paper , plastic wrap , bags and aluminum foil in it . One day my husband put up groceries and decided to put our spaghetti noodles in it too . LOL it was PERFECT . I have 3 of these two for wraps and bags one for spagetti noodles and other boxed goods that are long and narrow . Its been sturdy and worked well for me .
 I was very pleased with this product it works as described . H have about four or five different boxes of wraps and ziplock bags in this rack .
 A good wire rack for a kitchen application . Holds storage bags and small misc . items . It would be nice if the rack was a little bit wider , but certainly worth the price for this item .
 Sometimes you buy a rack and it 's too small . I have purchased racks that are just too big . This honey 's rack is just right . She was easy to mount , and she is well built . This rack keeps my boxes and tubes upright . It 's just a shame I have to keep her locked inside the kitchen cabinet .
 I bought 3 of these and they sure did free up a lot of cupboard space , plus , my kitchen paper products are a lot easier to use now .
 I was expecting it to hold more than four rolls of tin foil , plastic wrap etc. kinda small , but good price .
 This rack works well on the inside of my pantry door . Just remember when you purchase new sandwich bags or wrap that it is small enough to fit in the rack .
 Put about 8 of these on the pantry doors - increased storage by 50 % , and has added value to the kitchen
 This was simple to install and saves on clutter . Why did I not buy it sooner ? It arrived quickly , and I recommend .
 I wish it was a tiny bit wider so I could fit two boxes one infront of the other , but perfect for what I need it for
 Works really well . No complaints except I wish I had purchased the one allowing for two rows of wrap . Found that after ordering this one . Other complaint is I have not gotten used to having it placed for easier access .
 This product is very reasonably priced and was shipped quickly . It does exactly what it is meant to do and has helped me free up shelf space . With everything organized my husband no longer grabs my freezers bags for his sandwhiches . I 'm saving money already !
 We mounted these under a cupboard rather than in the pantry itself . This keeps wraps and foil right at your finger tips while working with food items .
 This is good for holding wraps and baggies . I would have liked it to be a bit wider to hold a couple more boxes . I would still recommend it .
 It may be just a simple organizer but it works very well in my house ! We love it ! It gives you just a bit more space !
 This was one of my first items to start organizing my kitchen . I really love the simplicity and how handy this has proven to be . It 's not much to look at , but this item is function over form and worth hiding inside your cabinets .
 This is the second one I have purchased . I can easily fit four boxes such as Zip-Loc bags , or five of the smaller ones , such as Cut-Rite with a little squeezing , but that 's okay for the price . Easy to install and made very well . Very much worth the price !!!!!
 this product was perfect for our needs . I mounted it at eye level on the inside of the pantry door .
 We love these . We were skeptical at first because some of the reviews said they did not fit large packages so we only ordered one to try . I am not sure if the reviewers were using industrial size packages or what , but we found all ours worked and fit perfectly
 The Grayline Housewares Wrap Rack is perfect . Fits under the sink mounted either on the door or side , keeps things neat & organized while tucked out of the way .
 Great product . Installs easily and holds about 4 to 5 rolls of wraps etc. . Looks great with the Rubbermaid fast tract stuff and the spice rack by the same company . I highly recommend , freed up a kitchen drawer for me !!
 This product is the perfect size for my small pantry door . My pantry is very neat now and has lots more room since the wraps are hanging on the door . The organizer is very secure on the door also . No thuds as you open and close the door .
 I put one of these up on each of the cupboards below my sink . I use one for storing foil and saran wrap and in the other I put cleaning products and brushes . They 're great .
 Received 2 of these quickly from seller . Very pleased with how easily they mounted in pantry . They keep all wraps/bags in sight and easy to reach . Good product and excellent service .
 What can I say . It works . It opens up a drawer for other uses . I tried a shorter Rack and the wrap rolls kept falling over . This one is deep enough to hold them without juggling & jiggling .
 I bought two of these for our kitchen because our wraps and zip lock bags were taking up drawer space since we had no where else for them . For the price I thought I 'd give them a shot . I was hesitant because I saw people reviewing the item and saying that they ca n't fit saran wrap and other stuff in them because the boxes are too big to fit into the rack . I do n't see how that 's possible unless you 're buying industrial sized suran wrap boxes or something . You can fit about 4 across and all of my wraps and zip lock bags fit in it easily . One we used for zip locks and wraps , and the other my wife put utensils in , like tools for the grille and a meat thermometer and such . Ca n't go wrong for the price .
 I love this product because it holds 4 boxes . I 've even managed to store a flat colander in it , in addition to the boxes . I only gave 4 stars because it has already come loose from the wall already and had to be reinstalled . I would recommend very good anchors to secure it to the wall .
 These work great ! Highly recommend for cleanly organizing foil/ziploc bags/wax paper/etc . Only problem was I felt the heads of the screws sent were a little small and would n't firmly grab the screw indentations . I used my own screws and problem solved .
 I bought two of these for my pantry and they are great . Now all of my kitchen wraps and bags are easy to get to .
 I purchased this rack to replace an old plastic rack that was cracked and falling apart . The new rack is very sturdy and I expect many years of service . The rack is deep enough to accommodate larger rolls of wrap . I would recommend this rack to friends .
 Igot 2 of these for wraps in the kitchen . I also have one in the bathroom on the side of the cabinet to hold the blow dryer . They are great and easy to install . Saves plenty of storage room in the drawers in my tiny apartment kitchen .
 Glad to have it - it helps keep these things handy but out of the way.Wish it came with shorter screws - the ones it came with were too long for a our thinner cabinet doors . Be sure to watch this before installing !
 This is a great product if you need to consolidate on space . I put my on the cupboard doors under my sink and it allows quick access but is n't in my drawers where the wraps pop open and jam them . The first one I received was damaged . I believe this was due to rough handling in shipping . I recieved a replacement very quickly .
 Opened up 2 drawers . Spray painted them brown to match pantry door and very happy with how they turned out .
 Yup . This product is basically one of those &#34; what you see is what you get &#34; kind of deals . Fairly thick PVC coated wire rack that holds stuff under the sink . I absolutely love it .
 It seemed silly to do so much research for a wrap rack , but I did n't see any reason to spend money on something that was n't going to do the job , especially since our current solution was working -LRB- we had the rolls stuffed in a kitchen drawer , but needed the space -RRB- . I buy the enormous box of Stretch Tite plastic wrap from Costco , and I was genuinely concerned that the box would n't fit in the rack , especially since some people were complaining about size . I did my measurements , compared them to the item , and clicked Submit Order with some nagging doubts . And yet the doubts were unfounded . This rack held not only my enormous box of Stretch Tite -LRB- about 3 &#34; x 3 &#34; -RRB- , but also my foil , parchment paper , wax paper , and a box of snack bags.The only reason it loses a star is because the screws seem to offer only a tenuous hold on the rack and I 'm afraid it will fall off . -LRB- Again . Allow me to also recommend wall anchors if you 're putting it in a pantry and not on a door . -RRB-
 It is easy to install inside the cabinet door using the included screws . Pilot holes were not required . It holds a roll of foil , non stick foil , saran wrap , and a box of sandwich bags .
 I ordered this item to be able to cook with two lobster pots at the same time . They fit perfectly and the burners are awesome . Very even and strong flames .
 Just what we were looking for . Great for a Low Country Boil for a large groug ; two pots .
 I purchased this from Amazon almost 6 months ago . I had been using the same model indoors for about 8 years prior to that . It broke because friction over time wore through the handle that operates the crusher . About 3 years ago I had to reverse the handle because of wear so that it would wear on the other side instead . I had placed lithium grease on the wear points but the tolerance is too loose as it comes from the factory . I 'm not sure that the grease did n't speed up the wear as the wear surfaces were so loose that dust and dirt may have been `` attracted '' to the grease . I 'm not going to grease this one and we 'll see how long it lasts.I replaced my old one with the same model because it is very sturdy construction . You can crush very sturdy aluminum cans without you feeling like you are going to bend the crusher . The old one was unpainted and galvanized and the current one is painted metal . The first few months you can expect lots of small paint flecks around and on the floor underneath . It seems to have subsided now though.When this one goes I will probably buy another just like it . I just wish the factory would add some hard nylon bushings or maybe make the joints even looser so I would have enough room to add them myself . I think the crusher would last a lot longer and I 'm sure it would be a lot quieter . This one does make a fair amount of noise .
 I had a different brand and the handle collapsed when it was pulled a little bit to the left . This one is pretty sturdy and does the job . The handle is long enough that you do n't have to put in a lot of effort to crush . The one minor negative is that you should not pull the handle all the way as it looks like it puts a lot of strain on the rails . Pulling more does n't crush the can any more and I think repeatedly doing that might break the rails/guide .
 This is the second one of these I have bought , the first one lasted 14 years . I would never buy a plastic can crusher , the metal ones last much longer .
 worth the $ $ . read other reviews and was apprehensive about purchase , could n't have made a better choice . Just fried up 2 Turkeys they were delicious , took about 30 minutes to assemble all parts and screwes were there , no short ones that were stated in previous reviews . All u need is a little common sence and just read directions and follow should have no problem . 31/2 minutes per lb . thats all u need to know LOL
 Fantastic product ! I have used it twice already and am going to fry another turkey on Christmas . Good Quality , great price , tons of extras . The only thing I regret is not buying a pot with the drain spigot in the bottom -LRB- the pot gets a little heavy when pouring the oil back into the jug ! -RRB- . Other than that A + all the way around .
 I purchased this because I wanted to try and fry a Turkey for Thanksgiving . The day before I put it all together . It was so easy to use and came with all the gadgets I needed . We fried the Turkey and I received so many compliments . No problems , No accidents , Just a great , user-friendly fryer , especially for beginners !
 I bought this same brand three years ago and six deep fried turkeys later , I 'm still a happy camper . I would recommend bringing the oil to 250 then turning off the burner before lowering the turkey in . Once the bird is safely in bounds , I would crank it up back to about 325 for about 31/2 minutes per pound . I tried 350 but my bird comes out a little too burn on the wings and cavity edges that way.Mine did not come with that the awesome fry basket , extra pots , and injector by the way yet I still paid the same price .
 I bought this for a gift and he likes it just fine.He uses it a few times a year for big family get togethers.Just make sure you read the directions on safety and do n't get burned with the bubbling oil.We use heavy duty welding gloves when putting turkeys in the fryer because when you first put it in , hot oil can shoot up through the neck and get your hand.and you do n't want that .
 I bought this cooker to blanch vegetables for freezing and canning . It worked great and saved a lot of time doing it . I used the small pan and basket and it would boil the water as fast I needed it . I cooked fish with it one time using a 12 inch cast iron pot and had trouble keeping the heat down low enough . The stand is made from thin metal and so are the pots and baskets . It held up well and I am happy with it so far . All the parts were in the box . For me it was a good buy .
 I have used this cooker several times and love it . It is good quality and workmanship and performs perfect for me everytime I use it .
 I purchased the Bayou Clasic unit primarily for brewing beer . The unit was shipped on time and without any damage . It was easy and quick to assemble , and connected right up to my 5-gal propane tank with it 's standard connector -LRB- same as you use to connect to your BBQ -RRB- . It fired right up with first strike of my flint starter . NOTE
 Perfect for what I need . It arrived quickly and works great . Even sturdier than the one I previously bought for a family member . I really enjoy deep frying and this is the product to use
 Bought it and deep fried a turkey , Very Juicy even after rewarming in the microwave the next day . I did end up ripping the hose out of the end of this thing though , i pulled it gently when moving it and it came right out , oops !
 It was a gift and the price is quite cheap as well . I have not had the pleasure of using this thing yet but I ca n't wait . I have never fried a turkey but I love doing boils and the strainer is comes with is perfect for it . My summer is going to be great !
 We have only used the fryer one time so far but do plan to use it more . We took it to a college football tailgate and made chicken wings . It worked just like it was supposed to . It did make a mess of the fryer and was some work to clean it up but that is the nature of fried oil .
 The cooker I purchased from another source is the exact one I wanted from Amazon . The cooker from Amazon was sent back soon after the order was completed . There were several problems with the Amazon transaction ; 1 . the Amazon web site stated that shipping was free , but when I got the email to confirm the sale , the final price included $ 20 shipping , and tax . 2 . the email also stated to cancel the order use a link within the email , go to the website and use the cancel button . Only problem is when you go to the website I could not find any button or link that allowed the purchaser to cancel the order . To Amazons credit the UPS return and refund was a very smooth operation . Otherwise , Amazon really dropped the ball on this one . I 've never had a problem ordering from Amazon before but this transaction makes me a little leery . By the way the cooker I did purchase came from an Ebay seller and it works great , no shipping charge or tax . Only noted problems were the inside of the pots were scratched in several places but the outsides were in great condition . Would be nice if they included a basic cook book . Used the injector for the first time , injected beer into a chicken , extremely moist and flavorful .
 We havent used this yet as we got it for when we go camping and havent went so far . But as far as the delivery it was promt and good
 Bought this for Christmas dinner and it worked great ! We ended up frying a 12 pound turkey in it and had no problems what-so-ever . I was a little concerned after reading the reviews ; especially the ones about not heating the oil up very well . Did n't have a problem with it at all . We actually had to end up frying it at night in 18 degree weather -LRB- with a little snow -RRB- and the oil heated up in about 25 minutes . There is a carburator -LRB- flame adjuster -RRB- at the junction between the gas hose and the frame you need to adjust before you start it . I 'm wondering if that 's what people who had problems did n't do . We first lit it and with a few minor adjustments got a good hot flame . The paint does burn off initially but it does n't seem to be a problem . Ca n't wait to fry some more things !
 bought this to use with king crab legs brought back from alaska . The inner basket allowed removal of the crab legs without having to fish them out . it assembled easily , all parts were included , stand is solid . this is a good fryer , even though I do not use it for frying . suitable for any outdoor seafood boil use as well as frying . nice product .
 Purchased this fryer just prior to use on Thanksgiving 2010 . Shipping was fast , I think it took 3 days or so to get to me . All items came in the box as indicated . The fryer worked excellent . It took me about 45 min to fry a 12-15 pound turkey . The only bad thing I can say about this is that the design is such that a small breeze will cause you to loose a lot of heat creating a longer cook time . I fixed this by using two pieces of plywood to create a wind break . However , I would not call this a deal stopper by any means . I paid $ 81 for this kit and saw it in one of the warehouse clubs -LRB- BJ 's -RRB- for $ 99 . Overall , I would highly recommend this fryer . Why I did n't give it 5 stars ? This fryer did not exceed my expectations . It did what it was supposed to do .
 First time frying a turkey as I just moved from WA to FL and had to change the whole Thanksgiving process a bit . This product did a great job . Followed the directions provided and other than a few tweeks to get the temperature correct , everything worked out great . If this guy can get it right on the first try with this product , anyone can . Ca n't wait to cook another , now only if my wife ate seafood .
 This fryer was just what I was looking for . From the old reviews it seems that there was a problem with the wrong hardware being sent . This has been corrected with the one that I received . My fryer came in great shape and worked perfect . The burner is hot enough to cook even in some wind on a cold day and still maintain temp . I do have one suggestion for people cooking turkeys to use smaller birds of around 12 lbs . or less to prevent burning of the meat . The steam basket and fry pot have worked great as well . Thanks
 I bought this to fry a turkey for thanksgiving and it made the turkey a hit . Everyone loved it . I did another turkey the following day and it also was amazing . I have read some of the reviews saying that it takes to long to set up , maybe a half hour after you read the directions . Others said that it would not light or heat the oil up , I did not have any problems , it lite right away and took about 20 minutes to heat up 3.5 gallons of oil . I also read people saying it was too expensive after buying the turkey , oil , etc. . . Just a word of caution . The Turkey Fryer DOES NOT INCLUDE A TURKEY OR OIL , you must purchase this on your own . To their standards , I think I was ripped off on my BBQ , it did not come with propane or steaks , maybe I 'll take it back.This was a great purchase .
 The Bayou Classis 30 Qt Turkey Fryer was a great purchase . The stand was easy to assemble -LRB- took around 5 minutes -RRB- . It comes with a smaller cooking pot , injector , thermometer , steaming pot and several other items.My first attempt to deep fry a turkey -LRB- 18 lbs -RRB- took place on Thanksgiving Day . My backup plan was to go to KFC if things did n't work out.The fryer did everything it was supposed to do . I pre-measured the oil level with water . I did n't have the turkey on the provided turkey stand , so I had to add a little more oil when I actually deep fried the turkey . This slowed the cooking time about 5 to 10 minutes . The turkey was golden brown and very moist . The left overs stayed moist into the following days.I used a recipe where you heat the oil to 250 degrees , dunk the bird , then raise the temperture to 350 , and maintain the temperature until done -LRB- time is based on the size of the bird -RRB- , There was very little splatter . I had a large cardboard box flattened to catch the oil splatter -LRB- key piece of equipment if you deep fry on your cement -RRB- . I plan to take the fryer camping and fry a turkey , potatoes , onion rings etc this next summer.The only drawback is that the cooking pot and accessories are large and not stored easily . My plan is to store the cooking pot , burner etc in the garage rafters .
 I have always borrowed a cooker on Thanksgiving but having just moved to a new state I decided it was time to buy . This cooker was a good as any that I had tailgated with or borrowed over the years .
 I bought this Fryer as a gift . I had checked out many online with their comments and decided on this one . Boyfriend put it together easily , and has already used it twice . Loved it . Its nice to have all the accessories that come with it . He made a smaller batch of fried fish with the smaller basket . He is very happy with this Item , ty
 I have long been skeptical of `` deep frying '' at home . The smell , the mess , the smell ... Anyway , I recently decided to throw a fish fry and decided it was time to invest in a fryer . The biggest issue for me in purchasing a fryer was the sturdiness of the burner stand . Besides having the ability to heat 12 quarts of oil , I also wanted a burner stand that would hold the weight of 20 quarts of beer for my homebrewing . I decided on the Bayou Classic.This Bayou Classic kit came with everything and setup was simple . The burner stand exceeded my expectations for sturdiness and the height was such that when using the 10 quart stock pot , you could place the burner stand on a safe sturdy work surface to elevate it off the ground . I plan on also using this burner with my wok . The burner was able to bring the oil to temperature in approximately 15 minutes . The Fish and Chips turned out great.Of course when using 350 degree boiling oil , you do not want your weekend fry festival to end with either a trip to your local burn unit or a reason to see if Allstate really has you in good hands . Common sense must prevail and last time I checked , Amazon does not sell that yet . Set your fry area up away from kids , pets and anything that you want to see another day . If you follow that simple advice , all should turn out okay.Clean up can be best described as `` sticky '' , but in order to get the life out of your aluminum parts , do n't skimp . Now that I have tackled fish and chips , I will have to move on to the other `` must have '' fried foods these days
 When I first heard about frying turkeys , I just new I 'd try it eventually and this fryer has everything I needed -LRB- minus the turkey , oil & fuel -RRB- to get started . My cooker arrived right on time in perfect condition and went together without a hitch.I fried up some chickens so I 'd have some frying practice before T-day rolled around and learned a few tips : The meat should be at nearly room temp before cooking . I took my bird out of the fridge the night before and put it in a cooler with no ice so it was cool but not cold . Also , the oil temp . should be right at the red-line before putting the meat in . If your bird is still cold from the fridge or if the oil is not hot enough , the oil temp will plunge to below 300 and it will take most of the listed cook time to get back to 350 . Then you 'll be guessing at to whether your meat is done.When I put the Thanksgiving turkey in , I hung the neck around one of the legs and after about ten minutes , I fished it out with a pair of tongs and had a perfectly cooked snack while tending the fryer . At the end of the calculated cook time , I pulled the bird out and checked the breast with my electronic meat thermometer rather than the oil thermometer , perfect . If you think your meat is not quite done , you are better off finishing up in the oven rather than going back in the fryer , you do n't want to overcook.Since this was my first time out , I wanted to make sure I had a back-up plan so we would n't wind up feasting on cranberry salad and frozen pizzas . I told the in-laws to go ahead and cook their regular bird in case mine did n't turn out and they had the usual monster bird with the breast meat like drywall . The birds went to the table side by side and my 13 pounder was gone , picked clean and the little kids were asking was there any more turkey while the oven bird was still hardly touched -LRB- hee hee . -RRB- It was a smash.More tips
 I am a southern guy from GA , and have been using outside cookers all of my adult life . This one is a winner , you ca n't go wrong with this purchase if you enjoy using an outside cooker . With the various size cooking pots , you can cook for 2 or 20 . Very simple to set up and use . I really like this one and the price was a bargin .
 The fryer does a great job !! Only one thing I found wrong with the prduct . . The screws did not match the fryer legs ... Put together , but wrong still works great . .
 I received this fryer in August as a birthday gift and I am very glad that I did . The kit comes with everything you need to get started , minus the propane tank and oil . Assembly was a breeze and only took around 10 minutes at the most -LRB- I assembled it while relaxing in the garage -RRB- . As some reviewers have stated after the first couple uses some of the paint for the stand was burned off resulting in it no longer appearing new . I can see how this would bother some users but for me it did not detract from the quality of the product . I am more of a function over appearance kind of person and the paint burning off did nothing to take away from the function of the stand.I see the price has gone up -LRB- it was $ 80 when I got it -RRB- maybe since it 's closer to Thanksgiving , but even at the higher price I think it is worth it .
 Purchased the 30-Quart Outdoor Turkey Fryer to steam lobsters - worked great . Only concern was the `` fire '' that started when I first used it - the paint that was used to coat the the base did catch fire , but it burned off after 5 minutes - did catch me by surprise . Definately make sure nothing is around , because there were flames . Once the paint coating burned off , the stand was stable and the pot provided plenty of room -LRB- 8 1.5 lbs . lobsters -RRB- . Looking forward to using it for other outdoor cooking events !
 It is a good product and works pretty well . The only drawback I have found is the burner works overtime to keep up when you are frying fish with the large pot . It takes a pretty good while to get up to temp with the large pot full of oil .
 Did a ton of research on these cookers before I found this one . Everything came as advertised and for what you get in the package you ca n't beat the price . Just had my first crab boil with this and it turned out awesome . I ca n't wait to fry up my first turkey this Thanksgiving !
 Everything about this cooker screams quality !!! Easy to put together , easy to use and to clean up afterwards ... would recommend for anyone ... The pots and kettles are extra heavy duty . . well worth the money ...
 The fryer came very quickly.The one pot is very deep ! -LRB- turkey size -RRB- I wanted it to have a fish fry , will be deep frying a turkey or two this ThanksGiving . I would recommend this item , well worth the price.P , S A good old fashion fish fry , is a sight to see , fast as the fish is dump from the basket hot sauce bottles start shaking !
 This is a very good product for the money.This is my second one . I loaned a friend my first cooker . He liked it so much , he never brought it back .
 Great fryer ! Had a wonderful low country boil . One of the screws broke in half during assembly - had to make a trip to the hardware store . But all was fine after that . So far so good !
 We were most happy with the way Amazon replaced the first one we ordered because of damage in shipping . The second on arrived in record time . We used it to have a huge shrimp boil . Could not have done it without the Turkey Fryer . Thank you for your service .
 This is without a doubt the worlds best deep fryer.I have been able to cook not only turkey but chicken , lobster clams and just about whateverI want to . It is a real conversation piece when all my friends are over .
 I picked up this set back in the spring and have used it several times since . I did several low country boils using the pot and basket during the summer and fried a turkey for Thanksgiving . I am very pleased because everything I need came in one package .
 We checked several big box and local stores and we are happy with the price tag and accessories that come with this one .
 this purchase is a second fryer.i purchased my first fryer in 2003 . awesome for steaming king crab legs , great lobster/crab pot , low country boil , etc. and this guy is from philadelphia ? you bet ! no backyard should be without one !
 I 'm not expert on turkey fryers but this thing is a beast . We had a wing night and it had not trouble gobbling up 20 + wings at a time . The qaulity appears to be there and all the components functioned well . Assembly is easy and only took a couple minutes . My only gripe is that an item named the Bayou Classic is made in China . I 'd pay a little more to have it Cajun made .
 This is my first ever turkey fryer , and could n't wait to use it . It cooks a great turkey , but quickly learned that I should have ordered the bigger fryer . The turkey I bought was only 14 pounds ! I followed the directions carefully and first filled the pot with water to determine the how much oil would be needed . After removing the turkey , the water line was still above the maximum fill line . Ignoring that fact , I marked the spot , replaced the water with peanut oil and brought it up to 350 degrees . I added the bird , causing the oil to bubble rapidly . Hot oil started spewing out of the pot and soaked the floor of my shed . Now I know why they do n't advise using this on your deck . The turkey tasted great , but what a mess I had to clean up . It seems to me that this pot will accomodate a really small turkey or a large roasting chicken . But if you want a 14 lb bird or larger , consider buying a bigger fryer .
 The product serves its purpose . I have no complaints about the design , functionality , or price . However , The base should not have been painted because it burns off on the first use .
 Its a great fryer . Very strong base for the pot to sit on . Was very impressed with the nuts and bolts that came with it being a mechanic and all . Usually you get the cheap soft metal hardware that strip out and break the first time you put a wrench on them but you can tell these ones were high quality . Was amazed on how many accessories you get with it for the price . Usually the more stuff you get with something the quality of the accessories drop severely , but not with this fryer . Heats up the oil or water very very fast without eating up to much propane . I got a gallon and a half of oil up to 350 in less that 8 min and once up to temp I turned the regulator down to the lowest setting and stayed perfectly at 350 ! Great product , would definitely buy more Bayou Classic products in the future !
 I loved that all the extra accessories were part of this package . It worked perfectly ... we made tons & tons of french fries and sweet potato fries . And , we 'll be using it again for a family cookout .
 We had such a great seafood boil party with the Bayou Classic 3016 ! I was a little concerned when we received the box since it was so small . Kudos to the one who packs all the pieces into the compact packaging !! HINT -- put it together before the party -- guests are in a rush to enjoy the food !!
 This is a great party starter . `` Have pots , come over , bring something and we 'll cook it in the backyard '' . I bought three of these and have used them several times for Low Country Boils and Crab Feasts . They are a little more narrow than I thought and I am glad I bought a few of them . They clean up easily with the hose and some soap and have been very durable so far . It would be nice if it came with a carrying case instead of trying to figure out how to fit all of the pieces back into the box . But that 's just a `` nice to have '' when people borrow them all the time.The men are anxious to stir the pot and look inside and the women are happy to have them do it . We 've had a lot of fun entertaining with these `` deep fryers '' and we have never fried a thing.I am always looking for new uses to cook anything outside by the pool . I 'm even thinking this would be great for neighborhood mulled wine this fall / winter . No smell in the house and an easy way to keep it warm and let friends participate .
 I love the versatility of this set , the smaller basket and fry pot . So far I 've only used it for turkeys -LRB- 3 in a month , 2 more coming up for x-mas -RRB- But everything worked well . Emptying it is a bit of a pain , I 've used another fry pot that had a nozzle mounted at the side of the bottom for easy emptying , that would be great , maybe one day I 'll order just that fry bucket . It was easy to assemble , and very straightforward , got the oil up to temp in about 20-25 minutes . Some of the paint did bake off in the first use , but that is to be expected .
 This cooker is great we used it on a cub scout camp out I cooked everything from a giant pot of soup to sausage and eggs for breakfast using a cast iron frying pan instead of the pot
 This fryer does it great ! The hardest part is trying to figure out how everything goes back into the box . The burner did a great job of heating the pot for frying a turkey . The paint on the burner will burn off within the first 10 or 15 minutes of starting it . I recommend doing this prior to actually cooking anything on top of the grill . I cleaned the aluminum pot after draining the oil when it was still slightly warm . It cleaned easily and quickly . I have n't had an opportunity to use the steamer but will this summer . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a cooker .
 We have been very pleased with this product and have used it several times with great success . No problems assembling . Some discoloration at first but that was gone after a second boil . It does not seem as heavy duty as some others -LRB- maybe the aluminum vs steel -RRB- but works great and was a bargain for all the stuff you get . Make sure you turn the gas up all the way otherwise it will take forever to boil . We have used it for low country boils , and used the smaller fryer for making tempura and fried fish . Awesome . Have not tried to fry a turkey yet but I am sure it would n't be a problem . My brother-in-law got one as well and he loves his too ! It 's a great addition for fun outdoor cooking and for large groups !
 This is the first time that I have owned such a product and I am happy with it considering all that I received for around $ 80 . The unit arrived with no damage and the stand was easy to assemble . The burner is powerful enough for my needs . It will burn the paint off of the heated area of the stand the first time you use it . Most of the paint burned off in under 5 minutes . I boiled some water to let the paint burn off and to also test the thermometer.Hookup to the my gas tank was as easy as a grill . The unit is easy to light and the gas regulator is easy to use . There was a pretty good breeze blowing on the day that I used it and the flame never blew out . Be sure to read the instruction manual on proper operation of the burner.One definitely needs to exercise caution around this thing when there is 350 + degree oil inside . Keep kids and pets away!It did a fantastic job with the turkey !
 This turkey fryer is great ! we 've experimented with a whole chicken ... turned out excellent and only took about 20 minutes ... best chicken I 've ever eaten!Then we tried it out to have a clam bake ... same thing , everything turned out great!Note ... you have to make sure you get the set with the extra pots ... it 's worth the 20 bucks extra to make sure you get them ... you can do a lot with this set . Love it !
 This product is easy to put together and very sturdy once assembled . So far I have done a few low country boils and fried up a ton of shrimp and had no problems . I had high expectations and this cooker met all of them . As some other reviews said , some paint will burn off and that is to be expected . Heated up pretty fast and is a very nice product . Would have been five stars but there were a few scratches on the pot when it arrived , nothing that a little normal use would n't have caused anyway but they should n't be on there from the factory . Overall a very good cooker and I 'm satisfied .
 The pots , lids and strainers and turkey stand are all aluminum . They do show marks with even light usage , and unfortunately , they will mark up a ceramic sink pretty badly . I 'd recommend washing them outside with a garden hose - it 's easier anyways considering how large the pot is . I 've done multiple 12lbs crawfish boils and while it 's filled to the brim to pack all the crawfish and crawfish related accessories -LRB- corn , potatoes , sausage , garlic , onion , mushrooms , etc -RRB- in there , it does get the job done . The burner is made out of steel and has rusted pretty quickly with any moisture coming into contact . The flame cooked the paint right off the middle of the stand . The overall package does not scream quality , but it does support everything well and you really can crank the flame up to a huge roar . It gets the job done economically and effectively . As long as you can live with it not looking like a million dollars as you use it , you should be satisfied with the bang for your buck . Next time I might pony up for a stainless steel version since I did use it quite a lot during crawfish season . For occasional use , I do n't see any reason to spend more unless you 're concerned about looks .
 The Bayou Classic is evrything thing you need to cook outdoors . Easy to assemble . Easy to light and regulate flame for cooking . Great clam and crab pots . it contains everything you need for frying or cooking ... great product for price .
 The Bayou Classic 3016 Fryer is Wonderful . It saves so much time all the way around from prep . to clean up . I have n't tried the turkey fryer part yet , but do n't have any complaints . Well worth the money !!
 We purchased this turkey fryer because we love to steam seafood and corn-on-the-cob and this is the best way to do it . We can have 12 people for a clam bake and do 100 clams per pot and the best part is it keeps that seafood smell outside and not in my house ! Love it .
 We have been very pleased with the product and think that we received great value for the price . Everything works well . My only criticism is that it was difficult to put the base together . We 're looking forward to cooking more crab this weekend !
 Bought this in anticipation of having a crawfish boil . Ended up trying it out as a deep fryer a couple of weekends before -LRB- fried a 16 lb turkey and some other random things -RRB- . It worked great ! We then had the crawfish boil , and again it worked wonderfully . As an outdoor cooker , I had no problems with it at all.I had read some of the reviews about assembly problems and parts not fitting or breaking , but this went together effortlessly . I did end up using my own ratcheting wrench to put it together as the location of the nuts made it difficult to use the small wrench provided in the kit , but I imagine one could assemble it with their wrench.My only complaint is the paint on the base . A good portion of it burned as we first fired it up , which gave off a horrid stench and some black smoke , which ended up staining the sides of the aluminum pot . After about 15 minutes it was gone . The base now looks like it is 5 years old and worn , as opposed to only 1 month , but what are looks when it works great ? I 'd still highly recommend this item .
 This product works very well ; however , assembly for the stand was difficult . Instructions were not clear or explicit enough . Final result was the turkey was delicious and enjoyed by all on Thanksgiving , 2008 !
 I was trying to decide between this fryer and the stainless steel version . So far I 've fried a turkey and steamed a couple of bushels of crabs and have been very happy with it . Clean up was very easy , so save money and do n't buy the stainless steel version .
 THIS TURKEY FRYER WAS A SUPERB PRICE COMPARED TO THE STORES - IT WAS DELIVERED RIGHT TO MY DOOR ON NEXT DAY SERVICE AND THE TURKEYS CAME OUT JUICY , TASTY AND I WAS TOLD TO NEVER USE AN OVEN AGAIN . IT ALSO MADE CORN ON THE COB , CAPONS , VEGGIES AND ZEPPOLES SO EASY AND SO TASTY . i SET IT UP TO MY BARBEQUE GAS CONNECTION AND VOILA ` IT FEELS LIKE MY KITCHEN WAS EXTENDED ONTO THE PATIO . GREAT IDEA AND THANKS AMAZON FOR YOUR SERVICE .
 I only gave four stars because I have used better , but the better ones did also cost twice as much . This one works very well , heated a small pot of grease to 350 in about 3 minutes when I fry chicken . I did n't have the quality issues some reviewers had , all my bolts fit and worked , so maybe they 've fixed it . Loved the included accessories with this deal . Two of my friends have burner setups like this , but I am the only one with all the accessories and they are well worth it . The paint burnoff on the stand was n't even as bad as I expected . It still looks good and only burnt off directly over the flame , and was burnt away and gone within five minutes of firing the thing up . I love this fryer ! Oh , and I relish putting up tough reviews so I am not saying I love this just to gush over it.Skip to four months after I wrote that review - Now , after a summer of use and some side by side comparisons with friends , I like this fryer even more .
 I bought this product to use in my Cajun Restaurant . It 's huge , well made , and arrived fairly quickly . I originally purchased a smaller unit thinking it would suffice my needs but when it arrived , I knew it would n't be big enough . I contacted the seller via email and immediately got a response indicating my choices . Once I decided on the larger pot , the seller sent it out immediately and I have been very pleased by the overall experience with this seller . Great product , thick , durable , not heavy as you would imagine due to its size , and very well made . Would definitely recommend .
 i am extremely pleased with my purchase , it is better than expected . Fast shipping , product in perfect condition , very good quality . would recommend .
 I was making a turkey at least twice a month . I would find an excuse to fry a turkey , whether it was a new recipe or St Patrick 's day . Nothing will beat a fried turkey . This product came with everything I need and more .
 I bought this to brew 5 gallon batches of beer . It gets hotter quicker than my electric range and my spills are easily washed away with a garden hose because I now brew on concrete . It brings 3.5 gallons of water to a full rolling boil in about 6-7 minutes . After 5 batches of beer taking an hour a piece , the propane tank is still half full . I love the thing and began using it to boil corn on the cob -LRB- 20 min @ full boil for 6 ears -RRB- and fry up some blue gill . I 'm going to attempt a turkey this Thanksgiving in the thing and maybe even roast some marshmallows over the burner . Would also make a great little heater for the patio when pounding those homebrews later in the evening . The options are virtually endless !! If you like to grill , you will love this turkey fryer .
 I have read some good reviews of this grinder , but bought one sight unseen a couple days ago . I needed a replacement for my Capresso 553 , which burned out last month , and the La Pavoni Alpina happened to be in the store where I returned my old Capresso . It cost me about $ 62 , after taxes , which seems to be a really low price compared to what I am seeing online.The La Pavoni Alpina grinds quite well -- I drink only espresso , so I use the 3 finest settings depending on what I want . I suppose one could grind for drip or other coffees with this machine , but I do n't think it would grind finely enough for a really dense Turkish coffee . The grind is very consistent , which is nice.A couple drawbacks
 Appearance and specifications are quite similar to the $ 29.95 Lello Ariete.Are they the same unit ?
 These are to replace a similar set that are a little worn from being used for so many years . They look great and arrived very well packaged . Hopefully they will last as long as the previous set .
 I purchased this turkey fryer kit with home brewing on the mind . I am a novice home brewer and this kit allowed for me and the fellow members of the Rat Bastard Brew Club to venture outdoors to brew beer , instead of in the cramped kitchen . This product allowed us to do a full five gallon boil , which provides you with a better product than a 3 gallon partial boil on the stove . I am pleased with this product and the quality of the kit in general , I would recommend this to anyone who has home brewing on the mind .
 This is a nice set and worth every penny , but the same manufacturer , Bayou Classic , offers another set here , same fryer but more accessories like a basket and fry pot -LRB- for seafood boils and such -RRB- included for only another $ 10 . Check it out before you spend more buying this one plus the extras if you 'll use them like we do : -RRB-
 I did a lot of research and if you follow directions , it is safe and fun.It takes about 25 min to heat the oil and 45 minutes to cook an 11 lb . turkey . The pot has a maximum oil level mark and that was the correct amount for our bird . The turkey must be dried well to prevent spattering . Watch the oil temp . so it does not go over 350 . Do it outdoors as the paint has to burn off the burners and it smells .
 I have n't fried a turkey in this -LRB- yet ! -RRB- but I did use it for brewing beer - I needed a big pot and a hefty outdoor burner to bring 6 gallons of beer to a boil . This brought it to a boil in about 20 minutes , when my stovetop -LRB- if it could even have done it at all -RRB- would take hours . This would 've gotten five stars except for two things
 This pot and stove are awesome for homebrewing beer . My boyfriend I just used it to bring our 6 gallon wort to a boil -LRB- It holds 7.5 gallons -RRB- and it only took 5 minutes max ! As far as the condition of the pot , it came a bit dented , maybe 4 tiny dents , but nothing major . It does n't affect the effectiveness of the pot at all . You can smell a bit of paint when you first turn on the burner but it did n't affect on the wort . I would highly reccomend for home brewing .
 I use the stand and the burner for brewing beer . It has working fine for me since the day I bought it . The stand can feel a little flimsy but trust me , it can hold plenty of weight .
 We bought this for Thanksgiving but found ourselves using it more often than just once a year . Easy to setup and great to use .
 I just got this unit yesterday . I bought this to brew beer in , but all I have done so far is boil 61/2 gallons of water for about 20 mintues to oxidize the aluminum pot . Once I actually brew , I will update this review . So what do I think so far ? Not bad for the $ . I was going to just get a burner and then buy a 40qt stock pot , but this was only 6 bucks more WITH a 30qt pot . Assembly was not difficult at all , but I would suggest you put the legs on the frame BEFORE you put the burner and heat shield on like the instructions say . You 'll save youself a ton of time and scraped up knuckles . This thing brought 61/2 gal to a rigorous boil in about 20 mintues . The flame control dial seems to be pretty responsive as well . I 'm not sure if they stared packaging it differntly since the other reviews but my stock pot came in great shape except for one little dig on the side . The handles are study , even when carrying it completly full of water . The paint does burn off rather quickly , so do this before you cook or brew anything . Do it in an open area too because it gives off some terrible smells and smoke . So all in all , a pretty good deal . we 'll see how it stands up to a brew day . *** UPDATE *** Used this for the first time about a week and a half ago . It was the first full boil I have ever done and I must say it went really well . The kettle di just as well as my stainless steel kettle . It seemed to hold temp pretty well too . This -LRB- along with my new immersion chiller -RRB- have cut out at least an hour and a half from my brew day . Fastest brew day ever ! There is something to be said about brewing outside with your best friend while listening to a baseball game on a beautiful day .
 I picked this up for $ 60 and it was a great deal . The fryer is well built and the pot is also strong . My only complaint is that the heat deflector makes a lot of noise when you 're moving it or it 's in the car .
 Did the whole fried turkey thing the first year . Realized the 2nd year that the oil to cook a 12 pound turkey -LRB- which costs $ 8 -RRB- is $ 50 ! Oil lasts about a year . $ 50 to cook a $ 8 turkey . This will go out at the next garage sale .
 Works well , but be very careful when putting the bird in the pot ! It 's a good idea to put the bird in the pot then fill with water to the max fill line . Then remove the bird and mark the water level , then fill to just below the mark you made . The oil expands as it gets hotter . When the oil is to temperature VERY SLOWLY lower the bird into the pot . Make sure your bird is fully thawed , with no ice or water in it . You will get painful hot oily splashiness if you do n't get all the ice out of it . Have fun and good eats !
 I have done a cajun boil and fried -LRB- 5 -RRB- chickens in this thing . It works great . Keeps heat at 350 deg F well.As for the 4 star rating ; the regulator acted up on me once . I shut everything down , re-started , and everythinghas worked fine since .
 Better than any of them we could have bought at Outdoor world or Academy . The price was great and the product is great . Havent had any issues with the paint on the stand like some do . We use it all the time .
 works great . we have cooked two turkeys so far and they have been wonderful . just be certain to lower turkey very slowly so you do not allow grease to spill over . moist inside .
 I was pleasantly surprised by how well this burner fried our Thanksgiving turkey . It was able to bring the oil to 350 degrees in around 20 minutes and hold that temperature easily during frying on a cool breezy day.As previous reviews have mentioned some paint will burn off but after 40 minutes of continuous use the burned paint was mostly confined to the inner supports.The pot and accessories included everything I needed -LRB- except your marinade of course -RRB- to easily fry a turkey.I think it is worth mentioning that the included instruction book is very clear and thorough . If you follow the directions you should be able have a safe and tasty fried turkey !
 We fried a turkey for thanksgiving in this fryer and it worked awesome . It was windy and rainy when we cooked our turkey and this fryer worked like a champ . Burner is stable and easy to use . The only complaint is the pot was pretty beat up when we opened the box , the pot was dented , but it still worked , and we are looking at replacements .
 Purchased this unit to replace my worn out fryer that we 've been using since 2006 . It worked perfectly this year for Turkey Day . Sure , the paint wore off -LRB- as noted in other peoples ' reviews -RRB- , but it 's an open flame being applied to a piece of metal . Of course the paint is going to burn off . The pot was n't the highest quality -LRB- it already had dents in it when it arrived at my house -RRB- , but it only has to work once a year for my family and it certainly got the job done this year . Simple set up , and solid construction
 I like my Bayou Classic Turkey fryer.It was easy to assemble and made of sturdy materials.It comes with everything you need to fry a turkey , except the propane tank .
 Just purchased this and it was a hit !! Easy to use and does a great job !
 I 'M SURE MY FRIENDS WILL ENJOY THIS TURKEY FRYER - IT 'S THEIR CHRISTMAS GIFT . THEY 'VE BEEN WANTING ONE AND NOW SANTA HAS GRANTED THEIR WISH.I CA N'T SAY MORE ABOUT IT BECAUSE IT HAS NOT BEEN USED AS YET .
 This item is aluminum so it WILL have and get some dents in it . It came with a few minor dents but nothingto worry about . I had to oxydize it before I used to brew beer but I have used it twice now for my extract and all grain brewing . EXCELLENT item ! Delivered fast ! I highly recommend this item for homebrewers , just be sure to oxydize it first . DOIT DOIT DOIT !!
 I bought this and easily installed a valve . It has worked great for Homebrewing and cut brew time in half because it quickly gets water up to temp . My wife is happy because we now brew outside . We only do all grain , but it will work partial mash and extract brewing also . I tried it for use with mash tun and sarge method and with the bag method . Worked well.Great Price too .
 I purchased this product to brew beer . I received my brew kit and fryer at the same time so I was ready to roll . Assembly of the fryer was extremely easy until I realized I was missing a crucial piece . The bracket that holds the burner was not in my box at all . I tore my house apart thinking that I misplaced it in all the excitement but much to my dismay , it was not there . The next day I called bayou classic -LRB- as per amazon 's instructions -RRB- and explained to them my issue . My part was put in the mail that day and they even offered to over night it if need be . This would be 5 stars if I did n't have to wait to brew but I 'm still a little disappointed so it 's only getting 4 stars . This works great for what I used it for and the customer service is great if they are needed .
 This was about $ 5 cheaper than a similar product at Home Depot . The pot had one small ding in it , and the manufacturer could learn to put cardboard between the parts and the pot , but other than that , it is great . Also , for some reason , they paint the frame above the burner . The paint burns off right away , and you probably do n't want to breathe that in . This is a perfect size for 5 gallon batches .
 worked great for turkey , and i also used a paella pan on it . It was very stable with the large pan on it . I did not have problems with the enamel coming off the first time i used it . Good deal for the money .
 The product arrived timely and in good condition . Everything was there . It was packed very well .
 Others have commented that it was difficult to assemble . I did not find this the case . It set up easily . The instructions were easy to understand and follow . It was easy to use . I wish everything was this straightfoward .
 It is exactly what you need to fry a turkey , nothing more , nothing else . It comes with all the accessories you need and assembly is a breeze . The injector is pretty cheap though , the needle is plastic .
 Ive had it for 4 years and I 've fried 4 turkeys in it it 's now become a tradition . this thing is still brand new !
 good staff , we like it very much easy to use and easy to operations , no problems at alll , if you like it go get it .
 I 've had this for years now and it still functions like brand new and is not showing any signs of wear . Works great for the price
 Used it for the first time on Thanksgiving . When it arrived it did not have the gas hose but when I called about it they put one in the mail that day and had it two days later . Great Service . The device that holds the turkey up when it is in the fryer is a little flimsy but worked ok .
 Bayou Classic Turkey fryer ... everything worked well ... turkey came out perfect ! could not have been any easier . Ca n't wait to use it again
 This unit is the ideal size for brewing beer and steaming crab legs ; have not had a chance to fry a turkey . The burner is very sturdy and the propane was easy to regulate . Overall a great purchase .
 Bought this for a crab boil . Make 3 batches in one night , and this turkey fryer performed like a champ . I 've used other fryers at seem to be a bit more sturdy , but for occasional use , this one is great . Ca n't wait for football season , this is going to be great for chili , stews , and Fried Turkey of course !
 I really like this set , it contains everything you need to fry a turkey . I would recommend firing up the burner for thirty or so minutes at a high temp to burn off the excess enamel from the stand and season the stand prior to actually frying the turkey . A great product , good price , delivered on time.I was able to fry a 19.92 lb turkey in this fryer , however I WOULD NOT recommend a turkey that large for amateurs , you should really stay below 18lbs .
 This is my first deep fryer and it 's awesome ! It was easy to use and easy to clean . The set contains everything you need , except maybe a fry basket which can be purchased separately if needed . We used it to fry our first turkey which turned out even more delicious than I expected . This was a very good fryer at a reasonable price and I look forward to using it for years to come .
 this is great for homebrewing . I made my 1st brew in it and it worked out perfectly.you should mention that it 's an aluminum pot and not a stainless steel pot . I was a bit disappointed by that but it did n't mention anywhere in the details what type it would be . Otherwise excellent
 This was the cheapest option that I could find to obtain a large pot and a propane burner for Beer Brewing . The pot did arrive with a few small dings but everything functions great and I am very happy with this purchase . The thermometer even works very well .
 Works great for brewing beer . Recommend firing it up and burning the paint off in the middle before fist use .
 Tried this out of the box for boiling Lobsters , We had 11 of the little beauties including a 3lber . We were very impressed with the burner .
 I wanted this year to start a new tradition by deep frying my turkey . I started doing research and bought this item from Amazon.It was really easy to setup and use . I recommend reading the instructions carefully and make sure to monitor your temp while frying , that is key !!
 Cooked our Thanksgiving turkey just as expected . Easy to put together , easy to use and easy to clean up and store away .
 I purchased this turkey fryer kit to use as a turkey scaulder -LRB- boil water , loosen turkey feathers -RRB- . The packaging was excellent . No dings , dents or bends . I was pleased with the legs and stability of the unit.DANGER
 I read all your reviews , and this one had good ones - so I ordered it AND a basket to go with it.It arrived in a timely manner and was a little challenging to assemble , but not too bad . Took me about 30 mins.I watched a videos on YouTube about how people fry turkeys , bought 4 Gallons of Peanut Oil -LRB- for about $ 11 per gallon - so plan on this expense too -RRB- - and proceeded to practice frying a whole chicken , some mushrooms , and a couple quartered potatoes . Everything turned out really , really good!BTW - You CAN use Canola or Safflower oils , but Peanut oil has the highest flash point and tastes freekin ' great.The next day , I used the burner and my iron skillet to pan fry a Porterhouse steak - which was great because it was faster than the grill , used less fuel , did n't smoke up the house , and made a great steak!I think I got my monies worth on this - and enjoyed cooking with it . ; - -RRB-
 We bought the fryer to use it for a Louisiana style shrimp and lobster boil . It worked really well ! It was so easy that we 've decided to try a fried turkey this Thanksgiving .
 Awesome starter kit . It comes with so many of the accessories that other companies charge extra for . It was pretty easy to assemble and it worked great .
 I ordered this turkey fryer to help with the chicken plucking process because I raise a small amount of chickens . I ordered the Bayou classic based on price and what was included . It arrived the next day ! Everything was packaged neat and tidy in a box . Total assembly maybe took 10 minutes . Great product , great price !
 The burner was fairly easy to assemble and gave off plenty of heat to steam crabs . Like others suggested , I fired it up and let the paint burn off before putting the pot on . The pot -LRB- 30 qt -RRB- was dented up and seems kind of thin but worked fine . I actually plan to get a 60 or 80 qt pot at some point so I can steam at least a half bushel of crabs at a time.I gave it 4 out of 5 just because of the dented pot , which did n't affect the function at all .
 This is the second Outdoor Fryer I have purchase . Wore a hole in my last pot . This was a Great deal and the product iss better then the original one I purchase when they first came out .
 Buy Buy Buy !!! I only need this fryer a couple times a year but it had everything I needed , great quality and 100 % satisfied .
 Good fryer for the money . It worked great . Easy setup and cleaning . We fried a 13 pound turkey but you can easily drop a 15-17 pound .
 Got this two days before Thanksgiving and was very pleased with ease of assembly and ultimate function of set . It worked great . Ca n't wait to steam some crawdads , then make some corn , do a seafood boil , etc , etc , etc. .
 The paint burnt off of the burner frame at first use but does not affect performance . The set did not include a wrench necessary for assembly which was inconvenient . The pot was dented but again performance is not affected . The instructions were accurate and clear . The bird cooked as described and was excellent . The set is versatile but uses A LOT of oil . Straining the oil after use for storage is a nuisance . It would help if the pot had a pour spout and came with a wide-mouthed funnel . Having read prior reviews , I was n't surprised by the product upon receipt . If quality is a must , then shop for another brand .
 I 've done 5 chicken/turkey 's in it now and am very happy with the size and heating . Thanksgiving hinged on my ability to get two large turkeys done before noon and it was n't a problem doing them back to back . The oil is quite expensive , but thats just part of it . I got a 5 gallon jug at Sams Club for $ 30 or so .
 Just like many other reviewers who bought this item , I am a homebrewer . It brought a full 6 gallons of water to a boil faster than I could have imagined . This is great for a transition from partial boils to full , and even to all-grain brewing if you use the BIAB -LRB- Brew In A Bag -RRB- method . Our pot came with a few tiny dings in it but it 's just a small cosmetic flaw . Who cares ? It works .
 I purchased this turkey fryer to use for brewing beer . It works great ! A nice kit for a beginner homebrewer .
 This works great ! This is our first and my hubby 's been asking for one for years . He was n't disappointed . He 's fried 4 turkeys since Thanksgiving and mainly because once you 've had fried turkey you never go back to baked and Thanksgiving was my first taste of fried turkey . All of the reviews were fairly on point except we did n't have any issues with assembling it .2 tips
 The fryer arrived on time and in good condition . The turkey was juicy , tender and delicious . The peanut oil recommended is quite expensive , $ 35.00 for 5 gallons at Smart & final , but proved good results . We found it wise to improvise a staff to hang the turkey on to enter it into the hot oil , and remove it . Maned by 2 people , this proved a safe satisfactory way to enter the turkey in to the hot oil at a safe distance . I brined the turkey as recommended , and injected almost a whole bottle of beer , before cooking.The clean up was a bit of a job . I would recommend a flame proof lining under the cooker , if on a patio , to prevent a lot of clean up of oil . It did clean up after soaking it in a layer of oxy clean , then a power hose . We soaked the cooker pot also before scrubbing it out.It is expensive , with the cost of the oil , a bit of work , but very good . It clears the oven and kitchen for other food preparation . Most other side dishes should be prepared before hand , because it cooks quickly . We had a lot of fun with our first fried turkey !
 I bought the cooker for home brewing , when it got here it was in the box just like when you bought it off the shelf at Walmart . When I got it unpacked the pot looked like it had been dropped out of an airplane ! This thing was packed well . Like it came from the factory but yet the pot looked like it had been hit by a truck ! Without a doubt it was damaged goods repacked with the hope to pass it on to someone else . In fairness to Amazon their return was easy , and shipping of a new one was fast . Will the next person take the pot ? They hope so . But the Bayou Classic is a great cooker .
 I purchased this fryer at a yard sale for $ 15 . It was a few years old and well used . After taking a wire brush and high temp spray paint to the cooker it looked as good as new . It fired up nicely and brought the oil up to temp in 20 minutes . For being used and abused the fryer worked great . The pot was it good condition with only a few minor dents that did not affect its performance . The only thing that was broken was one of the rivets in the turkey stand was placed too close to the edge of the upright rod and it had broken . Of course I did n't notice this before I bought it but it still performed nicely and the turkey was awesome . I will be purchasing the replacement holder and accessories asap .
 My only complaint is that it arrived in a plain/regular cardboard box . Is it refurbished?Since it was a gift , it would 've looked nicer in it 's factory sealed box .
 Purchased this unit to deep fry the Thanksgiving turkey with plans to boil crawfish during the season . No complaints about the unit as it performed well . The only problem was the supplied thermometer did not work , I advise testing yours before your cooking day . I also highly recommend firing it up before the day you plan on using it to burn off the paint as it does emit an unusual odor.I recommend the unit .
 This is the only fryer I have used , so I have nothing to compare it too . It was n't hard to set up and is easy to use . The three legged burner is sturdy on flat ground and the pot sits solidly on the flame . The turkey was delicious ! If you do n't want to spend a lot on a fryer , this is probably the one for you .
 This product was easy to use - downside - it did not include the basket as other fryers do .
 It 's a good product , but it cook faster than the info tells you to and you do need a propane tank .
 I read a lot of reviews about this product complaining that it was flimsy -- simply because it arrived with `` dents '' and/or shoddy packaging . You ca n't give a product a poor rating based on the shipping when clearly , purchasing through amazon , it can ship from a variety of different vendors . Ours arrived packaged superiorly well and only a few days after ordering . It was in its product box , which was inside another -LRB- equal sized -RRB- box . Everything was wrapped in plastic -LRB- numerous times actually , it was annoying -RRB- , with plenty of styrofoam and cardboard preventing movement and therefore preventing the pot from being scratched or dinged by any of the metal parts . That being said , we have not used ours yet but my wife put it together with ease . Although the pot is n't necessarily super heavy duty , it is far from flimsy . The base and the burner set up are strong and durably welded as far as I can tell . I 'm not yet sure about whether the paint truly `` melts off '' like some reviewers have claimed but I figure , it 's like a bbq grill ... I 'm sure it is designed to take a beating and if it 's that big of a deal , grab a can of high heat paint and it 'll look brand new again in under five minutes . I 'm looking forward to trying it out before Thanksgiving to be sure and if all goes well , we will purchase a basket for years to follow . I also did a lot of research before purchasing this kit -- many experienced turkey fryers recommend this as a great product for beginners unsure if they want to make the investment in a more expensive set up and I agree . The value for price seems on par and I 'm betting this will come in handy . I will update after trying it out !
 Wow , what a great purchase ! I bought this for brewing beer and am so glad I did ! This has made brewing so much more enjoyable and the full boils are really making a beautiful difference in the color of my beer.Assembly was a piece of cake too ! It took about five minutes total.My favorite feature of this pot is at about the six-gallon mark , there is an inward , rounded groove . I 'm not positive about this , but either by design or not , it more or less kills boilovers before they happen . I 've never actually let the wort just rise , I always stir just in case but throughout the hour long boil , anytime the beer starts to rise it hits the groove and dissipates immediately . It seems the groove sends the rising liquid back into the middle of the pot , greatly aerating it in the process and it goes back down . Whether by design or not , it is truly amazing !! Now hopefully if you 're looking at this item you do n't have any delusions about the quality of the pot . It works and works great but it 's thin brushed aluminum , not some beefy 7 gallon stainless steel pot like you might find for $ 100 more.Bottom line , if you 're looking to get out of the small pot in the kitchen and into a large full boil in the backyard this is a great place to start ! Highly recommended.I have no knowledge of how this performs for frying a turkey . . it is sturdy though .
 This was a Christmas gift for a very hard person to shop for . What do you get a man who has everything ? Something unique that no one else has ! This sign came well packaged and for the price , was perfect . It is sturdy and well made . My step-dad who loves rebuilding old plymouths , could n't wait to put it on the garage !
 This spicerack is AMAZING ! The greatest thing about it is that you can set it by the stove and you do n't even have to measure as you cook . If you turn the canisters one notch , it automatically measures 1/4 tsp for you . It rotates easily around , and the canisters stay on the rack as it rotates . If you do n't want to use the automeasure feature , the tops of the canisters lift open for easy pouring or sprinkling . My one and only complaint about it is that I wish it were bigger . I could use a double decker .
 This is a great product . Have had mine about 6 months & use it . It also can be mounted undercabinet so takes less space . Does look contemperary , but a little bit does n't hurt my country kitchen .
 The jars came with perfect condition . The quality is good . Yea it is plastic , but looks really very nice . I dont use the auto measure , so I dont know if it was good and messy . To me , i like the design , quality , and the size .
 I spent quite a bit of time trying to find a spice rack that I could fill with my own spices , had a small foot print , and had a convenient spice disposal . This one serves all of my needs and looks good to top it . As per the instructions you can stack more than one on top of each other , and it comes with an option to install it beneath the cabinet but I 'm keeping mine on the counter top next to the stove right now . And did I forget to mention that the price is great too ! I 'm uploading a customer image if it 's any help .
 I also got a much better deal on this product a few years ago through the Gold Box . I do n't think I would have survived telling my wife I spent over $ 300 on a pot so I know I paid much less . Like all Le Creuset products , this is heirloom quality . I do n't use it all that often but when I need to cook a big meal , this is the first thing I grab . It 's the size of a small bathtub and it 's heavy . Like the previous reviewer said , it will fit just about anything . Cleaning it is also easy . For the darker stains , use a little Bar Keeper 's friend and it will look just like new . If you can afford it , and if you cook big meals , this French Oven will be your best friend .
 wow i love it ! It 's great for campfire stews , soups chili ect . And feeds an army
 AS SHOWN IN ALL THE PICTURES , THERE SHOULD BE A GATOR ON THE LID ALONG WITH THE WORDS BAYOU CLASSIC . THE LID I GOT DID N'T HAVE THE GATOR ON IT . CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND WAS PROMISED THE RIGHT LID WOULD SHIP OUT RIGHT AWAY . GOT A WHOLE POT AND LID AND STILL NO GATOR . KEPT ONE POT AND LID AND HAD TO MAIL THE OTHER ONE BACK . THE POT IS JUST WHAT I HAD IN MIND AND I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT . BUT IF YOU ORDER ONE EXPECTING IT TO LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE , DO N'T COUNT ON IT .
 We have enjoyed this kettle for years . I purchased it specifically for baking bread when using the No-Knead method described in / on NPR . I intended to use it out doors , but it can be found in the oven , vying for space with my wife 's over priced clad cook wear .
 I usually have chilli with my tailgate and we tailgate A LOT ! Ask the fans at Stillwater , Mizzou , Minnesota State and Southeast MO. . This pot is a absolutely perfect for chilli or gumbo in the parking lot . I have ordered the propane burner matching this pot and ca n't wait for it to arrive . The heat definitely disperses more evenly with the thicker chilli and does n't stick and burn . I cured the pot three times with vegetable shortening before using . Twice in the oven and once on my smoker . Worth the trouble . It 's like a non-stick pot now . Did I mention it 's HUGE ! Buy this before your next party or tailgate . You wo n't regret it !!
 What a great kettle ! I was looking for something between a dutch oven and a cast iron kettle . This Jambalaya Pot is rugged enough to use outdoors over an open fire ; but , stylish enough to use in the oven or on stove top.Now i have to decide which daughter will inherit this kettle.A great find and a terrific deal , JW FinklerWilloughby Hills , OHNovember 2006
 Never burn your jambalaya rice again . You will need a good hot burner . I bought the Big Kahuna here on Amazon . You can go wrong with this one . Buy it !
 I love the look of my chair and coordinating ottoman ! It is not , however , the most comfortable thing to sit in ... not so good for relaxing . It is very very firm .
 I do n't own the chair , but have a friend who does and I love it . I was looking to buy it , but wanted to clarify that this does not include the ottoman and when it reclines it does n't have a foot rest .
 This came in a relatively small box so I figured it 'd take forever to put together . Wrong . It took about half an hour and we 've been using it for almost 6 months . The motion is smooth and the material is easily wiped clean with a wet wipe -LRB- ours is in the nursery -RRB- . Best of all it was cheaper with Amazon -LRB- via Target -RRB- than it was locally .
 I love the little countdown clock . It was easy to set -LRB- after I read the directions -RRB- and works great , even after my toddler decided to use it as a ball then a teether : o -RRB- I love watching it countdown and even though it was him that was dead set on getting married , he is the one -LRB- at this point at least -RRB- that freaks out watching the seconds tick by !
 This clock is beautiful , easy to set , and helps my fiancee and I keep our time restraints straight ! we love it . Every morning we wake up , we get so excited about how many days we have left to our wonderful wedding day !
 Bought this as part of a wedding planning survival kit for a friend . She loved it , so cute and perfect for what I needed
 This thing is hideous , but I bought it for my future daughter in-law . She loves it . A piece of advice for all men - the more ridiculous and hideous a wedding `` contraption '' is , the more that women will like it . Example ? This clock ! Another piece of advice ? No , sorry . That 's it .
 Bought three black and yellow Squosh balls as I work back into juggling.Good balance and weight for juggling balls . I had purchased three more of the same brand and type several years ago and a few things were noticeable - from the older trio.One of the three was distinctly different in feel , texture & sheen . Not quite a completely different material , but you would definitely believe they would not be matched set . That one also has taken much longer to break in , and the seams all bunched up at one corner which is noticeable in your hand . Given that my prior three that I purchased were all identical , I tend to think that the one different ball is just an offshoot.Overall they can take quite a beating , and I would recommend them to anyone for general juggling use . Definitely if you 're starting off - you ca n't get much better for quality & price .
 I am transitioning from mostly Tennis ball juggling to bean bag juggling as I am now juggling 4 at once and then move onto 5 ... and these are much easier to grasp then tennis balls . And so I am very happy with these.One surprise was how heavy they are -- I was n't expecting it -- but I think the extra weight may help with control.Very good , and they do n't look like they will split at the seams , etc. .
 I like the beanbags . I 've been able to juggling three-ball patterns for a few years , and just recently moved up to four-ball patterns . I do n't have a lot of experience with balls or bags , I just wanted something that would work . This product fits the bill . They might take a little while to break in , but they feel nice anyway . I only wish I would have ordered a few more -LRB- my kids seem to always grab them when they can :--RRB- -RRB- I considered five stars , but since I do n't have any other items to compare this too , I figured I 'd be a little conservative . I like them and will probably order more in the future .
 This review requires nineteen words , but that seems kind of silly to me . And I am sure others do too .
 Good juggle bags ... a little slippery so it takes getting used to . A fun toy to have sitting around the house . Someone is almost always using them .
 Very very good juggling balls . Nice feel and they have held up quite well so far . I especially like how they stretch and squish just a little when you catch them . Hard to juggle more than 5 but obviously they are n't meant for number juggling . Excellent for beginners and pros .
 It 's been over 6 months and these balls are holding up well . They 've got a nice weight and give to them and I 'm quite happy with them . I 've seen a lot of more expensive ones , which I 'm sure are great but these are more than enough for me for the time being.I will say though that the black and blue colored one seems to be made of a slightly different material . It 's shinier and slicker . Overall the ball is fine but I prefer the other ones a bit more -LRB- blue and green , blue and orange , red white and blue -RRB- . Ca n't speak for the other colors but I 'd recommend these for sure .
 I purchased three of these beanbags for learning to juggle . So obviously , I was expecting to drop them a lot ! As it happens , they have withstood the constant abuse very well . The variety of colors is great.I have to say that I bought these after buying another , cheaper beanbag here on amazon . I 'm here to tell you do n't bother with the cheaper ones ; these may seem expensive for a hobby but they will last more than a week !!
 I received these beanbags a couple of months ago and I would have to say these are one of the best that I have ever dealt with . They hold up great and are extremely durable , i have dropped them on concrete wet grass and hard wood floors and they hold up just fine . I would defiantly recommend these and will be adding more to my collection hopefully soon .
 I 'm fairly new to juggling , this is my first set of dedicated juggling balls so take that my perspective account . I 've mostly juggled bean-filled tennis balls and lacrosse balls up until now . The best thing about these bean bags is the size and weight . The weight is absolutely perfect for the way I juggle , but I can see it coming down to personal preference . The size is about the same as a tennis ball . My only real problem -LRB- which comes down to personal preference -RRB- is that the material it 's made of is n't very grippy . I 'm used to juggling rubber balls and these are slippery by comparison . Also not a negative but worth noting , the colors are a bit darker than they appear in the photo.Edit
 My daughter has taken up juggling and she needed some good weighted balls . Her friends who are accomplished at juggling were helping her and remarked how nice the balls were . There were guessing how expensive they were and they were astounded when I told them I got them off of amazon and they were so cheap -LRB- in price only -RRB- ! She loves them ! -LRB- And so does my wallet -RRB- .
 This is an excellent choice for juggling balls . They feel great in the hand and the weight is just right . There are so many color choices too . Definitely an upgrade over my old hackey sacks .
 These juggling balls are very durable ! I purchased five of them in order to practice juggling -LRB- 5 obviously -RRB- and they are perfect because they do n't break or roll away . I would suggest them to anyone .
 As an actor in plays and musicals , I have been required to learn several new things . While I was a part of the ensemble in ` My Fair Lady ' , my director asked me to learn how to juggle . For beginners , baseballs and hackey sacs simply would not do . So I purchased these to help me learn . With much practice and persistence , I eventually learned the art of juggling . The slightly weighted , well , weight of the ball is great alongside the squishy feel of the ball.Speaking from personal experience , if you want to learn how to juggle , these are great for starting .
 At the time of writing this review I 'd been juggling golf an tennis balls for a couple of weeks.As I got more proficient I wanted to take it to the next level and juggle beanbags.I was n't sure which beanbags to buy , so I found this -LSB- ... -RSB- video -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- that helped me decide to buy Deluxe.I bought four bicolor balls and was n't disappointed . The balls are high quality , pleasant to hold , and not too big . They look durable , but can not be sure - need to use them for a while .
 I ordered three juggling bean bags because I have been trying to re-learn juggling again after years of abandonment . These beanbags were perfect - they are well-filled , with straight seams , and they were n't outside of my budget . And , as you can imagine , I have dropped them a lot already , and there is no visible wear and tear . My cat even picked one up in his teeth and tried to run away with one - I was afraid there was going to be a hole in it before I caught up to him . But instead , I ca n't even find teeth marks . All in all , I am very pleased !
 These balls are simply great . There 's tons of colors to pick from - which is important for some tricks to have different colors . They are not huge which is good for me because i have small hands . They seem to be very well made and the price is right . I did find some cheap ones on here but seriously , you get what you pay for . Plus , the shipping was very very fast . I got them in 2 days even though I picked Standard .
 I 've had lots of vacuums and this series is the best I 've owned . Easy maintenance and extreme reliability make this a must have for those wanting a tough vacuum !!
 I have had the Juiceman Health Center for over 3 months . We have smoothies or shakes nearly every night . We are a family of six , so that 's at least two pitchers a night . I have not had a problem with mine at all . Now I do want to tell you that my husband is a HVAC service tech and he also works on all commercial restaurant equipment . He checked the smoothie maker out for me right out of the box . He noticed that the bearing was seized up on the bottom of the pitcher . The manufacturer had put it on too tight . Thus the four stars , otherwise it would have been five . I called Salton and they sent me out a new one and I had it in 5 days . I used the stainless steel pitcher in the meantime . I also want to mention that when I called Salton they told me to go ahead and use it like it was . The bearing would loosen up on its own . WRONG ! Do not do this . I believe that is what is causing all of these motors to blow up . The bearing is too tight and overloading the motor . Just make sure when you get yours at home to spin the bearing at the bottom , if the blade spins freely , you are safe , if not call Salton and get a new one and do NOT put in on your motor base . It will not free up on it 's own . Again , I absolutely love my smoothie maker . I have purchased three more of the older model as gifts because I love mine so much I want to share the fun ! For the money , you will not find a more powerful smoothie or shake maker anywhere !
 This machine is sturdy and will last you a long time . It 's much better than some of the other blenders that I used to have . You could make anything from tasty fruit juices , soups , smoothies to frozen margarithas . My favorite one is the crushed ice , rum , mango with lime juice .
 The product was delivered very fast and it was just what I wanted .
 I love these bags ! Heavy duty , easy to handle . I bought ten . The shipping is worth it and speedy !
 These are great bags . The size is perfect . Number One quality . I especially like the fact that they have no advertising so I can use them in any store without guilt .
 Yes it 's a grocery tote , BUT we 've used it to haul all kind of things for our kids all over the country . The straps are very sturdy and the bag itself is spacious . My husband did n't like the price at first , but now he wo n't leave the house without at least two in his truck ! Like they say you get what you pay for and this is the only tote you 'll ever need !!
 The bags were exactly as shown . They are easy to use and fold up . People have asked where I bought them , as they are so well made . Would definitely recommend them .
 The bags are extremely sturdy and hold a great deal of groceries . I can shop for two people for more than a week with 4 or 5 bags . They would also make great library book bags . So wonderful to quit using 9 or 10 plastic bags and help the environment , too .
 I love these bags . I thought about trying to sew my own , but that seemed very time-consuming and expensive , then I found these . I 've been using canvas grocery bags for many years and these are way better than all the other bags I have . Nice and sturdy and they do n't fall over in the car or on the kitchen counter.These bags are a wonderful alternative to the paper or plastic dilemma , and many stores still give a few cents ' credit for reusable bags . All the grocery clerks and baggers love them because they stand up well for packing groceries . I just placed another order so I will have nine of these bags , then I 'm going to reuse all of my other old floppy canvas grocery bags for other purposes.Shipping is kind of expensive , and they take a while to arrive , but I 'm very happy with my purchase and highly recommend them .
 The tote is roomy and works well for bringing groceries home . Strong with sturdy handles . I bought 5 and have used them for a week 's worth of supplies .
 I love these totes . They hold a lot of everything . The shipping is a bit much but the bags more than make up for it as far as I 'm concerned .
 Just recieved my grocery bags and I am very very pleased . They have lots of room and are really well made . I no longer have to use plastic that rips and you have to recycle , -LRB- for ever -RRB- . I like the fact too that the bottoms are flat so nothing falls over . They are more then worth the price .
 I love these bags !!! I was worried when I bought these bags because the price was high for my family budget but they turned out to be great !! I love the short handles and you can not believe how sturdy they are . Every store that I have used them in , people comment on how nice they are ! Highly , highly recommend . After you have used these you will not want to use a plastic bag again !
 This is the bag I 've been looking for -- sturdy , just the right size , flat bottom , eco friendly . I 've been recycling since the early 70 's and this fits right in with my goal of saving the earth for the next generation .
 I was so impressed when I received these bags . I love how they are designed with a flat bottom so that they stand up on their own . They are a heavy weight fabric and have sturdy handles with double stitching . The first time I used them at the store , the grocery bagger asked me where I got them and said they looked so well made . I had looked at several bags online before purchasing these and feel like I got a great value .
 I chose this bag based on the positive reviews . The five bags arrived within days of placing the order , enabling me to use them during my weekly trip to the grocery store . The bags exceeded my expectations . They are roomy , sturdy and easy to carry . I could not be more pleased .
 these bags were a christmas gift to my sister and she loves them . . it 's safe for the environment and it 's easy for grocery shopping !
 I bought these bags for an earth-friendly friend for Christmas and they were a real hit ! The canvas they are made of is sturdy , and having a flat bottom like a regular paper grocery bags makes them easy to load and unpack . I even added a patch on each that said `` Love Your Mother Earth '' with an embroidered picture of a globe . They were a good value too .
 These are excellent bags ; they hold a ton of groceries , wash well , and roll up pretty small so they are easy to carry around in the car . I am planning to buy more to give as gifts .
 The Port & Company grocery bags were a Christmas gift to our kids who live in Chicago and walk to the grocery store . No more torn bags . They like them a lot !
 The Grocery totes by Port and Company are the best I 've found . They 're sturdy , washable , easier to handle than paper or plastic and hold approximately twice what a plasic bag holds , yet the sturdy handles make the extra weight negligible . They 're much more enviromentally friendly PLUS more functional .
 I recently received these bags . Great product at a great price ... I hope they become available once again .
 I am very pleased with the quality of these bags . They worked wonderfully on a recent trip to the grocery store . They are very spacious and I love the fact that they are shaped like a standard paper gorcery bag , with a flat bottom . Yet they collapse and fold very easily and take up very little space in storage.I was all set to buy a few more -- I hope they become available again soon .
 Arrived very fast . Double stitched in stress areas of handles . Looks very sturdy . Am happy with the purchase . Thank you . Note
 I purchased about 30 of these bags to share with family . This is the best canvas bag I found for grocery shopping . It is shaped like a typical grocery bag , so baggers do n't have problems with it and do n't overload it like they used to with my old canvas bags . You can put it over your shoulder if you wish . I put 9 bags in 1 of the bags so I can go in with 10 bags when I shop . It is very sturdy and can easily carry a large laundry detergent container or gallon of milk - I would n't hesitate to recommend this item .
 These are the best made tote bags I have been able to find . Heavy duty , well stitched , and just the right size for groceries . I finally found a bag worth embroidering on . Definitely will be purchasing more of them in the future .
 These bags are large and will hold almost too much if the items are heavy . Very pleased with the quality and sturdiness . I almost did n't order them because the shipping charge for 10 bags was over $ 28 . The company could do a lot better on this charge , such as using a priority mail flat rate box . Perhaps if they come down on shipping , I 'll order some more bags as gifts . The other reviews on the quality of the bags are right on the money and helped me decide to go ahead and order them .
 It was great to be asked by the cashier how many bags you have and get a discount for helping save the grocery store money on buying plastic bags and I can help the environment in some small way . Okay -- here is the test
 This bag is exactly what I wanted -- machine washable , perfect size , comfortable handles . Material is thick enough that groceries with poky corners do n't stick out and bruise my leg while I 'm walking , which used to happen all the time . The minus one star is for the very high shipping costs , plus that when I received them I found they were made in China . I wish I could have found a similar bag that was made and sold locally ... but I looked to no avail .
 I have had these bags for a few months and love them ! They are very strong , no signs of tearing . They can hold up to as much as double what a plastic bag holds . I bought these because they have a large flat bottom , the handles are the perfect size to carry , and they are not Polypropylene . I have washed them , and they did shrink about 1 inch . I ironed and starched them , -LRB- yes , I 'm crazy about my bags ! -RRB- to give them the stiffness back , and they are like new . My only complaint , and it has nothing to do with the bag themselves , is the shipping price . I wanted to buy 10 bags , but the shipping that Andrew Christian charges is outrageous , so I wound up buying 8 . I will not take any stars away for shipping , that has nothing to do with the bag itself , but beware before you buy . I know a big problem with bringing your own bag is remembering to bring them ! It was hard at first , but now it is like second nature to me . Hubby thought I was wasting money at first , now he says they are worth it , and he uses them too . I ca n't say enough about these bags ! Love em ! : -RRB- UPDATE
 This was given as a gift and they love it . They especially like the fact that it is sturdy and holds more than most bags . Also they mentioned they liked the plain bag with no advertisements on it.It is a winner.Only drawback is the shipping cost almost as much as the bags themselves !!!!
 These bags are great . I am so glad I have them.I hope they last forever . The canvas handles do n't hurtmy hands , like the plastic bag handles do .
 Great product . Sturdy . Useful . Not showy in terms of logos , affiliation . Does n't draw attention to the fact you 're environmentally conscious while you 're using it in the market . Washes great in warm water .
 I bought these and have been extremely pleased with the high quality . Very study &#8212; and comfortable to carry even when packed to capacity . They replicate the size of the standard paper grocery bags . I purchases them after my county imposed a plastic bag tax to encourage reusable bags . I purchased 6 of them . The highest praise probably came from the &#34; baggers &#34; at the grocery store . On two occasions I 've been told by the &#34; baggers &#34; at the store what &#34; really nice &#34; and &#34; great &#34; bags these are . Those guys see a lot of different bags on a daily basis and they really liked these bags . Enough said there !
 Just used the grocery tote bags I received from this company and was very impressed . They are sturdy canvas and will hold a large amount of groceries without feeling like they will rip at the seams . We always put a piece of cardboard in the bottom of our bags to make them easier to load and they had plenty of room to do this . I will definitely be ordering some more so I have plenty .
 These canvas bags have been great ! I use them only for my groceries . They are very durable and able to hold a lot . I love how much I can put into the , and easy to carry . No need to use the plastic bags , and have to find a place to store them . I give these bags 5 on the scale ! I HIGHLY recommend them for anyone who is looking for a good bag , for any purpose .
 Bought 4 of these back in summer of 2008 . Have used them extensively and just toss them in the wash periodically to clean them . We 've gotten free bags from various stores , but none of them hold up as well and last as long as these do .
 I have had some of these bags for several years and I use them all the time . The quality is excellent . They hold A LOT and are sturdy and well put together . I have had these bags for several years and with the possibility that plastic bags may be outlawed in California I ordered more to be sure I had plenty . I highly recommend these bags . The order also came promptly .
 Of all the reusable grocery bags I 've purchased , this one is the best . It 's large size & square design can fit 2 large bags of ice in it . It 's well constructed and very durable . The only drawback is it 's a bit `` pricey '' , especially with the shipping charges , but you get what you pay for .
 These are a great gocery bag.Well made , heavy duty for goceries , and reuseable for sure.Can finally say goodbye to themweak platic bags the stores use.Thought the price was good , they getyou on the shipping , but with the costof gas to travel , shopping online is theway to go , and it 's come right to thehouse .
 I bought the bag to use as a mail bag for incoming mail until I can go throught it .
 Cheap and saves animals from choking on our waste -LRB- plastic shopping bags -RRB- how can you go wrong ?
 EXCELLENT HIGH QUALITY GROCERY TOTE BAGS . EASY ON YOUR HANDS AND HOLDS ALOT OF GROCERIES . VERY THICK CANVASS SO THEY WILL LAST FOREVER . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE BAGS . WHILE THE SHIPPING CHARGES WERE HIGHER THAN I WOULD HAVE LIKED , THE QUALITY AND THE STRENGTH OF THESE BAGS MAKE UP FOR IT . NO MORE OF THOSE PLASTIC SACKS FROM THE GROCERY STORES . YES !!! I ORDERED ENOUGH TO SHARE WITH MY FAMILY . BONUS FOR EVERY FIVE YOU BUY , ONE IS FREE . -LRB- MAKES UP FOR THE SHIPPING -RRB- . WELL WORTH THE MONEY YOU INVEST IN THESE . THEY ARE SUPER LARGE AND STRONG AND STAND UP WELL . I WAS ABLE TO FIT THE CONTENTS OF THREE OF THE FLIMSY PLASTIC BAGS INTO ONE OF THESE , MAKING LESS TRIPS FROM THE STREET OR CAR WITH THESE . NATURAL COLOR GOES WITH EVERYTHING . I LOVE THEM.WOULD MAKE A PERFECT GIFT FOR GREEN , ECOLOGICALLY FRIENDLY FRIENDS .
 I wanted a large bag , heavy material , and short carrying straps . This bag meets all those criteria . The short straps mean you can carry the bag with your arm hanging extended and not have the bag touch the ground . -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' 5 '' -RRB- Long straps aid in looping a bag over your shoulder , but I was not interested in that . A single bag can be loaded with about all you want to carry with one arm . I 've filled mine with a gallon of milk , heavy canned good , and meats and it has handled it well . The bags are a little expensive , but look like they will last a while .
 The product is a excellent quality . Just be careful with washing and drying . Use only cold water and do n't dry . It says on instructions.Make sure you only buy it from Gravity trading . I had some issues with my bag . I contacted Gravity Trading and Nikki from this company responded right away and was just amazingly nice . She shipped a new one the same day and I received it within 3 days . Love it !
 What can I add that everyone else has n't already said ? I have been using these bags for a couple of years now and just added a couple more . The one thing I would like is to have some red ones so I could color code my groceries with the green stuff in the green bags , frozen stuff in blue bags , meat in red bags and canned good in the white bags.I happy to see that enough people are using cloth bags that sackers know how to deal with them now , and I really like not having to figure out what to do with a bale of plastic bags after each trip to the store - they all somehow manage to get a hole in the bottom so they are n't much good for re-use as bags.There are two things that cloth bags are n't real good for
 These are terrific bags at a great price ! I have seen bags that were very flimsy & small that were priced much higher . I have been using these for several weeks now , & have not had any problems at all . They are well made of sturdy cotton fabric , reinforced at stress points , and are slightly larger than a standard grocery bag .
 This tote is an excellent size . It holds alot and the handles arevery strong . I can get in one of these what I used to use 3-4 plasticones for . I have had numerous people ask about them when shopping , and Ilike that there is no store name or advertising on them so I can take themto any store .
 These bags are made of thick canvas and are about the size of a typical paper grocery bag . They are n't terribly structured but I find that they work just fine . The handles are sturdy , though not long enough to hang on your shoulder .
 I am very pleased with these grocery totes ! They are the perfect size - even when the grocery clerks overfill them they are not too heavy to handle . I love the plain canvas , I love the size , I love the handle length . These are the perfect grocery tote ! Thank you , Port & Company !
 Very good bags . I may have to purchase more for my family . Everytime I use these I get comments on how everyone needs to start using useable bags . Highly recommend .
 Port & Company - Grocery Tote BagThese are great bags ! I love the squared bottom and they are really easy to pack . The handles are also a good length -- not too long like some bags . I 'm thinking of ordering some for Christmas to give to friends and family so they 'll have an alternative too to the `` paper or plastic ? '' dilemma .
 I was searching high and low for this snowbaby item . Could n't find it anywhere -LRB- not even on the department56 site -RRB- . Then I saw it on amazon . Ca n't believe how amazon.com has EVERYTHING you need !!! Thank you for putting my obsession under wraps . Now my new babies room will be perfect !
 I bought this frame in pink for my little granddaughter and now I bought it in blue for my grandson . It is a beautiful gift that shows thought and sensitivity to detail . The mother-to-be will cherish it for years to come ! Good size too .
 I have used this cookware extensively for braises , stews and in the pot roasts , on both the oven top -LRB- range -RRB- and oven . It is a delight to use and cooks beautifully . It is far superior to any cast iron pots that I have , as it cooks food more completely , is much lighter and the clean up is a breeze . If these pots were promoted on HSN they would be classified as `` wonder '' cookware.I suspect the last reviewer is an inexperienced cook who does not really understand how to use these wonderful pots . It is easy to brown food and control temperature . These a top grade pots produced by a high quality manufacturer .
 I was looking for a piece of cookware that could also be brought to the table . My expectations were exceeded with Emile Henry 's flame brazier . I have used it so far only for baking . The resulting crust was moist and looked and tasted totally professional . I like the large knob on the lid which makes lifting it off a pleasure . the handles on each side of the brazier make it 3easy to carry . Highly recommended !!! -LRB- PS > it is much lighter than the traditional cast iron covered with enamel ... which is yet another plus -RRB-
 For some reason I started to find recipes which start on the top of the stove and then are to be transferred to the oven . This nice , large brazier has the advantage of being able to brown and then bake in the same container without melting handles off some other conventional frying pans.I have never had any burning problems as a previous reviewer surprisingly reported . In fact , cleanup of this item is a breeze , since it goes right in the dishwasher and is even easy to clean by hand . I love my Emile Henry pieces and would recommend them to anyone who wants to give a gift to someone which will be appreciated for years to come .
 Thanksgiving is coming -- and Christmas -- and New Years -- and big dinners are part of the festivities . Eco friendly cookware that can go from the oven to the table and look great is invaluable , especially if , like me , you have limited storage space . Enter the Emile Henry Braiser.This brasier is perfect for braising greens , roasting vegetables , baking casseroles , and desserts like cobbler or apple crisps . You can saute onions right in the pan , then add the rest of your ingredients , pop it in the oven , and look beautiful on the table . When you go to clean it , baked on food comes right off -- no need for non-stick . If you need to take a dish to a family member or friend 's house , this would be a handy thing to have as you can prep your food , store it , and make a nice presentation at your destination.My standard -LRB- extremely easy -RRB- crowd pleaser
 A very versatile and visually attractive cookware piece . I have owned it for three months now and have used it almost daily with excellent results.Yesterday I cooked carrots and endives in butter and after washing this braiser , a faint food odor remained . It did not happen with other dishes cooked previously such as braised leeks and onions or tomato sauce . I left the braiser overnight , lid on , after putting some powder bicarbonate -LRB- Arm and Hammer -RRB- in . It did not remove the odor . Washed it again with lukewarm water and put in freshly squeezed lemon juice . After 8 hours `` soaking '' it with lemon juice I was able to remove the odor although it has now a -LRB- nice -RRB- faint lemon odor . YES , I did follow EH instructions on boiling milk etc , before using it for the first time . Despite of this issue , I am very pleased with this EH braiser .
 I 've owned this pan for over five years now and it still looks brand new . I probably use this at least once to twice a week . It works perfectly on my gas cook-top and is wonderful for use in the oven and microwave as well . Clean-up is a breeze as it 's naturally non-stick . Highly recommended .
 If you have a wood oven , this is the cookware for you . The plus is that it is a dream to cook with no matter what your heat source . The Emile Henry Flame Top is top of the line and fabulous . It is not only functional but beautiful as well . I smile every time I use the brazier or one of the other pieces because it cooks evenly , goes from the stove/oven right to the table , and it cleans up nicely even after over 500 degree open flame cooking . I also love that I can store food in it without worry . Freezer to stove/oven to table to dishwasher equals perfect in my book . You also can not beat the 10 year warranty not that I think I will need it .
 Emile Henry produces top quality ceramic kitchen wares . This Brazier is no exception and cooks as good as it looks . Following manufacturer 's instructions is key to successful cooking with these type dishes . I love the lighter weight of ceramic over cast-iron wares and would buy this again even though it costs more than the comparable iron dish . I have gotten many compliments on this brazier and would definitely recommend it to a friend .
 Has anyone used this pot for table top cooking as in Japanese Nabe ? Does it have a vent hole in the lid?I love the look of this pot -LRB- but prefer it in black -RRB- but not sure it is deep enough however for Nabe ... Does anyone know of a great and simple Nabe pot ?
 I took a chance and ordered w/o other reviews available . This is my first space bag and I should have done this sooner . It 's about the length of a dry cleaner bag and the plastic itself reminds me of a thick shower curtain liner . Using it without hangers I treated it like a drawer and made 3 piles of summer/work shirts , so they were either sleeveless or short sleeved . I went further and staggered several skirts so I could see a little of each one . More than 40 pieces fit nicely . I opted not to use the slider when closing the bag , I am just too conditioned with other zip closures to depend on my fingers to secure the seal . The chrome hanger is external to the bag and the fasteners it fits into are fixed into the bag framework . I hung it up and waited to see if the chrome hanger would rip or re-inflate , neither happened and we 're on day three . Hanging with the rest of my clothing I measured alongside the chrome hanger with empty plastic hangers to access the clearance , 4 hangers on each side . So I ended up with 8 hangers of space for more than 40 pieces .
 I did n't have enough room on my new sink for a soap dispenser so I bought this . It 's pretty pricey for what it is , but it 's also really pretty and well made . The body of the dispenser pops right out so you can fill it easily and installation was pretty simple . The top is just a little bit wobbly but I 'm thinking it 'll be better once I adjust the way it 's screwed in .
 I got this Darth Vader Cutout for my husbands 40th birthday party . All of our guests got to take pictures with him , and I had them printed at the party . They were very fun to look at for everyone . He comes bent in half , so there will always be a crease across his mid section . He is made of thick cardboard which holds up well if kids arent hitting him with lightsabers ! Lightsabers will cause holes in him !
 Ca n't really say anything bad about this unless you are not a fan of the dark side . It 's a huge Darth Vader that we bought and put in my boss 's office to kiss his Star Wars butt on boss 's day . Guess what ! A Star Wars fan was very very happy with it!A + , 9.78415 / 10 , would go to the dark side again
 It was easy to put put up . It looks better than expected . I was worried about the seams other reported , but I found this to be very minor on mine.It is cardboard box stock with the picture printed on it . I carefully unfolded it on the floor and was very careful not to wrack the cardboard parts when unfolding the cutout and stand glued to it . It all folded together perfectly and stands rigidly.There are two seams where the 3 panels come together . They do n't jump out at me . Unless you look for them , you are not likely to notice them . If you refold it to store and put it back up a few times , I 'm sure how well it will hold up . Being all cardboard , it 's not really designed to hold up to that.Short of sending it as one non-folding piece , it 's as good as it can be and it 's pretty good . As it is , the box it came in measured 45 `` x32 `` x3 '' . The folded cutout is 48 `` x 22 '' . To ship it as one 7 ' long piece would incur a large shipping charge for such an oversize item . I think it was a fair price for around $ 40 delivered .
 took a long time to get and no tracking / updates . I 'd do it again , but be careful of deadlines like bdays or Christmas .
 My grandson loved it . He said at first it startled him when he entered his room , and was a good way to cure hickups
 My son loved that Darth Vader showed up to his birthday party ! It definately looked `` real '' in photos . It came in a large box folded up in thirds which made for two large creases in Darth when he was standing up . Obviously no way to get around that but he is n't `` flat '' standing up . It was easy to take off the excess cardboard & put up .
 This is a great comforter . It 's the perfect weight ! It is not , however a Cal-King . I was told nobody made Cal-King comforters while on a quest for a Cal-King duvet . Turns out the sales person was right ~ the King duvet fit perfectly ! Whatever !
 It 's nice and warm but , if your thinking your going to get all of the baffles filled due to the price you pay . Your not . It 's very soft and warm . I been sleeping in my truck with it in 20 degree weather out in Rockies and its very warm and cozy . For the comfort , I love it . It comes from CA so expect long shipment time to TN . anyways .
 I 've been absolutely delighted with this warm , soft and light comforter for nearly 2 years , and in fact just logged onto to view my purchase history to see if I could find another one for my daughter as a gift . I have found this comforter to be extraordinarily light and fluffy . Through two unpleasant Northeastern Winters , I have felt as though I have been sleeping among warm clouds !! I use the comforter with a queen size bed , and perhaps that is why I have not been concerned with the size .
 Had this for about a few years now . Great when you need an extra bed . Very easy to inflate it and i 've been told it is quite comfortable as they can adjust the firmness/softness of the mattress by releasing some air out or inflating more air . Got two of these . They are very portable as well if you go to someone 's house and they do n't have an extra bed . All you need is a floor to lay this down and you got an instant place to sleep . The vinyl is quite thick so I would n't worry about it bursting or ripping . Highly recommend .
 Bought three black and yellow Squosh balls as I work back into juggling.Good balance and weight for juggling balls . I had purchased three more of the same brand and type several years ago and a few things were noticeable - from the older trio.One of the three was distinctly different in feel , texture & sheen . Not quite a completely different material , but you would definitely believe they would not be matched set . That one also has taken much longer to break in , and the seams all bunched up at one corner which is noticeable in your hand . Given that my prior three that I purchased were all identical , I tend to think that the one different ball is just an offshoot.Overall they can take quite a beating , and I would recommend them to anyone for general juggling use . Definitely if you 're starting off - you ca n't get much better for quality & price .
 I am transitioning from mostly Tennis ball juggling to bean bag juggling as I am now juggling 4 at once and then move onto 5 ... and these are much easier to grasp then tennis balls . And so I am very happy with these.One surprise was how heavy they are -- I was n't expecting it -- but I think the extra weight may help with control.Very good , and they do n't look like they will split at the seams , etc. .
 I like the beanbags . I 've been able to juggling three-ball patterns for a few years , and just recently moved up to four-ball patterns . I do n't have a lot of experience with balls or bags , I just wanted something that would work . This product fits the bill . They might take a little while to break in , but they feel nice anyway . I only wish I would have ordered a few more -LRB- my kids seem to always grab them when they can :--RRB- -RRB- I considered five stars , but since I do n't have any other items to compare this too , I figured I 'd be a little conservative . I like them and will probably order more in the future .
 This review requires nineteen words , but that seems kind of silly to me . And I am sure others do too .
 Good juggle bags ... a little slippery so it takes getting used to . A fun toy to have sitting around the house . Someone is almost always using them .
 Very very good juggling balls . Nice feel and they have held up quite well so far . I especially like how they stretch and squish just a little when you catch them . Hard to juggle more than 5 but obviously they are n't meant for number juggling . Excellent for beginners and pros .
 It 's been over 6 months and these balls are holding up well . They 've got a nice weight and give to them and I 'm quite happy with them . I 've seen a lot of more expensive ones , which I 'm sure are great but these are more than enough for me for the time being.I will say though that the black and blue colored one seems to be made of a slightly different material . It 's shinier and slicker . Overall the ball is fine but I prefer the other ones a bit more -LRB- blue and green , blue and orange , red white and blue -RRB- . Ca n't speak for the other colors but I 'd recommend these for sure .
 I purchased three of these beanbags for learning to juggle . So obviously , I was expecting to drop them a lot ! As it happens , they have withstood the constant abuse very well . The variety of colors is great.I have to say that I bought these after buying another , cheaper beanbag here on amazon . I 'm here to tell you do n't bother with the cheaper ones ; these may seem expensive for a hobby but they will last more than a week !!
 I received these beanbags a couple of months ago and I would have to say these are one of the best that I have ever dealt with . They hold up great and are extremely durable , i have dropped them on concrete wet grass and hard wood floors and they hold up just fine . I would defiantly recommend these and will be adding more to my collection hopefully soon .
 I 'm fairly new to juggling , this is my first set of dedicated juggling balls so take that my perspective account . I 've mostly juggled bean-filled tennis balls and lacrosse balls up until now . The best thing about these bean bags is the size and weight . The weight is absolutely perfect for the way I juggle , but I can see it coming down to personal preference . The size is about the same as a tennis ball . My only real problem -LRB- which comes down to personal preference -RRB- is that the material it 's made of is n't very grippy . I 'm used to juggling rubber balls and these are slippery by comparison . Also not a negative but worth noting , the colors are a bit darker than they appear in the photo.Edit
 My daughter has taken up juggling and she needed some good weighted balls . Her friends who are accomplished at juggling were helping her and remarked how nice the balls were . There were guessing how expensive they were and they were astounded when I told them I got them off of amazon and they were so cheap -LRB- in price only -RRB- ! She loves them ! -LRB- And so does my wallet -RRB- .
 This is an excellent choice for juggling balls . They feel great in the hand and the weight is just right . There are so many color choices too . Definitely an upgrade over my old hackey sacks .
 These juggling balls are very durable ! I purchased five of them in order to practice juggling -LRB- 5 obviously -RRB- and they are perfect because they do n't break or roll away . I would suggest them to anyone .
 As an actor in plays and musicals , I have been required to learn several new things . While I was a part of the ensemble in ` My Fair Lady ' , my director asked me to learn how to juggle . For beginners , baseballs and hackey sacs simply would not do . So I purchased these to help me learn . With much practice and persistence , I eventually learned the art of juggling . The slightly weighted , well , weight of the ball is great alongside the squishy feel of the ball.Speaking from personal experience , if you want to learn how to juggle , these are great for starting .
 At the time of writing this review I 'd been juggling golf an tennis balls for a couple of weeks.As I got more proficient I wanted to take it to the next level and juggle beanbags.I was n't sure which beanbags to buy , so I found this -LSB- ... -RSB- video -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- that helped me decide to buy Deluxe.I bought four bicolor balls and was n't disappointed . The balls are high quality , pleasant to hold , and not too big . They look durable , but can not be sure - need to use them for a while .
 I ordered three juggling bean bags because I have been trying to re-learn juggling again after years of abandonment . These beanbags were perfect - they are well-filled , with straight seams , and they were n't outside of my budget . And , as you can imagine , I have dropped them a lot already , and there is no visible wear and tear . My cat even picked one up in his teeth and tried to run away with one - I was afraid there was going to be a hole in it before I caught up to him . But instead , I ca n't even find teeth marks . All in all , I am very pleased !
 These balls are simply great . There 's tons of colors to pick from - which is important for some tricks to have different colors . They are not huge which is good for me because i have small hands . They seem to be very well made and the price is right . I did find some cheap ones on here but seriously , you get what you pay for . Plus , the shipping was very very fast . I got them in 2 days even though I picked Standard .
 We used a George Foreman Champ model grill for a year before dropping and breaking it . We replaced it with the George Foreman Grilleration model . Since there already so many reviews of the Champ - here 's a comparison of the Champ versus the similar , but larger , George Foreman Next Grilleration : Cleaning
 I love this appliance ! I am young and single and just do n't cook , but I can eat only so much of frozen foods , soup and salad . I saw this on sale at amazon one day -LRB- ... Great price ! -RRB- and decided to give it a try . I have friends who have made positive remarks about their own grilles , so figured at that price , I did n't have much to lose . I 'm so glad I did ! The grille is everything it promises to be . It 's opened up a whol new world for me , eating-wise -LRB- and I 'm saving money by avoiding eating out . -RRB- It 's quick and easy . I 'm enjoying experimenting with different foods . Tonight , I grilled 6 shrimp and a small steak , a delicious meal . It was a bit tricky to time the varying cooking times , so I recommend a kitchen timer , and monitoring it carefully when you have different foods on the plates at the same time . I 've also tried hotdogs and marinated chicken , and they 've all come out just great.I 've read some of the reviews complaining about cleaning , but the truth is , following the instructions carefully nets the best results . I wait until the grille has dried , scrape off anything carbonized , and then just take a soapy , damp sponge to it . It cleans easily . Odors can be removed by making a paste of baking soda and leaving it on the plates for a few minutes -LRB- this is also in the instructions . -RRB- And I also highly recommend wearing oven mitts or using pot holders whenever lifting the lid or touching the food on the grille when it 's plugged in , to avoid any burns . Try different things , be creative , you 'll love it.Had I known I would be using the grille this much , I probably would have gone for the next bigger size . The smallest grille , the one I have , reaally is * very * small . All in all , great price , easy , quick , fun , and exactly as advertised . I 'm glad I bought this . My stove and microwave may become very lonely ! I ca n't live without George !
 I have to admit I only bought this item to get over a certain amount to get free shipping on another item . However , it has become our favorite small appliance we own , we use it every night . We even got rid of our sandwich maker since this grill makes the best grill cheese sandwiches around . We are a family of five and yes we have to use it twice to cook our meals , since it is really only suited for 1-2 people , however it cooks the meat very fast , - you do not have to turn it . The clean up is even greater , all you have to do is take a wet paper towel and it wipes it clean , that is it . We love it so much we just bought a second .
 My reasons for buying this grill may greatly differ from most . I 've been on the Atkins diet for 4 months now , and I always seem to be cooking small steaks and sausages . The problem I encountered was that I was constantly cleaning the oven , and my wife was always complaining about the grease splats on the oven door.This product allowed me to cook my meat quickly , and with less of a mess . I can also take the grill to work when I have a late shift and cook up a quick steak or piece of chicken . While it does n't hold a lot of meat , it 's great for my uses . I hope this helps you .
 What I really love about this grill is that it sears and cooks burgers , chicken cutlets , steaks , etc. evenly and within a short period of time . The lid automatically allows for thicker cuts of meat -LRB- I think up to 1 '' thickness -RRB- and is variable in its height adjustment , which is an excellent and useful feature.The lid prevents any spattering of liquids or fats which are directed to empty into the plastic fat rendering container provided . Since there is a small output of smoke during grilling , I just place the grill on a thick wooden cutting board , on the stovetop -LRB- obviously with the burners in the off position -RRB- and with the stovetop hood on to remove smoke and odors ; it 's pretty effective.Cleanup is relatively simple due to the grill 's nonstick surface and takes just a few minutes . This model is quite small , compact and lightweight , making it easy to store . The surface area is large enough to grill two burgers at a time . I use it often and highly recommend it .
 I had a white Foreman grill and recently bought this one as a gift for someone . It 's easy to use , and can cook great-tasting , healthy meals . It 's small , but is a great size to cook for 1-2 people , especially for college kids . I love the metallic color , -LRB- I bought green -RRB- , it looks great !!! Trust me , if you cook one burger in it and watch all the fat that comes out , you 'll never want to use anything else to cook with . Highly recommended !!!
 The George Foreman grill is one of those items you see it yard sales per $ 10 - $ 15 used maybe once . It 's one of those items that people think is a hoax-a hack , but amazingly it 's one of those items that works . The fact that you can get a brand new one for $ 15 is amazing . Sometimes you can even get a brand new one on Amazon for 10 that 's crazy go nuts!It is my recommendation by one of these grills and make grilled cheese . It 's amazing , done in less than seven minutes , or try a frozen chicken breast from frozen to juicy and done in less than 10 minutes . Perfect for bachelors or moms with bachelors in training or moms married to bachelors . You get the point.So give it a shot perfect in what it does . I liked it so much upgrade to a larger size -LRB- know I did n't buy the company -RRB- , and I use it everyday.And yes I do know that he has six children named George crazy go nuts
 I really like this grill . It prepares steaks very fast and they taste great . I also cooked some nice fish on it . With the steaks all you have to do is place them on the grill , but you will need a little butter for frying the fish . The clean-up on the grill is hard , since the plates do not remove , but it is a wonderful product .
 For the Home , which accents and stylish colors augment the decor , The George Foreman Silver Grill is for you ! Same Great grill witheasy cleanup and superb double grilling surface for faster and tastier grilled meals indoors or outide on the patio.This isa product which is one of a kind ! Knock out the fat in Style .
 This grill is small but mighty . Do n't expect to cook more then two hambergers at a time , but they will be cooked to greaseless perfection.Just remember to put a wet papertowel on the grill after cooking , close the lid and let the grill sit and `` clean itself '' while you eat .
 I use this grill about 3 times a week , and consider it a neccessity in my kitchen . But , I 'd still highly recommend going for a different model.Why I love the Champ
 I got this little grill for $ 15 . I use it once a week cooking for 2 . It has n't seen heavy use but some of the teflon has already rubbed off the groves . No big deal , seeing how much we paid for it . I like the fact that it does n't take up much room , and the drip pan thing keeps the excess grease out of the food . Downside is that it take a few minutes to clean . I have to take the entire unit to the kitchen sink . But if you coat the food and the grill with lots of olive oil , it helps to prevent burning and makes it easier to clean . Overall , it works for the functionality versus frugality . Dont expect food to taste like it came off a real grill .
 I bought this because I currently have a Jumbo size Geore Foreman Grill and wanted a smaller version I can take on the go . This one works every bit as well as the larger version . Everything is done to perfection . Easy cleanup and for under 20.00 with free shipping you ca n't go wrong .
 Great for a couple , small for a family . Fast with good results . Would buy again , a large one would be great .
 I love my George Foreman grill !! I received it for a Christmas present two years ago and recommended to everyone I know to get one . It 's fast , easy to clean , and the food 's delicious!I am currently stationed in S Korea and it was a must to bring!I would recommend everyone get one ! Well worth the price .
 A MUST HAVE for everyone ! I forgot that I HAD IT , and we 've been using it so much ! Even Frozen items -LRB- hotdogs -RRB- work ... mm ... :-RRB- GREAT !!
 We just retired this 5 years ago at a yard sale . They do n't make em like they used to .
 I use this grill about 4 times a week - works great , but best for smaller portions -LRB- i.e. , two patties or one sandwich . -RRB- Use care when cleaning the grill
 Bought for mother in law . She lives alone and this is great for her . She can grill one piece of meat and a few veggies . It also has the healthy aspect as the fat drains down.Note that the plates on this model do not remove for cleaning . You have to take the whole unit to the sink to clean . But it is relatively easy to clean anyhow .
 I got 6 of these blankets for $ 8 each , so I was n't expecting anything spectacular - just hoping for something serviceable to use in our coast house . When they arrived , I was completely surprised at how nice they are . The fabric is very lightweight and is the old-style , caterpillar-like velvety stuff that is bonded to a thin foam core . It 's soft and relatively warm - perfect for southern climates with air conditioned summers and mild winters . They look nice and wash well . The color is sort of a dull raspberry/cranberry color - not too bright . One thing I should mention is that each came in a zippered , plastic dust bag and when I opened them , they all had a faint smell but it completely disappeared after I washed them . All in all , I am very pleased with them and at this price , you ca n't go wrong .
 I bought this for my daughter and son-in-law . They love it , they especially love the color and softness of it .
 The person who returned , should have washed it first ! Yes the blanket seems stiff when you get it . I washed it and added a little fabric softner and it is so soft . I absolutely love it . Wish other colors were available !
 This is a great , pretty , soft blanket . It holds up well when washed and seems to be tough . Definitely a good buy . I recommend this item .
 This is a very soft , warm blanket . The color is actually a light mint green , a very calming color . My son loves the blanket . I put it in his closet to save for winter , but he got it out to use now . It 's a nice blanket for any season at an excellent price .
 When we opened it , we were surprised how foam-like it looked ... and it kinda stunk like chemicals -LRB- like foam would -RRB- But once it was on the bed and used once , it kept us really warm without weighing us down , which was really nice!Haven ' t tried washing it yet , though ...
 I was very happy to get these blankets , they are the same quality as the others you pay much more for ... an excellent buy .
 this blanket resembles a vellux blanket -LRB- velour -RRB- like you see at hotels . Very nice product for the money
 I bought four of these blankets and love them ! I washed them and they 're soft and warm . They will be nice to have in the winter . You can not beat them for the price -LRB- $ 8.00 -RRB- .
 My daughter has taken up juggling and she needed some good weighted balls . Her friends who are accomplished at juggling were helping her and remarked how nice the balls were . There were guessing how expensive they were and they were astounded when I told them I got them off of amazon and they were so cheap -LRB- in price only -RRB- ! She loves them ! -LRB- And so does my wallet -RRB- .
 This is an excellent choice for juggling balls . They feel great in the hand and the weight is just right . There are so many color choices too . Definitely an upgrade over my old hackey sacks .
 These juggling balls are very durable ! I purchased five of them in order to practice juggling -LRB- 5 obviously -RRB- and they are perfect because they do n't break or roll away . I would suggest them to anyone .
 As an actor in plays and musicals , I have been required to learn several new things . While I was a part of the ensemble in ` My Fair Lady ' , my director asked me to learn how to juggle . For beginners , baseballs and hackey sacs simply would not do . So I purchased these to help me learn . With much practice and persistence , I eventually learned the art of juggling . The slightly weighted , well , weight of the ball is great alongside the squishy feel of the ball.Speaking from personal experience , if you want to learn how to juggle , these are great for starting .
 At the time of writing this review I 'd been juggling golf an tennis balls for a couple of weeks.As I got more proficient I wanted to take it to the next level and juggle beanbags.I was n't sure which beanbags to buy , so I found this -LSB- ... -RSB- video -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- that helped me decide to buy Deluxe.I bought four bicolor balls and was n't disappointed . The balls are high quality , pleasant to hold , and not too big . They look durable , but can not be sure - need to use them for a while .
 I ordered three juggling bean bags because I have been trying to re-learn juggling again after years of abandonment . These beanbags were perfect - they are well-filled , with straight seams , and they were n't outside of my budget . And , as you can imagine , I have dropped them a lot already , and there is no visible wear and tear . My cat even picked one up in his teeth and tried to run away with one - I was afraid there was going to be a hole in it before I caught up to him . But instead , I ca n't even find teeth marks . All in all , I am very pleased !
 These balls are simply great . There 's tons of colors to pick from - which is important for some tricks to have different colors . They are not huge which is good for me because i have small hands . They seem to be very well made and the price is right . I did find some cheap ones on here but seriously , you get what you pay for . Plus , the shipping was very very fast . I got them in 2 days even though I picked Standard .
 Bought three black and yellow Squosh balls as I work back into juggling.Good balance and weight for juggling balls . I had purchased three more of the same brand and type several years ago and a few things were noticeable - from the older trio.One of the three was distinctly different in feel , texture & sheen . Not quite a completely different material , but you would definitely believe they would not be matched set . That one also has taken much longer to break in , and the seams all bunched up at one corner which is noticeable in your hand . Given that my prior three that I purchased were all identical , I tend to think that the one different ball is just an offshoot.Overall they can take quite a beating , and I would recommend them to anyone for general juggling use . Definitely if you 're starting off - you ca n't get much better for quality & price .
 I am transitioning from mostly Tennis ball juggling to bean bag juggling as I am now juggling 4 at once and then move onto 5 ... and these are much easier to grasp then tennis balls . And so I am very happy with these.One surprise was how heavy they are -- I was n't expecting it -- but I think the extra weight may help with control.Very good , and they do n't look like they will split at the seams , etc. .
 I like the beanbags . I 've been able to juggling three-ball patterns for a few years , and just recently moved up to four-ball patterns . I do n't have a lot of experience with balls or bags , I just wanted something that would work . This product fits the bill . They might take a little while to break in , but they feel nice anyway . I only wish I would have ordered a few more -LRB- my kids seem to always grab them when they can :--RRB- -RRB- I considered five stars , but since I do n't have any other items to compare this too , I figured I 'd be a little conservative . I like them and will probably order more in the future .
 This review requires nineteen words , but that seems kind of silly to me . And I am sure others do too .
 Good juggle bags ... a little slippery so it takes getting used to . A fun toy to have sitting around the house . Someone is almost always using them .
 Very very good juggling balls . Nice feel and they have held up quite well so far . I especially like how they stretch and squish just a little when you catch them . Hard to juggle more than 5 but obviously they are n't meant for number juggling . Excellent for beginners and pros .
 It 's been over 6 months and these balls are holding up well . They 've got a nice weight and give to them and I 'm quite happy with them . I 've seen a lot of more expensive ones , which I 'm sure are great but these are more than enough for me for the time being.I will say though that the black and blue colored one seems to be made of a slightly different material . It 's shinier and slicker . Overall the ball is fine but I prefer the other ones a bit more -LRB- blue and green , blue and orange , red white and blue -RRB- . Ca n't speak for the other colors but I 'd recommend these for sure .
 I purchased three of these beanbags for learning to juggle . So obviously , I was expecting to drop them a lot ! As it happens , they have withstood the constant abuse very well . The variety of colors is great.I have to say that I bought these after buying another , cheaper beanbag here on amazon . I 'm here to tell you do n't bother with the cheaper ones ; these may seem expensive for a hobby but they will last more than a week !!
 I received these beanbags a couple of months ago and I would have to say these are one of the best that I have ever dealt with . They hold up great and are extremely durable , i have dropped them on concrete wet grass and hard wood floors and they hold up just fine . I would defiantly recommend these and will be adding more to my collection hopefully soon .
 I 'm fairly new to juggling , this is my first set of dedicated juggling balls so take that my perspective account . I 've mostly juggled bean-filled tennis balls and lacrosse balls up until now . The best thing about these bean bags is the size and weight . The weight is absolutely perfect for the way I juggle , but I can see it coming down to personal preference . The size is about the same as a tennis ball . My only real problem -LRB- which comes down to personal preference -RRB- is that the material it 's made of is n't very grippy . I 'm used to juggling rubber balls and these are slippery by comparison . Also not a negative but worth noting , the colors are a bit darker than they appear in the photo.Edit
 Bought three black and yellow Squosh balls as I work back into juggling.Good balance and weight for juggling balls . I had purchased three more of the same brand and type several years ago and a few things were noticeable - from the older trio.One of the three was distinctly different in feel , texture & sheen . Not quite a completely different material , but you would definitely believe they would not be matched set . That one also has taken much longer to break in , and the seams all bunched up at one corner which is noticeable in your hand . Given that my prior three that I purchased were all identical , I tend to think that the one different ball is just an offshoot.Overall they can take quite a beating , and I would recommend them to anyone for general juggling use . Definitely if you 're starting off - you ca n't get much better for quality & price .
 I am transitioning from mostly Tennis ball juggling to bean bag juggling as I am now juggling 4 at once and then move onto 5 ... and these are much easier to grasp then tennis balls . And so I am very happy with these.One surprise was how heavy they are -- I was n't expecting it -- but I think the extra weight may help with control.Very good , and they do n't look like they will split at the seams , etc. .
 I like the beanbags . I 've been able to juggling three-ball patterns for a few years , and just recently moved up to four-ball patterns . I do n't have a lot of experience with balls or bags , I just wanted something that would work . This product fits the bill . They might take a little while to break in , but they feel nice anyway . I only wish I would have ordered a few more -LRB- my kids seem to always grab them when they can :--RRB- -RRB- I considered five stars , but since I do n't have any other items to compare this too , I figured I 'd be a little conservative . I like them and will probably order more in the future .
 This review requires nineteen words , but that seems kind of silly to me . And I am sure others do too .
 Good juggle bags ... a little slippery so it takes getting used to . A fun toy to have sitting around the house . Someone is almost always using them .
 Very very good juggling balls . Nice feel and they have held up quite well so far . I especially like how they stretch and squish just a little when you catch them . Hard to juggle more than 5 but obviously they are n't meant for number juggling . Excellent for beginners and pros .
 It 's been over 6 months and these balls are holding up well . They 've got a nice weight and give to them and I 'm quite happy with them . I 've seen a lot of more expensive ones , which I 'm sure are great but these are more than enough for me for the time being.I will say though that the black and blue colored one seems to be made of a slightly different material . It 's shinier and slicker . Overall the ball is fine but I prefer the other ones a bit more -LRB- blue and green , blue and orange , red white and blue -RRB- . Ca n't speak for the other colors but I 'd recommend these for sure .
 I purchased three of these beanbags for learning to juggle . So obviously , I was expecting to drop them a lot ! As it happens , they have withstood the constant abuse very well . The variety of colors is great.I have to say that I bought these after buying another , cheaper beanbag here on amazon . I 'm here to tell you do n't bother with the cheaper ones ; these may seem expensive for a hobby but they will last more than a week !!
 I received these beanbags a couple of months ago and I would have to say these are one of the best that I have ever dealt with . They hold up great and are extremely durable , i have dropped them on concrete wet grass and hard wood floors and they hold up just fine . I would defiantly recommend these and will be adding more to my collection hopefully soon .
 I 'm fairly new to juggling , this is my first set of dedicated juggling balls so take that my perspective account . I 've mostly juggled bean-filled tennis balls and lacrosse balls up until now . The best thing about these bean bags is the size and weight . The weight is absolutely perfect for the way I juggle , but I can see it coming down to personal preference . The size is about the same as a tennis ball . My only real problem -LRB- which comes down to personal preference -RRB- is that the material it 's made of is n't very grippy . I 'm used to juggling rubber balls and these are slippery by comparison . Also not a negative but worth noting , the colors are a bit darker than they appear in the photo.Edit
 My daughter has taken up juggling and she needed some good weighted balls . Her friends who are accomplished at juggling were helping her and remarked how nice the balls were . There were guessing how expensive they were and they were astounded when I told them I got them off of amazon and they were so cheap -LRB- in price only -RRB- ! She loves them ! -LRB- And so does my wallet -RRB- .
 This is an excellent choice for juggling balls . They feel great in the hand and the weight is just right . There are so many color choices too . Definitely an upgrade over my old hackey sacks .
 These juggling balls are very durable ! I purchased five of them in order to practice juggling -LRB- 5 obviously -RRB- and they are perfect because they do n't break or roll away . I would suggest them to anyone .
 As an actor in plays and musicals , I have been required to learn several new things . While I was a part of the ensemble in ` My Fair Lady ' , my director asked me to learn how to juggle . For beginners , baseballs and hackey sacs simply would not do . So I purchased these to help me learn . With much practice and persistence , I eventually learned the art of juggling . The slightly weighted , well , weight of the ball is great alongside the squishy feel of the ball.Speaking from personal experience , if you want to learn how to juggle , these are great for starting .
 At the time of writing this review I 'd been juggling golf an tennis balls for a couple of weeks.As I got more proficient I wanted to take it to the next level and juggle beanbags.I was n't sure which beanbags to buy , so I found this -LSB- ... -RSB- video -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- that helped me decide to buy Deluxe.I bought four bicolor balls and was n't disappointed . The balls are high quality , pleasant to hold , and not too big . They look durable , but can not be sure - need to use them for a while .
 I ordered three juggling bean bags because I have been trying to re-learn juggling again after years of abandonment . These beanbags were perfect - they are well-filled , with straight seams , and they were n't outside of my budget . And , as you can imagine , I have dropped them a lot already , and there is no visible wear and tear . My cat even picked one up in his teeth and tried to run away with one - I was afraid there was going to be a hole in it before I caught up to him . But instead , I ca n't even find teeth marks . All in all , I am very pleased !
 These balls are simply great . There 's tons of colors to pick from - which is important for some tricks to have different colors . They are not huge which is good for me because i have small hands . They seem to be very well made and the price is right . I did find some cheap ones on here but seriously , you get what you pay for . Plus , the shipping was very very fast . I got them in 2 days even though I picked Standard .
 I used this kit on a black vinyl futon to repair a scrape and a puncture , each the size of a nickel . This was my first experience using any type of vinyl/leather repair kit . It took a few tries on the first repair , but it got the job done . After some practice , the second repair was easy . A few important tips :1 . -RRB- The instructions say to cure the repair compound for 30 -90 seconds . I recommend starting with 30 seconds . I started with 60 seconds , and it melted the vinyl all around the damaged area . The damaged area that was the size of a nickel turned into an area the size of a silver dollar . It made my job a lot harder . If 30 seconds of heating is too short , and the bond does n't hold , you can always go back and cure the repair compound again .2 . -RRB- After curing , allow the area to COMPLETELY COOL . Then remove the graining paper slowly . I was impatient the first time , and removed it too soon . Huge mess . Had to start over again .3 . -RRB- Be careful when using the gloss restorer that comes with the kit . This is the last step in the process , and it is optional . I tried it , and it left a grey cloudy residue on the vinyl . I had to use leather cleaner to remove it.Hope this helps .
 I tried this on an old fashioned couch . The couch was torn between the back cushions . The customer wanted the repair done as inexpensively as possible . Thanks to the plug in heat tool , I could give the customer what he requested . The mixing of the colors was the hard part , but with practice , I am sure that will become easier .
 I purchased this product to repair a small sized hole on the door handle of my Acura MDX . The hole was the size of a dime , and the vinyl was black . The product worked fine for a repair of that size , and the black color in the kit matched perfectly . It has been a few weeks and the repair is holding up well . I do n't know if it would have worked as well on a seat or somewhere that would get a lot of pressure , but for smal cosmetic repairs it works very well . I also do n't know how easy it would be to have to match a color other than black . Anyway , if you have a small repair like mine , then I would recommend this product .
 I used this kit to repair several cracks in a fake leather couch . If you 're unsure whether your couch is real leather or `` fake leather '' / `` faux leather '' vinyl , look for white fabric-like backing in the cuts/cracks ... if you have white backing then you have vinyl , not real leather , which means you can use this kit . The kit contained everything necessary to patch the cracks . As other reviewers have commented , getting the color to match was the most difficult part of the job . The patches have held up well for several months .
 this worked well , i had an exceptionally difficult job since my rips were right next to some stitching . this product repaired the rip , but i was n't able to get the texture correct -- but that 's only due to the location of my repair area.i can see how this would work extremely well for a repair not surrounded by stitching however .
 Product worked as advertised . The only problem is mixing to get an exact color match .
 This is a heated style process . The iron worked well . Be prepared to work a bit to blend and match color to your installation .
 Worked out very well . Would of liked to had more white , because it was used for tinting , more than any other color . Just patched everything I could . Color matching may be difficult for someone not experienced with mixing colors .
 I bought this razor maybe 10 years ago . Solid as a rock . The battery started getting weak and I saw a new Norelco razor for $ 27 on sale . I saw that it was made in China , but bought it anyway . Junk . Extremely weak motor . Sounded like a child 's toy compared to this model here . I returned it . I have since replaced the battery in the 3605x and we are off for another 10 years of good service .
 I am extremely surprised to have received the item so quickly . You wo n't be disappointed with this beautiful glass . Best price I 've found on the internet for this item .
 As an avid quilter , this press has made pressing my quilt squares and design pieces a snap . It cuts my pressing time in half and holds my seams for piece quilting like a dream . I would recommend this NON steam press to all quilters . There is never any worry about water spots or leakage on your fabric . And when pressing my everyday shirts and pants , I have the option of the spritz spray bottle that is included if necessary . I found that the tempature control works exceptional for any fabric or clothing attire that I pressed . I will definitely tell all the members of my sewing guild about the many wonders of the Simplicity SP100 press .
 I received the press today . Considering the low price , I found the press very useful . The time it takes to reach temperature is just a few minutes , it 's super easy to use , and it does n't take up a huge amount of room on my sewing table . I pressed denim shorts , ribbons , and even a very wrinkled t-shirt successfully . The press is small so I can easily move it out of the way when I need more space . I am happy with it !
 This was an impulse purchase for me and I was worried I 'd have buyers remorse . As it turned out I am extremely thrilled with this press . For my needs it is perfect . I just zipped through a huge laundry basket of cloth napkins and dish towels that would have taken me about 5 times longer to iron . The day the iron arrived I ironed a huge load of t-shirts and other items that would have taken me a week to get through.It is compact and well made . Because it does n't emit steam it is very useful for various craft projects like embossing on velvet . The spray bottle that was included is handy when steam is needed.Review Update : I found the same item at the same price with FREE shipping at -LRB- ... -RRB- Amazon site :-LRB- ... -RRB- That is a savings of around $ 19.00 in shipping charges.Although this other site indicates it is a steam press , I do not believe it is . It comes with a spray bottle and a travel iron just like this offer .
 I purchased this item and it works very nicely w/the projects I do . It is not very large which is a good thing . Get 's very hot , very quick and that cuts down on time which is an added bonus . This press also works well for clothing .
 I really like the Quik Press for my sewing room . I do a lot of strip piecing for my quilting projects and this saves me a ton of time ! Especially when I am working on the Cotton Theory quilting and fusing strips of fabric together ! Oh wow ! What a time saver ! And it there is very little stretching of the fabric when using the press versus the iron.The only thing I kind of wish it had was steam but I did n't notice that when I purchased it . It does come with a spray bottle and actually that works just fine . I highly recommend this product .
 Very solid shelf and I like how it `` locks '' into place . The directions are very explicit on how to mount it on the wall .
 This is a great deal ! No assembly required and fits perfectly on the back of a closet door . This is a great option for people with limited space and storage . Love it .
 This ironing board saved me space -LRB- I have a small apt -RRB- and its sturdy.I use it at least once a week , it 's a little higher than waits level for me -LRB- 5 ' 10 -RRB- and it works great ! .
 No more lugging out and setting up the ironing board . This item is so convenient . Extremely easy to set up .
 I use this regularly when I 'm in my sewing room . I have it hanging over the door and its easily accessible and to store in a small area . The ironing board itself is a good size for ironing clothes as well .
 I have a small laundry closet and a regular ironing board took up precious room . This hangs on an adjoining door and works well . It is easy to put up and down and is pretty sturdy . I did purchase the replacement cover and pad and was happy I did because the pad that came with it is n't as heavy as the replacement . It seems to work better and is certainly thicker .
 Paint chipped of in certain places but it is made well and very convenient . I wish it had some way to keep it from moving when you open and shut the door it hangs on .
 Solid product , slim on the back of the door , some have said something about noise in the release mechanism ... I Do not find that if you just hold the release until it 's down . Thank you for a good product for small spaces .
 It 's a very good replacement for the regular standing ironing board . Easy to install , without any tools.Only concern is that it makes noise when opening the door and give a feeling of almost falling . However it 's stable all times .
 The ironing board is great in how it hides well behind my door . But it makes a large snapping noise when it comes down or is put back up . If you are trying to iron near someone sleeping , you 're not gon na score any points with that . Sturdy and does just what I wanted .
 I use this board every day while putting together squares for my quilts . Perfect size - bigger than most over-the-door units but does n't take up a lot of room . Just perfect in every way .
 Our bedroom is n't spacious but we needed a place to iron in the morning . This product is exactly what it says . It came assembled and easily fit over our closet door . It 's large enough for my husband to iron his shirts and pants -LRB- he 's quite tall -RRB- . It 's very stable . The only movement comes from the moving of the closet door since we iron with the door open . My only complaints
 There is a piece that `` snaps '' the board up in place but it is not too noisy . It would be equivalent to a full size ironing board that is being closed . I 've heard over time the board can slip and feel loose but there is an option to screw the frame into the door , so far this has not been needed . It hides well behind the door and does not impact opening/closing the door .
 Surprisingly built strong and stable . Used this for the first time for a couple of hours and it exceeded expectations . Only imperfection was the cover pad as it was n't as smooth . I guess you can buy a separate cover for improved use . Great buy for the price .
 ace hardware for a cheap price . check it out before you buy . www acehardware com for a cheaper price on this item .
 I live in a small space , but love to sew , and need to keep up appearances . This board was easy to install , is fairly large , and takes up no appreciable space . I 'm happy .
 i think this is the best door iron board thingy ever . i recomend u should buy this this is awsome
 Great product ! Extremely beneficial in our situation with limited space and being &#34; neat freaks &#34; ! Had a similar one for years . This one is just as good .
 We 've been using it for 2 months and it 's one of the best things we ever bought . We have full control over both the toaster and microwave functions and the machine virtually taught us how to use it - we never needed the manual . With limited space in our kitchen , it makes sense to have one machine do the work of two . I 'm looking for another unit for our guestroom now !
 I recently purchased a Samsung Microwave/Toaster oven . I must say it is quite easy to learn to use ; the directions for the different cooking functions were clear and precise . I live alone so this appliance will be very practical verses using a conventional oven . Only consideration is to get dishes that will work for whatever I am cooking .
 My mother 's apartment is small and she was using up valuable counter space with a separate microwave and a toaster oven . I bought her this oven for Christmas and it 's been working fine for 5 months . She uses both the toaster and microwave features frequently . In fact , she likes the way the toaster works better than her prior toaster oven . We had to place it on the counter rather than a higher shelf she previously used for her microwave because the door hinges at the bottom like a big oven rather than from the side . That 's the only `` disadvantage '' .
 We have had our Samsung Microwave/Toaster oven for over 4 years now , and we have never had any problems with it . We love it ! It is perfect for our small kitchen - this one item replaces 3 appliances . It is easy to use and the directions were clear and precise . Admittedly it is not as quick as a regular toaster but you soon get used to that and adjust accordingly . It still looks great , no chipping or peeling , and it is fairly easy to clean . Though as another reviewer mentioned when you microwave and it splatters and you do n't clean it right away , it can get baked into the toaster burner , but that just encourages me to stay on top of cleaning it .
 I LOVE my Toast and Bake oven ! Everything works perfectly still after about 7 years . It is the most convenient appliance invented - no need for multiple , clunky appliances all around the kitchen when you have just this one . In fact , 2 other family members have the same one and we ALL love it .
 I 've had this model since 2002 , almost ten years now and have never had any problems with either microwave or toaster . I still use it on daily basis . Based on poor performance of my previous toasters and microwaves I expected this to die a long time ago . It is not as quick as a regular toaster but then again I 've never had burnt toast with this . The inside looks still good , no chipping/peeling whatsoever and it 's easy to clean . I 'd given it 5 stars if the toaster elements heated up a little quicker and the unit did not take up so much counterspace depthwise .
 I have had this oven for about 10 years . I have never had a problem with it until I moved . While it was in storage the movers smashed in the toaster knob and now it doesnt work . I am looking for a replacement and am having a hard time finding one . I would spend the money all over again just to have this oven back .
 I had replaced my last crank sifter with one of those that you have to squeeze the handle to operate and hated it ! Besides the fact that my hands would get tired trying to sift the flour , you could never get all the flour out , or clean it properly . If it got wet and there was flour caught in the bottom , when you would use it again , you would have these little flour b b 's bouncing around . I saw this crank sifter and had to order it . I love it ! It is a pleasure again to sift flour . The sifting action is smooth and complete , no more flour stuck in the bottom . Cleaning it is a breeze , not that it needs much , and you know all the flour you put in to sift , gets sifted and comes out . I look forward to baking again now that I have my trusty little sifter ! Now the only thing cranky when there is sifting to be done , is my new sifter !
 This sifter works beautifully . My previous one was the type that you squeeze , and it often got stuck ; was hard to clean , and had things stuck in between the mesh .
 So far , I have used this to sift flour , cocoa powder , and confectioner 's sugar , and it worked perfectly for each . The crank is easy to turn and sifting is fast . I was concerned it might be difficult to clean , but it is not , you just need to make sure it is rinsed very well . So much easier than my makeshift method of shaking it through a strainer ! Well worth it if you use a lot of recipes that require sifted ingredients .
 I replaced my old sifter , which had the squeeze handle type of mechanism with this one . What a difference ! That old one made my hands hurt and often took a LONG time to get the job done . It had two levels which I guess helps make sure nothing sneaks though ... but made it difficult to clean and almost always there was flour left inside that would fall out later . This Norpro does the job so fast and quick I could n't believe it ! The action is smooth and easy , and the extra capacity over my old 2-cup sifter is a really welcome bonus , so many of my recipes that before I had to sift in two shifts can be done now in just one step . Cleaning ... simply rinse and dry . I love it , so hope it will last a good long time !
 Ca n't beat the old fashioned items . Somethings do n't need to be fixed or corrected . Basic model and it functions perfectly .
 This item is great . Great price also . Holds 3 cups of flour and is awesome . Highly reccomend . We were looking all over and all we could find was the handle with the trigger - they always broke . So glad we found this one .
 I made my first cake using my new sifter yesterday and it works great ! Beside bringing back the nostalgia of being a young girl baking in my mother 's kitchen or in a home ec class , this sifter worked beautifully . I had been using a strainer and just shaking the flour through but it was so shallow it was hard not to spill . This is an oldie but goody whose design just ca n't be improved on in my opinion . Most of my cake recipes call for about 2 or so cups of flour and there are lines on the container that correspond to 1 , 2 and 3 cup measures . I just fill it a little beyond what I need if I 'm presifting before measuring . Crank the handle and in a couple seconds I have my bowl of sifted flour recipe ready to measure . The flour really flies right through the sifter . I ca n't believe I went so long without my old favorite from years ago . This item was also priced reasonably compared to other sifters I came across in my search . My red velvet cake was fantastic so I will recreate it this weekend for my sweet sixteen birthday girl . How delicious and fun it is baking the old fashioned way from scratch !
 I initially wanted an electric sifter , the type where you pull the `` trigger '' and the flour is sifted , but this one was my next choice . It 's a good sifter , a bit hard and messy to fit 3 cups of flour in it , and I definitely would n't use the measure marks to measure out your flour , but overall it 's great . I have n't had a problem yet and it 's still in perfect condition .
 I have had a sifter just like my mother had for years and it was good enough , but this really is better , and not significantly more expensive . Recommended ! Replace that old one you have had for years !
 My old sifter is over 30 years old and now I have an updated version . Adding air to my dry ingredients has never been easier . Aww such light and delicate cookies !
 When baking time is here and the equipment collapses , what to do?Give a new sifter and smiles appear now
 It does what a sifter should do - sift ! The crank works reliably and does n't have the problems other models do with the squeeze type handles .
 this product is great for those of us who really like to bake from scratch , I recommend it highly ! Great price also .
 I use this every time I am baking something.I like the fact that you can have it sit on it 's own w/out taking too much space . It 's a great sifter , I have n't had any issues with it -LRB- and I bake quite a bit -RRB- . I would recommend to anyone who loves baking .
 I had purchased another sifter -LRB- Thunder Group 8 Cup Flour Sifter -RRB- recently and was very disappointed . I opted for a smaller sifter from a different manufacturer and was n't disappointed . The crank works beautifully , and for me , the size is just right . This sifter is well-constructed and sifts extremely effectively and efficiently . The crank is much better than the trigger mechanism - it allows you do work more quickly and with less effort . Excellent product , I 'm very pleased with it !
 Sometimes simple is best ... this is a very traditional design and it simply works finely . Crank works well and does not jam . I prefer the crank to the squeezer . No issues .
 This is a basic sifter - nothing special be just what we needed to make some more complicated bakery items . You should always try to sift flour and such , it helps prevent you from accedently ending up with a flat lumpy product .
 This sifter works great . The paddle comes in contact with the mesh to ensure that contents are sifted . The only thing I would keep in mind is the capacity - a lot of recipes I make call for more than 3 cups of dry ingredients , so having a bigger sifter for those bigger recipes may make sense.Also , I have not washed this sifter yet -LRB- neither dishwasher nor by hand -RRB- so not sure what the results would be if I did .
 I am not sure what others are doing to their cutting boards , but mine is fine and it has been with us for nearly two years . It is a very good size and at least our board seems to be well made . We use it pretty regularly for large amounts of veggies , greens , loafs of bread and larger cuts of meat , that need to be cut down or pounded into thinner cuts . We live in pretty constant climate with very minimal variations in temp and humidity from one season to the next , I think this might be why our board is in such good shape . I recently hand sanded it down with a 150 paper to reduce knife lines and then washed it with soap and water and then let it air dry . It now looks as good as new . I try not to use dish detergent when washing the board , unless I cut meat or chicken on the board and do not put it through the dishwasher .
 needed to replace another smallish board ; chose this based on Cooks Illustrated ratings . Very satisfactory in all regards with a comfortable knife feel . i will probably get a 2nd one .
 I am bound and determined to only buy Maple cutting boards from here on out because it 's such a better wood for this application . This is a truly quality cutting board for preforming small kitchen cutting tasks . Awesome , awesome , awesome .
 I use this board all the time . Like the chicken on the one side , veggie on the other so you can have a hint when flipping which side you 've already used . Use twice , wash once . Less labor makes me happy .
 My fiance and I own the large size of this board , I think it 's the 20x16 , and two smaller ones , not sure their exact dimensions . We 've had the big one for years and it 's held up great , and is a nice big size when you need to chop a lot of things , for a stir fry or something . We just bought the two smaller ones from a Williams Sonoma and so far they are doing great . Very good price for nice wood cutting boards . Have not had any issue with splitting .
 This board has been the go to cutting board in our home for fruit , veggies and sandwich making . It has done very in durability and has held up even after being washed in the dishwasher , but I do not recommend it as it does have a little split at the end because of this .
 Meat and vegetable icons are winners.This is a very handy size , most often used in our kitchen .
 Needed a corner cabinet for the sunroom to store flower pots , vases and misc items . Had looked for sometime , but never found what I was looking for until this cabinet ~ Available in 3 sizes and 3 colors , I was thrilled with the 36 '' middle size and the DARK OAK . The item is heavy and as it was delivered when we were n't home , the box was quite beaten up !! SURPRISE ~ The item was wrapped so well , everything is basically fine.Putting the cabinet together , and I 've put MANY things together over the years , the instructions could have been better !! SUGGESTION !! ~ Do n't put the LOCK NUTS in the holes until you have the sides in place ... . You ca n't put the front panels in place without lifting and tilting the back panels ... If you have the LOCK NUTS in the holes and they turn , you end up spending time trying to match them up again with the screw heads.HINGES !! ~ THIS WAS A JOY !! They say NOTHING about them . Suggest you stand the doors on edge and lay the hinge with the INNER recessed area in place with the LARGER recessed area hanging over the FRONT ... Then when you have both done , screw one hole partially in the cabinet so that it is easy to start , remove screw and holding door at an angle , balancing base on floor of cabinet ... . screw in that screw and then the others are easy.NOTE ~ In my cabinet , the bottom doors only close when you line them up together and shut them at the same time . The top doors , only the right one will close without opening both and closing both at the same time.This does n't bother me , but it might not meet your needs.OVERALL ~ I AM MOST PLEASED !!
 Surpassed my expectation ! Excellent quality , easy to assemble and color is superb ! Fits perfectly in the corner !!!
 An eclectic piece from the not so distant past . I 'm sure some of us remember &#34; Terry Toons &#34; , but we no longer see the cartoons before the feature film . That day is gone .
 Best blanket I have ever had -LRB- regardless of price -RRB- . The feel and warmth are second to none . If you want a plush blanket , this is the one to buy !!
 This slender tray is perfect for so many things and fits nicely in narrow places . Using your imagination , you 'll come up with a ton of uses for any room ... from mints to tossing your rings/earrings to enjoying it empty . Very versatile and lovely .
 Received my tray in a timely fashion , came boxed in excellant conditon , very pleased with my purchase
 gave it to my father for fathers day and he loved it . He uses it as an accent piece in his living room
 THIS IS MUCH NICER THAN I WAS EXPECTING . BEAUTIFUL DETAIL AND AM VERY PLEASED TO HAVE IT .
 Really well made - My wife loves to snuggle up on the couch with this-plenty big , beautiful pattern - looks great across the back of the couch in our craftsman style living room . Very happy
 The best part of this product is its unbreakable and also the design stays for ever . I should say this product lives for ever .
 This banner is made of a heavy-duty fabric which will stand up well to the winter weather . The double-sided design is just what I wanted - brightly colored and well constructed . I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 This flag is great , printed on the fabric and not embroidered . Experience tells me the printed flags last longer . The embroidered flags always tear where they were sewn . Very happy with this one . Go Steelers !!!
 Great flag . Larger than I expected . Good quality fabric . Has held up well so far and we 've had a lot of rain and wind this summer and into the fall . Colors have held up well in the weather too . It 's a great flag for Steeler fans !
 Nice ! Large enough for all the Packer neighbors to see . Great that the image is two sideded and in bold colours !
 We have this bold colored banner hanging on our front door to proudly tell our neighbors we are Steelers fans . The bright bold colors hold up to full sun with our full glass view door to cover . We have a metal door and have it hung by strong magnets.This banner would also look outstanding on a flag or banner pole .
 We are huge steelers fans . Our last flag finally died and we had to continue sharing the Steeler love . This flag is great quality and tough enough for winter .
 I purchased this as a gift for my Mother and she loves it . It 's been hanging outside of her house for about two years now and does n't look worn at all .
 Great material on flag making it durable because u live within a windy and rainy area . Perfect design and size
 no problems with the order , flag was just what I wanted . It is double sided which was a real plus , and why I picked it .
 Given its very inexpensive price , this mouse has good features for the money . No batteries required . That 's always a good thing .
 Its small size makes it much easier for my kids to use compared to my full-size MightyMouse , and being able to tell them to click the cookie or the apple instead of right-click or left-click is very helpful too . Both my 3 - and 5-year old sons get a lot of use out of ours , and after a year it still works great .
 excellent mouse for my three year old , only negative was the turn around from purchasing until it came to the door .
 The blanket is beautiful and a great size for napping on the couch . There are many more colors of thread in it than I realized from the online picture , but the design lived up to it.However , it is n't really warm enough for chilly winter days -- probably because it is all cotton .
 We love the elegant simplicity of the frank Lloyd Wright style . This tapestry throw is the perfect cover for the futon in our den . The colors are vibrant and the material is soft and silky . We are very pleased !
 I love this corkscrew . I 've had mine for 20 years , opened hundreds of bottles with it , and given a dozen or more as gifts . It 's very light and extraordinarily effective . I have no idea why anyone bothers with those heavy , clunky , expensive wine openers when this one works perfectly and effortlessly . You do n't need to exert any force when opening the bottle nor do you have to worry about perfect placement before you spin the crank . With some corkscrews , if you do n't place the point of the screw in just the right place on the cork , the cork will split or shred as you crank down into it . Not so with this one ; it 's automatically placed correctly just by the way it sits over the bottle.After removing the foil with the foil-cutter attached to the side -LRB- which honestly could be a little sharper -RRB- , you set the Screwpull over the top of the bottle . The two `` legs '' slide onto either side of the bottle . Push down a little bit on the top of the screw to make sure the point is seated into the cork . Otherwise , the screw will just spin over the top of it . You then spin the crank around several times and the screw goes down into the cork and pulls it out at the same time , hence the `` screw '' and `` pull '' in the name . This design allows the Screwpull to do all the work of extracting the cork ; no strength or pulling required.I bought this when I was training as a fine-dining server and terrified of shredding corks and ruining expensive bottles of wine while doing tableside wine presentations . It has never let me down , and I 've continued to use it at home for years . We 've tried a few other Screwpull models out of curiosity but find that this one is the best , hands-down .
 Easy to use , no effort required , a child could operate it . Durable product . It has never failed . Makes an appropriate gift to friends .
 Can you ever be dissatisfied with a Snowbabies ornament ?? NO !!! Absolutely love it ! Bought for my son as his yearly Christmas ornament ! Love it . . Just realized how rare this collection is and of course I thought I 's start with the Partridge and get one every year . Maybe not the best on my part ! Regardless this is a beautiful ornament !
 First ornament in the Snowbabies `` 12 Days of Christmas '' collection . Discontinued in 2006 , I am cobbling together my collection one-by-one . Fantastic detailing and very sweet .
 I have a niece that just loves `` snow babies '' . I plan on giving her the whole 12 days of Christmas and I know she will be very pleased .
 Way better than foam or gel . I 've just converted to being a cigar oasis fan ; but , if you wo n't make that leap , then these beads are second best .
 The beads worked great and will probably be buying more since I left my humidor in Afghanistan . I just bought a new one and I think I will be buying more beads .
 This is wonderful flatware . The finish is lovely and the design is simply elegant.At $ 70 per place setting _ or_less _ , it represents a very good value .
 absolutely happy with this ! reminds me of European Moulinex ... I absolutely recommend this product to my friend ! it is quiet and does the job and it is multifunctional ...
 For years I 've needed a good mixer such as a Kitchen Aid but they were too pricey . Then when I saw a larger version of this device at work , my wife and I decided to purchase this for a Christmas present for my daughter . Since she still lives at home we get to occasionally use it or at least find reasons for my daughter to use it . What a great tool ! It 's very compact and very powerful . It can do the work of the much larger Kitchen Aid but it takes up hardly any space . If you have a small kitchen or limited storage , this is the product for you .
 I do n't own one , sadly . But I grew up with one . I have used all accessories that are shown here and was extremely pleased with every single one of them . Easy to assemble , use and clean.I was given a KA Artisan when I was married and it does n't compare . Every time I use the KitchenAid , it annoys me and I wish I had the Bosch instead . Yeah , the Bosch is n't as sleek looking . But it just works so much better . It also seems that if you have the Bosch , you essentially have a mixer and a food processor . No need for 2 large appliances .
 Living and traveling in an RV means less space to store Stuff . Not only does this take up less space than owning each individual appliance , it works great too ! Only downside , the blender does n't really substitute for a food chopper .
 This is the sweetest , little dish . It was the perfect addition to a baptism gift for my dear friend 's baby . It 's also perfectly sized for stowing your everyday jewelry at the end of the day on your dresser or bedside table . I 'm going to pick one up for myself too .
 I received this poster and was surprised and very pleased and how quickly it was shipped . The packing was superb and it came out of the tube in impeccable condition . I framed this poster myself and it now hangs on the wall behind my bed . I absolutely love it and it is much more beautiful in ` real life ' than any online pic can reflect !
 I got this for a gift for my birthday . It heats my midsize bedroom well as it should and has a fan for those Summers when my regular fans are not working . I think its a great heater for only $ -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was entirely happy with my purchase and appreciated the timely fashion it was received . Would gladly do it again .
 Plates are perfect -LRB- not seconds -RRB- & match the ones I have . The price was very good and Amazon Prime got them delivered promptly in time for my party . I use them everyday from Thanksgiving until Valentines Day , put them in the dishwasher , and have not tired of the beautiful winter pattern . I purchased my first of this pattern in 1996 .
 I am slowly collecting this pattern to use at Christmastime . It is a beautiful pattern and I now have all the dinner plates that I need . It arrived well packed and in perfect condition .
 I thought the plates were beautiful . They were packed very carefully and came in a Lenox box . They arrived sooner than expected .
 I recently purchased this iron because I was tired of paying what the grocery store wanted for them . I love it . I am able to make ice cream cones , bowls , and plain old cookies . I put off buying this iron for a long time because I did not want another useless appliance in my house . I purchased this from Amazon as a refurbished piece and it works perfectly . I use it at least once a week , if not for myself for my young son who loves them too ! It has an adjustable iron so that you get the perfect cookie each time according to what you want . The recipes are great also.It comes with a recipe book , spoon and wooden turning tool for making cones or rolled cookies . Oh ! The cookie iron has a flower on
 Product arrived quickly and looked as good as new . Used it for the first time last night and it worked like a charm ... perfectly beautiful , delicious pizelles . If anyone purchases this I 'd suggest doing a search for a pizzelle recipe using cake flour as opposed to regular flour . Makes a world of difference .
 This is a great little product . I have made several batches of Pizzelles since I got it . They are perfect little cookies and look so professional . I would recommend this to anyone who likes to `` show off '' a little - the cookies do impress people .
 maybe makes them a little thick but they still taste good and are easy to handle . seem to cook as fast as I can keep up to removing them .
 I like the bed , fairly easy to put together , when we FINALLY got all the pieces . There was an `` error '' so they claim in an email as they had posted the item incorrectly -LRB- I was only sent the arms and back of the daybed , no link spring or trundle bed , who would order just those pieces ? -RRB- . They did send the rest of the bed and in faster shipment . What I did n't like is that you ca n't talk to anyone on the phone from this place . Their phone message tells you to send an email lol . That 's a big thumbs down for me for customer service . While I like the bed I probably wo n't order from them again .
 We bought this bed as a gift for our daughter at Christmas , when the bed was ordered it ws described as a complete bed with link spring and trundle . Imagine my surprise when we opened it and it only contained the frame . After the first email to the company I was told that Amazon listed the item and description in error , but because I ordered the bed before it was corrected they would send me a link spring at no cost . After several back and forth emails I was then told that the company -LRB- Visiondecor -RRB- was not going to send me the link spring ! A month of emails back and forth and I was again told that I would need to pay for the link spring but would receive a 15 % discount and pay 199.00 . I tried to get an exchange for another bed that came with a link spring not going to happen . I finally just ordered a link spring from another company for $ 88.00 . I will never purchase another item from this company again , I have also filed a complaint against the company with the BBB .
 I almost gave up on camp chairs for our RV . We rarely had a WalMart or other brands folding aluminum chair last more than 1 year . Plastic parts , poor construction and design , very weak ! Bought an assortment of types and brands over the past 20 years . They all fell apart.I Googled `` Camp Chairs Made in USA '' and came up with these fine chairs ! Made right here in America , by Oasis , buying them supports American Families and an American Company ! No plastic , strong thick aluminum frames , triple stitched seams , strong fabric canvas material , and big rivets ! We 've had two of these chairs for nearly 6 years , and just bought 2 more for `` guests '' when camping.By the way ... the manufacturer Oasis has enough confidence in their product that they give you a 5 year warranty ! But we would have bought from them again even if no warranty ... you wo n't need it ! ; -RRB-
 Does a great job on floors , easy to use , easy to store . Works for rugs too and steaming curtains . Very useful .
 I have used a Lee corn cutter for years in preparing fresh sweet corn for freezing . First you blanch the cobs for five minutes , then cool in cold water for the same time , let drain , and cut the kernels off into a bowl , holding the corn cutter horizontal over the bowl with one end against a vertical wall -LRB- obviously best done on a counter , not an island -RRB- . By adjusting the height of the two cutter edges you can cut clean kernels off , or -LRB- our favorite -RRB- cream-style , scraping all the delicious juice as well as the kernels . Freeze in boxes or bags and enjoy pure golden goodness in the middle of the winter -- your holiday guests will love you . These cutters are so simple and obvious , I 'm always surprised that folks are still struggling with knives and other less easy-to-use gadgets . Buy a couple extra for gifts -- folks who see me use it -LRB- or the results ! -RRB- always wish they had one .
 My 84 year old mom makes some of the best creamed corn in the world -LRB- whose does n't -RRB- . All her life she has used the good ` ol kitchen knife to cut the corn off the cob -LRB- then adds her magic ingredients and into the pan until beautifully sweet -RRB- . A friend recently told her about a device that would do all the cutting for her in much less time and with little to no mess to clean up -LRB- I think the no-mess part was what really intrigued her -RRB- . She asked me to look on the internet to see if I could find what her friend was talking about -LRB- mom does not own a computer -RRB- . I did a quick google search for corn cutter 's and was surprised at how many `` hits '' there were . There were several competitor 's of Lee 's but most of them simply cut the corn from the cob , while the Lee 's version also creamed the corn . I asked mom which version she wanted and her reply was `` I want the one that does it all '' . I ordered the Lee 's corn cutter/creamer and upon arrival I had to inspect this `` thing '' to see how it worked . The construction is straightforward and it is built with solid materials . I swear I could just see some ingenious person back in the `` day '' -LRB- 1920 's -RRB- put their thinking cap on to figure out how to make such a simple but useful device . It really reminds you of one of those items that makes you think `` why could n't I think of that ? '' . I could n't wait to take it to mom 's to try it out . With a simple phillips head screw driver I set the 2 screws to determine the depth of the cut and how deeply to scrape the cob -LRB- or milking it , as the instructions call it -RRB- . Mom already had her 5 ears of corn shucked and cleaned , so within about 30 seconds wee were ready to go!We placed a plastic pail under the wooden cutter and placed the end against the kitchen wall for stability . You place the narrow end of the ear of corn into the groove and slide it -LRB- somewhat forcefully with a tight grip -RRB- toward the cutter/scrapper , through and past . I made about 5 passes in each area -LRB- to get all the milk from the cob -RRB- . Then you flip the ear to a new section and repeat . This baby was slicker than slick!It took less than a minute to finish an ear and mom came rushing over to clean any mess and she said `` I ca n't believe it - there is no mess '' . Everything -LRB- well 99 % of it -RRB- fell through the cutting hole into the pail.The Lee 's corn cutter may be my best internet purchase ever ! The cutter is fully adjustable and if you only want to cut the corn -LRB- and not cream it -RRB- , you can remove the scrapper.Oh yes , the corn seemed to taste even a little sweeter knowing I had cut it myself in such easy fashion .
 this is the best cutter i have used !! infact i just purchased a second one . we grow organic heirloom corn and prosses lots for later usage i have tried several other cutters with terrible results uneven cutting only good for one size of kernel just junk.this however is very adjustable i can set it for any size i need just sort your corn by same size kernels then set the blade for that then cut away !! then reset blade for next size and so on no more destroying the whole kernels or cutting the cob etc.it has made our prossesing much faster and cleaner i have used it cutting for creamed and whole corn bolth ways work perfectly !! ALSO A FOOTNOTE you can sharpen the blade easily with a wet stone if you have one if not you can use 800 or higher grit wet sandpaper from your local hardware store this will keep a very sharp egde on it
 Well , this corn cutter works great . For me , to just remove the kernels , the most difficult step was getting the kernel depth and scraper depth correct after removing the shredder . Mine came set at the deepest depth , and that ended up cutting some of the cob into the mix -LRB- with a lot of pressure -RRB- . So I set both blades at the half-way depth , and it worked great . Cutting the corn off a cob is actually pretty fast once you get the hang of it !
 I love this item . When I used to help my mother with her canning/freezing I used this item and it was so easy . When I needed one to do my own at home I had a hard time finding any in the stores . I could only find them through Amazon , -LRB- until after I made my purchase -RRB- but these are so much cheaper and better made . I prefer the wooden ones . I bought two while I was ordering , one for me and one for a helper.I would recommend these to anyone who wants to get the job done quickly and easily . Its adjustable to however you want to have your corn , from creamed to whole kernel . Just have to be careful when doing the cutting so you dont cut yourself on the sharp blade . I would not recommend letting a young child use it . You can also buy replacement blades if ever needed , but they are very sharp and will probably last quite awhile . My mothers did , and she used it ALOT . Good Luck
 It took me about four or five ears before I got the knack for using the cutter to make some delicious creamed corn . It is definetly a time saver .
 Lee 's Wooden Corn Cutter does exactly what it is designed to do ; cut corn from the cob for freezing . It is simple to use , efficient in operation , easy to clean . Our family froze about 300 ears of corn in one 6-hour day last fall . -LRB- That 's
 This corn cutter is just like the one my grandmother used to use when I was a child -LRB- 30 years ago -RRB- . It cuts the corn cleanly from the cob , and the blade can be adjusted up or down for a creamier corn , or a whole kernel product . The only down-side is that the corn silks get caught on the edges and you have to keep cleaning them off so they do n't get in the cut corn . Clean-up is easy if you use a scrubber/brush . A nice and fun product !
 Wonderful product ! One problem - the nails loosen after several uses . This could have been due to the initial setting being wrong , and excessive cutting force . I have bought four and given 3 as gifts . You have to get the adjustment right , however , or you 'll end up cutting the cob . It also helps to sharpen the cutter blade . Remove the shredder blade to cut just the kernels .
 this is the best all-round corn on the cob cutter for freezing and canning , best use of your time with this item
 Have only used it once and it was n't my favorite tool . I have to use it more to get the hang of it I guess .
 I do n't like kitchen tools that are super-specialized , like this one -- but this is a wonder ! It makes short work of an ear of corn .
 This product shreds and scapes the corn from the cob giving a wet corn pulp used to make a thin corn pancake . Works great .
 I am 48 years and have used this corn grater all of my cooking life , which is a long time . In addition to me , my Grandmother used if for many years and if she were alive she would be almost 100 . And then there is my own mother , aunt 's , sister and now my daughter . We make homemade creamed corn every year and cream 100 's of ears of corn . It is and will always be the only one we will use . Its old fashioned but works very well and I am still using the same one for 20 plus years . I have extras in the drawer that have never been used so I give them to friends and other family members . I love this grater for its hard work as well as the tons of family memories I have because of it .
 MY NEW WOODEN CORN CUTTER IS GREAT . IT IS EXACTLY LIKE MY OLD ONE MAMA USED , THANK YOU FOR NOT CHANGING IT . DOROTHY
 My mother bought one of these cutters in the 1940 's and I spent many a August using it to make corn relish and other delights for the winter months in Northern NYState . It is still of solid construction , works as promised and does make creamy corn if you run the cob over the second time releasing all the juices from within.I am very happy with my purchase and hope it will grace my kitchen for as many years as my mother 's did hers ... Hey , she is 83 now and had to get it out so I could purchase the correct one for my home ...
 Lee 's wooden corn cutter was purchased as a gift for someone else , I was told that it saves time and works very well
 Once I realized and adjusted the piece in the middle this worked great . It was a lot better then cutting the corn off the cob .
 Often we want to prepare food in the corn , but it is very laborious and messy . With the corn cutter everything changed for me . Now is a snap and the preparation is done . So I give 5 stars .
 I gave two of these to my friends because I have used them for years and I knew how well they worked . A must , especially if you are looking to can or freeze a good batch of corn . Great product .
 LOVE this product . It saved me lots of time cutting corn for my freezer this year . Got one for my neighbor also .
 I have two of these cutters ... one set for `` chunky '' creamed corn , the other set for `` smooth '' creamed corn . I have been using them since 1972 and I have never had a problem with either of them . Over the years , we have devised a way to use duct tape to secure the boards to the handles of large , tall stainless steel stock pots to make it easier to cut the corn . -LRB- also cuts down on the splatters you will have to clean up later -RRB- By taping the cutters to the pot handles , you can really push against them and it makes cutting the corn much quicker . Another thing is to set the cooking pot down into your sink to get it at a better height for cutting . By having two of these cutters , we do n't have to adjust them back and forth.If you are making large batches of creamed corn ... my advice is to cook it in a roaster oven . Mine holds three gallons of cut corn , and it NEVER scorches while cooking it . It takes between 120 to 140 ears of corn to make three gallons of cut corn . We like different types of creamed corn ... some ... sweet , thin and milky ... and some that is ... thick and full bodied . I would n't even try to make large quanities of creamed corn without my cutters !
 I 've been using Lee 's Wooden Corn Cutter for many , many years . My father gave me my first corn cutter some 30 years ago . He bought it in a hardware store in Burnsville , NC . I could n't find Lee 's Corn Cutter in the west after my father passed away in 1996 . I was delighted to find it on Amazon . Friends and family love my fresh creamed corn , which I prepare and serve with any meal , but always with a purely traditional southern fried chicken dinner . Folks are delighted when I send them home with their very own Lee 's Wooden Corn Cutter . I set the blade level for the receipient so it cuts the tops of the corn kernel , and show them how the blade easily extrapolates the `` cream '' from the remaining kernals on cob . It 's simple and an easy .
 I 've been wanting to make creamed corn like my Grandma makes and this cutter does the trick . I was able to adjust the blade with no problems . It 'll cut off whole kernels or scrape them , whichever you 'd like . It 's a very useful kitchen tool .
 It gets cold in Minnesota ! We have a large family room in our older house with a horribly cold floor -LRB- it 's built over a crawl space -RRB- . I would n't think of sitting in this room without wool socks and slippers . Not any more ! The rug buddy as transformed the floor into a cozy oasis where you want to keep your feet . I also believe it has warmed the entire room.The room has a hardwood floor and an area rug . We installed the Rug Buddy between the rug pad and the rug . The installation was easy and except for the cord you do n't see it or feel it when you walk on the rug -LRB- you feel the warmth but not the thickness of the Rug Buddy -RRB- . My only complaint is the cord which I felt was too short .
 I did much research before arriving at this purchase . I live in New England and have electric heat . My baseboard heaters run efficiently , but use between 750 and 1250 watts per heater . At 16.2 cents per kilowatt hour , the heating costs add up . I bought this and the 165 watt rugbuddy based on amazon reviews , and , after researching different types of electric space heaters , I thought the rugbuddy might heat my living space with lower watts . The rugbuddy works well in conjunction with other heaters running at lower temperatures , but is not so great as the sole heating source unless the weather is brisk outside . The 165 works great in conjunction with the smallest , 350/500 watt baseboard heater in the bedroom . when it is 17 to 20 degrees outside , the room is 64 degrees inside . Plastic window insulation , thermal curtains , weather stripping , and caulking all contribute to help raise the temperature while lowering power consumption . However , the 470 , I feel should emit a little more heat . I have been contemplating testing out a piece of aluminum foil between the rugbuddy and the rug to increase the heat produced . But I 'm not quite sure if that will lead down the path to Darwin award candidacy . I wish the manufacturer would supply a rug mat that might amplify the heat in such a manner with safety consciousness in mind .
 We have a rug on a tile floor . The Rugbuddy not only heats the surface directly under it , but it radiates to an area larger than it 's dimensions .
 This product is exactly as I expected . It is meant to be installed in a 90-degree corner so if your tub and wall do n't meet at a right-angle , do n't expect this MOLDED product to fit . Also meant to be installed by a person with more than half a brain and a tube of caulk . Perfect for my application but if you do n't read the description before you buy , do n't blame the product or Amazon because it does n't work .
 I searched the internet for a good price on these replacement filters . I did not realize it could be so expensive to replace them . I found these on Amazon.com and I am very happy with my purchase . They are thicker than the originals that came with my air cleaner and work very well at a great price .
 The work well as a pre-filter , and can be reused after washing out gently with water occassionally , I am pleased with the purchase
 Does exactly what it is suppose to do . I also aid in eliminating orders , since my dogs sleep in our bedroom I can really guage .
 I needed a carbon filter for my cat 's liter box -LRB- the original sizes were n't available -RRB- . This product was much thicker -LRB- thicker density of filter fibers ? -RRB- and seems to control odor much better than the last filter I used . Additionally , this filter was approximately twice the length of the original so I was able to cut it in half and use one half for the box . This means with the two filters that came with the order , I 've now 4 filters to use . Overall , a great buy .
 I am very happy with this bookshelf . It 's made of nice solid wood and I love its simple styling . Very easy to put together ; I do n't think it took me more than 15 minutes and not a bit of frustration ! I would absolutely purchase this product again and I 've got my eye on other pieces of Winsome Wood furniture to add in the future .
 This shelf is really very sturdy . It is unfortunately a little yellower then in the picture and it seems small but I did n't actually pull out a tape measure or anything to see what size it really is . All in all this was a good purchase and we 're happy with it ! Works great for what we got it for which is for some tractors in my sons room !
 I got two of these and they look great and have exceeded my expectations . Solid wood with a nice finish . They are not that wide but that 's what I wanted . They could go into an expensive beach house no problem . They have a nice open look and make my room look more contemporary . It 's perfect for framed pictures , vases , books , boxes , etc. . I keep a basket on one shelf for keys and sunglasses . There were a few minor places that finish was too thin , but I rubbed them with some Murphies oil and they look great .
 I just got this book shelf today it was easy to put together , it is made of wood -LRB- not any of that particle board or whatever they call that pseudo wood -RRB- , it seems to be rather sturdy , and it looks great !!
 I ordered this bookshelf to match the desk . It is a nice looking bookshelf and match 's the desk perfectly . I wish it were a little taller though . It was n't hard to put together .
 This is a nice , functional book shelf . Not quite as sturdy as I anticipated but it fits nicely in my bedroom and has a contemporary look . I wish Winsome would consider manufacturing products in the US . The bookshelf is solid wood , however , so for the price , it 's a good buy .
 Great looking book case a little smaller than I expected but fits perfectly with my bedroom decor.The assembly was really easy .
 Bookshelf was purchased because it fit well with some other Mission style furniture we had with a honey finish . Overall the design is pleasant and the construction is what you 'd expect from a piece of furniture of this price . I had no problems with split wood pieces and was able to assemble the bookshelf in under 30 minutes alone . Because the bookshelf has open sides and back , do n't plan on putting small things on the shelf you would n't feel comfortable falling off , accidents do happen and with the ` open ' style of this shelf it is likely to happen at some point if things get bumped .
 It looks really nice , I moved it around a few times without a problem . Assembly is also really easy . I 'll be using this one for a very long time !
 Being senior citizens -LRB- both of us are a tick over 60 -RRB- , my wife and I have always bought the best furniture we could afford from the day we were married . Since we were into Early American and Traditional furniture , furniture makers such as Ethan Allen , Pennsylvania House , and Tell City were the sources we bought our wood furniture . Solid hard rock maple , cherry , and walnut , these types of wood furniture are what we 've invested in over the years . These were not veneered plywood-based pieces , but solid hardwoods in the aforementioned woods . Expensive ... yes -LRB- for example , $ 1,200 in the mid - '80s for a Queen Anne style sofa table -RRB- , but they look as good now as they did when we purchased the majority of them 25 to 40 years ago . Ethan Allen is still around , but they 've reinvented themselves , and both Pennsylvania House and Tell City no longer exist . It seems the younger generation desires cheap , e.g. throwaway furniture , thus great American furniture companies have gone away in favor of those in China , Thailand , Vietnam , and IKEA 's many sources , which often tends to be Poland.Why did I discuss these companies , simply to lend some credibility that I know how good furniture is built , in terms of joinery , and overall construction and attention to detail . For the price paid for the Winsome Wood 4-Tier Bookshelf in Honey , this item is an excellent value . Is the joinery perfect ? No , but it 's certainly good enough for its use and $ 79 price ! I 'm not certain of the type of wood used here since the country of origin is Thailand , but its real solid wood , not a veneered form , and certainly not particle or flake board based . It 's likely a wood that 's plentiful in Thailand - if any other owner knows the wood type , please comment . The joinery on the upright side pieces is acceptable ; the joinery on the individual shelves is excellent.The instructions , essentially graphically based , are very straightforward and easy to follow . The instructions recommend two people for assembly , but I assembled it by myself in less than 30 minutes . One area was , and still is , a bit cloudy , and that pertains to the three horizontal pieces that connect the left and right uprights at the rear of the unit . These pieces have two dowel pins on each end that fit into two holes at the rear of the left and right upright piece . The dowel pins are fluted , and this implies that wood glue should be used . Nothing was stated , or graphically implied , regarding the use of wood glue at these twelve strategic points . I submit that if you plan to never knock this down into its individual pieces again . you may wish to strongly consider the use of a bit of wood glue on the dowel pins . However , if you do plan to take it apart in the future , certainly do n't use the glue . I did n't use wood glue , and have noticed these three horizontal pieces do rock a bit back and forth . I 'm seriously considering taking it apart , and applying wood glue to the dowel pins , as I 'm sure it would increase the structural strength at the rear of the unit.I did not use the 4mm Allen hex wrench supplied in the package to install the hex head wood screws . Rather I used a hand driver with a 4mm hex head for the initial `` loose '' tightening of the screws . I put some Bee 's Wax on the threads of the screws , and this makes the process much easier as it lubricates the threads and wood during the tightening process . This is an old wood worker 's trick to ensure that you do n't crack the wood . A bar of hand soap , especially Dove , will work in a pinch . I performed the final tightening after all of the shelves were installed with a 4mm hex head extension on a 3/8 '' socket and ratchet . This made the installation of the top very easy , as the supplied 4mm Allen wrench interferes with the upright side pieces when tightening the top shelf . I know many homeowner 's do n't have these various types of tools , but I used to work on European cars as a hobby , and I have tons of unique Metric tools , including socket sets with Metric hex head drivers.The color is a touch lighter in color or hue than viewed on Amazon 's product page , but this could be the calibration of my LCD monitor . It 's used in our finished basement with some oak office furniture that I hand finished with walnut Danish wiping oil , so the Winsome bookshelf is certainly a lighter shade than the oak , tending toward almost a light to medium maple color . But , it 's totally acceptable for our application to hold photos , and other small items . The finish on the uprights and the tops of the shelves are fine with no roughness whatsoever . It 's obvious there 's a difference in finish of the top and bottom of each shelf , but the tops of the shelves on our unit were sanded smooth and the finish was even . All in all , very acceptable finishing of the bookshelf . We considered a leaning shelf , aka ladder shelf , for this application , but we have a cat , and we 've been told that the leaning shelf becomes a new toy for any feline!Overall , this bookshelf is a serious bargain at Amazon 's current price point . Go to Wally World or any other Big Box store and price out something similar in particle board . There is absolutely no question that this is superior to any particle board-based inexpensive bookshelf . What amazes me is given Amazon 's profit margin , the margin of the importer -LRB- Winsome -RRB- , what the cost of production of this product must be . No wonder American companies can no longer compete at the low end with this type of real wood product . This bookshelf probably hits incoming customs at a cost of less than $ 25 to $ 40 per unit -LRB- likely even less I 'll wager -RRB- , and that 's simply unbelievable given the overall quality of this bookshelf .
 It only took me 20-minutes to assemble the bookcase . Instead of the included allen wrench , I used a 5/32 allen-head adapter on my screwdriver , which made assembly much easier and quicker . I only used the included allen wrench to install the top because my screwdriver would n't fit between the slats.The illustrated directions are extremely easy to follow . Assembly was easily done alone because the sides of the shelves and slats rested on the floor as I tightened the screws -- a definite plus that I 've rarely encountered with items that require assembly . The bookcase was well-packaged , and all pieces were included and in excellent condition.During assembly I added a little wood glue into the holes for the slat pegs for some additional support . After the bookcase was assembled and standing upright I made sure that each screw was tight before installing the hole plugs -LRB- I used a rubber mallet to make sure they were seated well -RRB- . The unit appears to be sturdy , with no wobble or sagging.I 'm not thrilled with the color . It 's a little more orange than I expected , although other reviewers mentioned the same thing . Other than the color , I have no complaints about this bookcase . It 's a great value and the size is perfect for my needs . It is going in a corner in my living room and will hold the cable box , a DVD player , and a few other knick-knacks . I did n't want a media-center that can overwhelm the room , just a small shelving unit that gets the job done without screaming `` look at me . ''
 LOVE LOVE LOVE my bookshelf ! Finish is exactly as pictured and was very easy to assemble . It only took me about 15 minutes and I had it up and in use . Very sturdy even though it has been moved once already . Would definitely reccomend !
 Great product for the price . It survived a move as well . My 9yr old son uses it for his book collection .
 These are a great value . The shelving unit is high quality and easy to assemble . I bought two and they look exactly like the product photo .
 The bookshelf is great ! It is the perfect height for my 21/2 year old daughter and fits all of her books nicely . The bookshelf is a little wobbly , which is my only concern , but other than that it serves it purpose for the price . Upon arrival , one of the shelves was cracked and after calling amazon , it was replaced immediately .
 I bought two of these for my son 's bedroom . They work really well . My only complaint is that one of them was difficult to put together because the holes for the top shelf were too deep so the screws would n't anchor in . We had to get creative with some filler .
 I bought this for $ 70 . The solid wood is strong and the honey finish is wonderful . Assembling the furniture is easy and , after assembly , the construction is sturdy . I have deducted one star , because one of the front legs was cut a little vertically and the result is a little wobbling .
 I 've had this bookshelf for almost two years now and it 's been terrific . I have a ton of books and have piled as many onto this bookshelf as it could hold , and I 've never worried about its sturdiness or durability . It 's incredibly easy to assemble -LRB- even for the mechanically-challenged , like myself -RRB- and looks great , as well . I would definitely recommend this , especially for the price . Best of all , it 's just as easy to dissemble if you move .
 I needed a small , simple bookshelf near my desk and looked all over for one that looked good but was fairly inexpensive . This bookshelf definitely fit the bill . It looks a lot nicer than most of the other assembly-required bookshelves I 've seen . And it 's very sturdy . I 've got some heavy books on there , and there 's no bowing of the shelves or wobbling of the bookcase itself -- even though it 's on a carpeted floor . The color is also very true to the photo . Great overall purchase . I might get another one for my guest room .
 This shelf is super . It looks like it would cost much more than it actually does . I would not hesitate to order this again in perhaps a larger size as well .
 Overall , I was quite satisfied with this bookshelf , though it was a bit of a pain to assemble . The wood screws used have very shallow heads , which makes them easy to strip , and you 're not given any extras . The guide holes on the shelves are also relatively small , so you have to exert quite a lot of torque just to screw them in . The combination of the two means that it 's easy to strip the screw and then be unable to remove it.Other than that , however , I 'm quite happy with the shelf now that it 's assembled . It 's made of sturdy , good-quality hardwood and has a nice finish , which is pretty good considering the price range .
 I got this to hold some serious weight . Mine is loaded with ordinary books , textbooks , stacks of papers -LRB- the depth of a shelf is identical to the height of a sheet of paper -RRB- . Zero flexing of shelves , zero sway of the bookshelf as a whole ! While assembling it was clear these would be my findings . Everything fits together perfectly , nice large woodscrews simultaneously secure the shelves and hold the frame together .
 Very nice quality . Took all of 15 minutes to assemble . Also bought the matching desks and file cabinet , all wood and solid once built . All in all worth the price .
 This bookshelf is handsome and sturdy , and went together easily . I have had problems in the past with assembling items that had pre-drilled holes that did not match up , but this was very well made . and everything fit together perfectly . THe instructions were precise and easy to follow as well . and since it is real wood instead of pressboard , the shelves do n't sag under the weight of all of my cookbooks !
 Extremely pleased with my purchase . Very sturdy and easy to put together . The color is beautiful and the price is reasonable .
 Well made easy , to assemble , looks great what more could you ask for . Winsome makes some nice pieces . Look at thier other matching items they all look good together . Do n't waste money on those press board junkers in the big box store . Winsome makes really solid furniture .
 The shelf is a little deeper and safe for a TV or heavy stuff . Easy to assemble too . I can recommend it .
 I just received my Winsome Wood 4-Tier Bookshelf set and put it together . They are really nice . Very sturdy for a do-it-yourself shelf kit . No complaints whatsoever .
 The shelf was well-packed ; requires about an hour of easy assembly and a little wrist strength . It appears to be 100 % solid wood and very sturdy . There are several shelf edges that are not 100 % flush.Overall it is quite a value and very attractive . I have seen reviews wishing it were made in the US , but quite frankly you probably could not afford this piece if it were made here .
 This shelf is very sturdy , attractive and easy to assemble . I was looking for a bookshelf made of real wood so it could take the weight of books . This is perfect . A great size and a great price !
 All pieces were packaged well with no physical deformities or dents . It took a little while to put together , but some of the screws were very hard to get in with the provided wrench . After it was all put together , it looked very good and was quite sturdy - not completely sturdy , as it moved just slightly , but is fine with books filling each shelf . I would definitely recommend this bookshelf and may even be buying another one .
 Assembled in less than 20 minutes , seems very solid , actually made of wood , not pressboard , looks very nice . We are ordering another for a different room .
 Packed well , easy assembly . Looks great , real wood . Perfectly matches the writing desk I bought to go with it . Solid , perfect for the area I needed it .
 This book case is sharp ! And it 's solid wood - I 'm so sick of garbage pressed wood products . It assembled very easily and quickly . 15 minutes + / - and you 're ready to go.It is a bit small at 3.5 feet - one more tier would be perfect ! But its measurements are correct , so break out the measuring tape if you want to visualize its size.It arrived in good time and perfect condition . When opening it I advise laying it down and removing it from the packaging that way . If you open it standing up and dump out the parts they may get away from you and break something -LRB- I almost did ! -RRB- .
 Got this for $ 59 on a Fri sale and found it a good value . Good quality wood went a long way beyond typical particle wood shelves at office stores for comparable prices . Tall deep shelves are good enough for large coffee table books which I really had an eye out for . Had one shelf chipped due to shipping but was able to glue it on with minimal blemish and I positioned it towards the rear anyhow where it could n't be seen .
 We ordered two of these bookcases , and had to return one for a crack in one of the shelves , but the replacement bookcase came within 2 days of shipping the defective one back . Very pleased with the quality and looks .
 Truly easy to assemble , and excellent product . A bit small for my needs -- definitely a smaller bookcase .
 This solid wood bookcase took only about 15 minutes to assemble . It is helpful to have a second person to align pieces as you screw in the fasteners , though . Bookcase was level after assembly and the finish was even throughout . Filled it up with books and shelves were still strong and stable . A good purchase .
 This product looks excellent in my children 's room . It looks more expensive than it was . It is very well built and has a nice pecan colored stain . Highly recommended !
 This is a good quality bookshelf for a reasonable price . Like another reviewer , I loathe particle board `` furniture '' , and it 's vetoed in my house . This is made of above average quality solid wood . Very sturdy , well engineered , and made with quality parts . It 's easy to assemble and can be done in 30 minutes . It 's nice because there is only one type of screw , and there is very little guesswork to put the thing together . We purchased two of them , to sit side-by-side in our guest room , and both match without issue and look great.You can buy this shelf from Amazon at a cost that 's comparable to cheap particle board junk in a big box store . I have not doubts that most people will like this product . It 's just right for the price.The only drawback is the height , so be sure to break out a measuring tape if you want to be sure . It tops out at about 3.5 ' . If it were a foot or two taller , I 'd gladly pay 2x what this costs . Another reviewer commented about how smaller peices have multiple parts that were joined together to save costs . I will describe this in better detail ... Some of the back supports -LRB- the thin wood beams , above the shelves -RRB- are made of two peices that are glued in the factory , ripped -LRB- sawed -RRB- and then finished . Basically , if you look closely , you will see a jigsaw seam where two peices of solid wood were joined . It 's not really an issue though , since you have to look closely to notice it , and the construction is still quite solid and well-built . This is only an issue with the small back-beams , and not the large `` shelf '' components.Amazon shipped it in only * 2 days * . Ca n't beat that . Be aware that you 'll be paying about 1/3 of the bookcase 's cost in shipping . Still , it 's well worth it . I 'm very pleased with the bookcase and Amazon 's service .
 Would love this in a larger size but this is a well made easy to put together product - I recommend highly
 These shelves are very solid and easy to put together . The color is nice too , a warm honey shade . A very good value for the money .
 The shelf arrived on time , was easy to assemble and meets our needs . Good quality for the price . Very sturdy .
 This shelving is small enough so as not to take up much room and large enough to cover my storage needs . It was so simple to put together that I looked for other instructions even after seeing the finished product . It is also very sturdy .
 This is a nice little bookcase , just what we needed for our office area . It is made out of solid wood and it was n't too difficult to put together . I did it myself , except for the final tightening of the screws , which I left to my strong son . I do wish these manufacturers would give you screws that use a regular screwdriver , not these little metal hinges to tighten the screws . They are quite difficult to use . Besides that , the bookcase is lovely .
 This is a high quality bookcase made of solid wood and it was easy to assemble . I 'm 78 years old and if I can do it , anybody can . No tools necessary . It comes with a hex wrench to do the assembly .
 You definitely get a lot for the price . The shelves and sides seem to be solid wood . The top piece does not feel like solid wood , but you really ca n't tell the difference once it 's assembled . There were a few minor damage spots from shipping , but nothing too bad . Use some wood glue when assembling to make it really solid .
 I am moving and need to scale down . I purchased this bookcase for my cookbooks . It 's small , very nice looking and matches the Winsome computer desk I just bought . I want to add service was great ! Keep up the good work Amazon ,
 It is so hard to find nice little book cases that are not made of particle board or do n't cost an arm and a leg . Since this came with Super Saver shipping , it was far away a better deal than anything I could find locally . This is a well constructed unit and though it took a little elbow grease and patience to put it together , it came out very well and looks fantastic . I really like that after you tighten down the screws , you can hammer in solid wood plugs to cover the holes and really make it look a lot more expensive than it is . I can easily imagine this unit lasting for many , many years .
 Pleased with product . Matches my room decor perfectly . A little smaller than expected , but fits needs perfectly . Recommended .
 This pillow pulled my son 's bed ensemble together . I had previously purchased the comforter , shams , sheets and valance but the pillow was not available at that time . It is a good quality sewn structure with embroidery instead of iron-on transfers . Not too mention that it is so darn cute and even comfortable for my 3 year-old son to hug at night . Highly recommend this accessory and the whole muzzle surf line .
 I purchased this item for our daughters ' room , but to our surprise the whole family is using it in the living room as it is a very comfortable pillow . It is really just the right size for keeping our heads lifted up , but not with to much height it hurts our neck . It is made well , no snags , or unsewn seams or anything of that nature.I would purchase this item again , and look to purchasing something from that company later on in the future of purchasing online.If you are even thinking about purchasing this item , please do so , I bet you would be happy with just as we are .
 I love this little grill pan . I can fit four moderately sized burgers on it , or two good sized pork chops . it is heavy and thick , great quality ! the enamel coating is also great . It does not fit over two burners as I 'd hoped , but all in all I am very pleased .
 I bought this for myself and then ended up getting another as a gift for family . This is the perfect tool to get outdoor grill results without the outdoor grill . This is great for apartment dwellers without a patio . I highly recommend it .
 I think this is the greatest grill pan ever ! It 's so easy to handle and easy clean-up , Thanks LeCreuset ! You make great cookware !!
 We love this product . If you are like us and do n't want a thousand single-use products in your home , you may really like this grill . We use it in the winter to grill steaks and get those beautiful lines . We use it to grill veggies . -LRB- My favorite
 While some do n't like the size of this grill pan , I find it easy to work with . Just position the middle of the grill pan over the burner and heat slowly for even temperature throughout . The fact that 3 other burners are free while I grill meat on this grill is helpful in cooking other dishes for the meal . The patina does take a while to build but now I use very little -LRB- if any -RRB- grease to make it nonstick . I found that cleaning works best with a quick soak after the grill cools . Just some dish soap and enough water to soak the grill for 20 min or so was enough for easy cleanup with a plastic brush . Before the patina develops , there is a bit more careful cleanup but this diminishes over time . I 've enjoyed this grill for over a year and it is a staple part of my kitchen .
 It does stick a great deal if you do n't season it occasionally . And true , its an odd shape . I have an old old stove with tiny burners right now , and it takes close to 10 minutes to heat up evenly on these awful gas burners , and does n't do a great job if you put a second batch on right away because of the cold spots . but it used to work great on my thermador professional gas stove that had large burners pumping out lots of BTU . Works great on a standard electric smoothtop for my s-i-l too.PRO
 Anything by Le Creuset is worth the price . This skillet is just the right size for my stove top ... and , it 's only one I could find that is good for any stove type . I highly recomend it , and any of their products for fabulous cooking results
 This is an excellent compact grill for cooking meat and char grilling vegetables.I have found it can be used on a single burner / element stovetop
 A great grill pan for stove top use . Would highly recommend for anyone wanting to grill inside . Love the enamel surface . Easy to clean if you follow the instructions .
 This is an ideal little grill for one or two people . It is much lighter and easier to handle than the larger cast iron skillet type grill with a long handle . Also , the way the side handles are attached , they do not become as hot as the handle of a regular cast iron skillet does . I love this little grill ! And it is worth the price . I am so glad I ordered it .
 I was looking for a funnel that had a wide mouth and was n't made of rubber -LRB- like the OXO ones in the stores are -RRB- , that i could use to mix baby formula in bulk ! This fit right into the opening of a Rubbermaid 2qt jug so making 20 + oz of formula at one time now does n't take an eternity .
 This is a great funnel for the price.I do n't do any canning , but a wide mouth funnel is useful for many things around the house.I ca n't tell if the funnel can take high heat , since there was no information included with the product .
 This funnel works just like it should ! Works for anything you want to put into canning jars - fruits , vegetables , stews , salsa ... the list goes on !
 This item was impossible to find in local stores . Was so glad to find it on Amazon 's website . Very fast shipping !
 Good sutrdy plastic funnel , good for canning and other funneling needs . The opening will fit a standard canning jar , but nothing smaller . OK in the dishwasher so far .
 I love this wide mouth canning funnel . I am using it for all kinds of transfers from plastic bags into glass jars , like flax seeds , chia seeds , and also when I make my own fermented kraut with no mess on the kitchen counter . A great item to have in the kitchen !
 We did cookies in a jar for a project at school , and it was fabulous and easy to use for my students !
 The canning funnel is awesome ! I use it all the time not just for canning but for other . It really works well saves time and mess when putting stuff into canning jars !! I am so glad I purchased it !!
 I make a winter supply of stews for freezing . This works to allow me to fill the bags with ease ... Just wish the handle was a little more user friendly . .
 This funnel does exactally what you need it to do ! Easy to use and easy to clean a canning/jelly making necessity . jmg
 It came early and functioned as expected and the low price and shipping made it an enjoyable purchase . I had purchased a wide mouth Thermos 24 oz bottle that I intended to use for winter hiking and wanted hot soup to take with , but needed a funnel with the right dimensions to fill without slopping soup on the sides of the bottle . This funnel worked perfectly for that purpose .
 Everyone in my family loves this device . It really helps keep water from splashing onto the bathroom floor so much . It also looks nice.BUT ... the dang things are constantly falling off . I 've tried to use several different types of glues and caulking compounds , but nothing seems to work permanently . Perhaps it would have been better if there were some way to mount the thing with screws to the wall , allowing it to rest on the tub 's rim with caulk to prevent leakage . But even then it might still somehow get knocked off by the occasional accidental bump or jar as people get in and out of the tub.However , since it is so nice , I keep putting it back into place , keeping a tube of caulking compound in the bathroom to make sure I can do quick repairs when it falls off - which it does about one a month at least .
 Great for city dweller with no access to an outdoor grill and a small stovetop . The cast iron infuses food with smoky flavor and it 's actually easier to clean than I thought .
 This Snowbaby is one that is a very sentimental and special present that I am giving to my moms best friends . My mother was diagnosed with breast cancer when I was only in 4th grade . I am currently 15 , a Sophmore in High School and when I saw this gift I had to buy it . To me the gift symbolizes the friendship that my mother shared with her two best friends . There is a photograph of a picture with my mother sitting on the left with a hat that had a feather on it , just like in the `` snowbaby '' . Loosing all her hair due to chemotheropy she wore this hat on Christmas Eve one year I was only in 8th grade . For some crazy reason I brought my camera , maybe because deep down I knew that this was going to be the last christmas possibly and wanted to have memories to look at . While there her best friend -LRB- who wore a beaded neckalace -RRB- asked me to take a picture of them , we took it on her couch . It was the last picture ever taken with the three of them together . My mother ended up dying that May and when I went and uploaded all the pictures on the computer , I came accross that picture and gave a copy to each of her friends . This Christmas I am giving each of them one of these snowbabies . It is almost as if the picture has brought new things , it showed happiness and gave them a memory that they shared a life time . Sometimes its funny at how unrealistic but still , ment to be somethings can be . I never expected to find a thing like this nor was I looking for it . But I know that in honor of my mother this will be a charishished memory of her .
 shipped in good shape , excellent condiditon , much cheaper than i could buy here at home . recommended for the collectors of these
 For the price this is a very good bargin and being it is made almost entirely of hardwood rather than pressboard makes it a double bonus . The only part that is not wood is the unseen back but it has the same finish as the rest of the bench.Putting it together single handedly is a bit of a challenge and frankly I had to re-arrange the order of their instructions slightly . Although it comes with dowels you will want to use wood glue for best results and for a sturdy frame . I found that after I had it together and had all those hex screws tightened it was solid and did not wobble at all.The finish is very close to the photo depicted which frankly was a relief and I feel comfortable sitting on it as it easily supports my weight . The underneath storage is roomy and why I bought it in the first place . I would buy this product again .
 I bought these fridge magnets to replace the cacophony of commercial advertising flat magnets that I 've collected over the years , as well as some very weak magnets bought from dollar stores.These fridge pins from Hog Wild are pretty good . Each one is strong enough to hold at least 3 sheets of paper down -- although you might want to use two pins if you want to be secure . They are small and minimally obscure the paper being pinned down . All in all , the product does its job well , and they 're stylish as well.I would just like to note that the product description is inaccurate -- each pin does not hold a pound ; my tests show that each pin holds down about 150 -LRB- + / - 50 -RRB- g , or about 5 ounces , or about 1/3 of a pound . It would be nice if the magnets are twice as strong , but it 's not a show-stopping deficiency.Also , I think it would be great if these pins came at a greater quantity or at a lower price . I found myself buying 2 packs -LRB- 16 -RRB- of them , costing $ 10 in total . That 's a good 60 cents per pin , which is a bit of a stretch .
 i love these for putting the kids ' artwork on the fridge . they are small and inconspicuous and can hold 3-5 sheets of paper easily . BUT they are easily knocked off by being close to the fridge . mount the displays high and they will not be brushed off , put them low and the kids or your knees will knock them off and you have to pick up a bunch of papers.i bought more since the magnets are so strong and we use them on many other steel surfaces for notes , etc. .
 These magnets are awesome . I 'm sick of weak magnets on my fridge that are constantly falling off when the door is opened , or unable to hold anything more than a piece of paper . These magnets are strong , sturdy , small enough to not cover up whatever it 's holding , easy to position , and even look cool . I 've got one holding up a fabric patch on my fridge even . I do n't want any other magnets other than these on my fridge . They are a little pricey for magnets , but worth every penny !
 Recieved product very quickly . Same item sold on other websites for more money . It works just as the description says .
 I bought my original batch from ThinkGeek years ago . We always felt we did n't have enough , stacking our coupons 5 deep . So I bought them at Amazon to boost my Super Savings Free Shipping . What I received is exactly the same.The pins are colorful enough to be easy to spot . They are translucent , there are no ugly colors . Remind me of Lite-Brite pegs.I would be concerned if I had kids . They look like candy . Something to keep in mind.They work well and do n't mark our fridge . I just wish there are more in a pack .
 These are fantastic little magnets . They hold at least 10 pieces of paper on our fridge and look nice as well . They hold well , and are really useful !
 Perfect for my job . Would buy more if needed , would recomend . They are stong enough to hold my paper work up . Holds 3 sheets of paper to metal no problem .
 Holy cow ! For such a small magnet they really hold everything up plus some . Also their size is amazingly small so more items fit on the frig like all our kids art . I will definitely buy these again .
 For the money this chair is great . And I found it had better support and a better fit for someone my height -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' -RRB- than a lot of more expensive chairs . As far as putting it together I did n't find it hard at all . The instructions were very clear and to slide the screws in all you have to do is pull the leather back from the screw holes a little and it goes right in . I think the other reviewers made it harder than it should have been .
 It comes with everything you need to put it together . I put mine together in about 15 minutes . I do n't know why people are complaining about assembly since its only 10 screws and pretty much a piece of cake . I guess if you are like 65 years old , in a wheelchair , or completely retarded , it could take a little longer . Overall pretty comfortable , nice support . You have to work it in a little bit to get the leather nice and soft , but after that it 's like heaven . I 'm 6 ' 2 so a high back is a must and this one has more than enough height . Decent for the price . The average person would enjoy .
 Great item and inexpensive . Just what needed . I recommend as great item for home bars or as a take along on a camping trip .
 Recieved this order quickly and liked the fact that it came with a cover for the pick . It looks different than the one I thought I bought but I like it better .
 High quality product that has lasted me over 6 months now without any wear . Chips like a boss , and the handle is still like Day 1 . The only downside is that the sheathe does n't stay on well , otherwise I 'd have given it a 5/5 .
 Bought this as a gift for my grandpa , great quality , feels good in hand ! Will definitely be purchasing again , for myself this time !
 Ice picks seems to have become an item of the past in stores everywhere , so I naturally came here and found this one . It is a high quality pick and comes with a cover for storage . If anyone needs a good , fairly inexpensive ice pick , this is the one .
 This Ice Pick might not show very detailed images , but it is very well designed . It even includes a pick cover to protect the pick for storage . The pick cover is also great for your hands when reaching in a drawer trying to grab the pick.The price is phenomenal ! I was hesitant at first , wondering about the quality due to the low price . But the quality is excellent ! I love this Ice Pick!I would highly recommend it .
 I ordered this ice at my husbands request.I looked for a regular ice pick , thinking I could find one just anywhere , of course I had no luck ! So I ordered one from Amazon as I always do -LRB- when I ca n't find what I 'm looking for -RRB- Received iy after emailing customer service!They were very prompt in getting back to me . It 's a good sturdy ice pick ! works great when needed .
 For $ 6 or whatever it costs right now , this is a great investment . As somebody who frequently needs to buy ice at the grocery store for social gatherings , this comes in handy for me a lot . The wooden sheath is helpful to keep you from accidentally stabbing yourself if you store it in a drawer like I do . The metal bit on the top of the handle is maybe for hitting the ice , but it does n't seem to work well for me . My roommate says it makes the device look like a cute little man wearing a hat , though , so I 'm okay with it .
 I like this ice pick because of the holder which conceals the sharp point , and it 's very sturdy . I would reccommend this because it 's cheap and for some reason it 's hard to find one at the store .
 Nice wooden handle with protective cover . It does the job . Great item for the price !
 I have had occasion to need an ice pick several times over the last year and finally gave in to looking for one on-line . Always looking on Amazon.com first , I found this pick at a good price . Had a wooden handle and a cover for the pick part . For a few dollars , I now have a useful tool that has come in handy several times . Seems to be decent quality . I have no complaints . For the price , it is a great buy .
 Very good ice pick . I expect it to last for years . Nice too , that the pick is protected by a wooden case . I 'm not sure what the metal flange-like thing on the top of the wooden handle is for ... kind of strange . It looks like it 's wearing a hat . Maybe it 's used to beat the ice with . If so , just be careful which direction the pick is aimed at while ice-beating ! And I hope it does n't rust up , only time will tell . Really nice ice-pick especially for the price !
 Well its an ice pick.But for the money this seems pretty solid and it has a sheath.For $ 6 u ca n't go wrong .
 Made well and sturdy , careful super pointy point ! Breaks up big ice blocks like butter . Try not to hit anything but ice coz you 'll lose the pointyness fast .
 This pick looks to be well made . Its handle is large enough that I can hold it without too much difficulty .
 A very sturdy ice pick with a wooden sheath . It has a thick metal cap for safety during hard use .
 Bought this for making ice for cocktails . This is quite sharp , and quickly chips ice off of a larger block . Also works really well for breaking apart frozen foods.I thought the wooden sheath was unnecessary , but the pick is very pointy , and without the sheath , could hurt me if I reached into a drawer .
 I loved the Egyptian bottles . They were just like the ones I got in Egypt . I filled bottles with lotus blossom perfume from Egypt
 These are very beautiful . They are the right size . The set is very good . Thank you very much . Hope you enjoy it to .
 I bought these as a gift and recipient adored them ! They are beautiful and the price is super competitive . They also came very well packaged .
 To quickly sum it up ... it 's a great product , at an amazing deal , with super fast shipping ! It was an absolute pleasure , thank you .
 These perfume bottles are great and range in size and color . Each one is adifferent color and size . BUT there is something not shown in the picture . This seller gives you 3 bottles that are about 5 inches and 3 that are about 2.5 inches . These bottles are all glass . One of mine are unstable and do n't stand well . If you look REALLY close at the bottles you can see little flaws like tiny scratches and that the paint is n't painted right . By the way , These are made in EGYPT not CHINA . Also the 3 small ones you will recieve have a spherical type of stick inside and the 3 big ones have the more triangular cone-ish stick as seen in the picture . These bottles DO NOT come with any perfume . They also are packaged in packaging peanuts and each one is carefully wrapped in bubble wrap with a rubber band . Also the price is VERY good because usually individual botttles cost $ 15-20 !!!!!!!! They are also very pretty and shiny . I do not recommend this to people with small children or people without high shelves to hide it from them . BUT I DO RECOMMEND THIS TO people who are looking for something unique that will get TONS of compliments on ! BUY BUY BUY ! BUT WAIT FOR IT TO GO BACK IN STOCK AND IT WILL BE $ 20 !!!!!!!!!
 These bottles were darling , and arrived exactly as expected . One tiny drawback - some were very similar . I would have preferred a greater variation in them.Lovely , still .
 Good service - bought as a gift and recipient loved them - packaged pretty good but one stopper was broken
 The bottles all arrived in great shape and intact . The seller took great care in packaging them and they showed up without delay in several days . Not to mention the bottles look even better in person !
 I purchased these bottles as a gift for my wife , as a room accent , and they do the job perfectly . The bottles are not very big , between 3 and 6 inches or so , but they are nicely detailed , and seem to be better quality than most that I saw online . They are very unique , pretty to look at , and the seller was even able to get me the exact color of bottles that fit our decor . Overall , we 're very happy .
 I really like the colors and size of the bottles . They were wrapped perfect for travel . Not one was cracked or broken .
 When I first opened the box and received them , the first bottle was only an inch big and I felt kind of let down thinking they were all going to be that size , but as I unwrapped the rest it was wonderful ! All of them were different sizes ranging from an inch big to five inches . They are so beautiful all different shapes and colors , well worth the money !!
 Very nice and authentic bottles . I just came back from Egypt and these bottles look exacty the same as the ones I purchased -LRB- minus the extra decorative accents that were added to each bottle -RRB- in Egypt.The order came quicky and was packaged very well . I was so happy with it , I ordered another set to fill with the pefume oils I purchased in Egypt.I will probably order another set.Order with confidence .
 I have been searching for years for the perfect hand-blown glass mini-perfume bottles in the Egyptian style , and I am happy to report that my search is finally over ! These small bottles by Eziba are beautiful in appearance , and the six that I purchased varied greatly ... each with its own unique design and color scheme . I could not be happier with my purchase ! They are finely crafted of the highest quality , unlike other more stubby/short/roughly-designed bottles available for equal or greater cost.Plus , as far as my ordering experience with Ecko Imports , the items were packaged with care and arrived within a day or two of ordering them and I had not even requested expedited shipping -LRB- plus they came all the way from CA , while I live in NY -RRB- ! They arrived in pristine condition with no broken glass and all the stoppers in tact . Could not be more pleased with the purchase and would recommend them to anyone seeking finely made , beautifully designed miniature Egyptian style perfume bottles.And I would definitely order from Ecko Imports again in the future .
 As advertised , I live in Afghanistan as a contractor and this filter helps reduce the dust .
 We have two of these machines and they work GREAT !! Thought I replaced the filters every year , but just realized it has been 2009 . Keep them clean and they do their job !!
 A good sturdy down rod with very durable paint coat . Fit well with our Minka-Aire fan . Would most likely work with other brands .
 I got this for my son when he was 6 months old . He loves it . I 'm now searching for another one because he wo n't take a nap without it .
 I received these tables very quickly and assembled them in about fifteen minutes while watching tv . They are very sturdy and easy to put together . I highly recommend .
 I like these tables a lot -- they are affordable , easy to put together , and relatively sturdy for how much they cost -LRB- I was actually expecting something a tad more shoddy -RRB- . We are using these for our office lobby and they go well with the brown leather chairs we purchased . The tables took 10 minutes or fewer to put both together , and it is so simple you probably do n't need the instructions . Beware that they are pretty short , a little under two feet . This works with the low chairs we have but may be awkward next to a taller seat.All things considered , these are not fancy or anything but are cute and fairly well made . I would recommend these to a friend .
 After searching for a replacement wok and deliberating between a stove top vs electric wok I stumbled onto this wok.Pros : - Massive capacity -LRB- able to make 2 pounds of pancit -RRB- - Powerful heating element-Domed glass lid to see food cooking-Heavy aluminum construction-Round bottom-Durable nonstick interior , does not requiring `` seasoning '' like carbon steel woks-Easy to cleanCons : - Handles DO get hot-Paint on dial rubs off-Exterior finish scratches easier than I would have expectedExpensive but well worth it .
 Amazon ran this item for $ 3.60 , including super saver shipping , about two weeks ago , and it is so worth it . I already have the Lenox cardinal Winter greetings mug , and this saucer goes very well with it . The workmanship on this china is impeccable . Put this in your Save for Later section of your cart and watch for it to go on sale again .
 Hey , what can you say about an oven mitt ? Keeps the heat off .
 I got this for my mother a few christmases back and we use it all the time and it still works wonderfully . I can not feel the heat of the oven unless it gets wet in which case ... that was my fault . A purchase worth the money
 I was looking for a blue oven mitts . They 're blue . When I purchased one , I discovered it was good looking an durable too . I bought three more : -RRB-
 Nice mittI do not want to write 12 more words I have better things to do . Thanks again . bye
 I was looking for some oven mitts that would cover my arms and these are the perfect mitts for me . They are comfortable and keep my hands and arms from getting too hot when I take food out of the oven . I like the blue color , too . This was a fantastic purchase .
 Received my item and its just like I thought it would be . My mom loved it because it was her Christmas present .
 I 'm a big fan of starting my charcoal with a metal chimney , not with starter fluid , and the coals in a small metal can get really hot . I can handle the starter chimney and the hot grill with a pair of these mitts . They 're much more heat proof than the silicon mitts .
 These are great oven mitts very thick and long . Super fast shipping . Give them a try if your searching for some good oven mitts . .
 I LOVE THESE ! I 've had a pair that were silver-colored for years that finally `` died '' and I like these even better . They are long enough that I do n't get burned reaching back into my oven , and they are flexible enough that picking up other hot things is easy.Thanks , Amazon , for A GREAT product at a GREAT price !
 I loved these pictures , especially the fact that is came with 4 pictures for a great price . The only complaint and it really isnt a complaint , is that two were like and then the other two with similar . So I originally have planned to frame them and put on a wall next to each other and well with all four clused together that do not look so good . So I put them in two separate rooms and they look fine !
 Put prints in Dollar store frames & they look great . I 'm using the prints in a bathroom that I 'm redoing with a beach-theme . I do n't have a lot of wall space because the room is small so these prints work great and add interest to the room . Happy customer .
 These are on good quality partially stiff not thin paper and very nice . Matte Finish . The copyright reads 1999 Scafa Art N.Y. Litho for the 2 white framed pics ; the other is 2002 .
 The four pictures are hanging in my new bedroom . The colors and the theme go beautifully in that room . I would order them again .
 These are the best posters I 've ever bought . The pictures have ahigh quality . The posters really does worth to buy especially forsuch little price . I contacted the sealer with some other issueand they treat me very well.I love their work.Highly recommended !
 This can opener is a little strange . . once I figured out how to use it I was pleased . The small part that looks like a bird 's beak is used to pull off the lid after it is opened .
 Love this opener , does exactly what it 's supposed to do . If you 're looking for dependable opener then this is it .
 After getting cut by several other can openers I new I needed a can opener like this . It just takes the lid right off so nobody gets hurt.Love it !
 Super easy to use . Not too big and bulky . Works like a charm . And all at a good price . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I have been using this can opener for one month . So far , I love it . It takes a couple of cans to get the hang of how to attach it with ease . It cuts nicely and leaves a smooth edge .
 This took me a while to figure out , but once I did , it worked pretty well . It takes the top off of the whole can so there are no sharp edges .
 This is the greatest little invention I have seen for opening cans . Works like a charm , and no sharp edges . I was afraid it would be hard to use but you just lay it on the top of the can and turn the knob . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this can opener a few months ago . I have to say that I love this can opener . When I opened the box I could n't get over how little it looked but this can opener does the job ! I just ordered one in blue for in our camper . If they had more than 5 stars I would give it a better rating .
 Opens the can so easily , I did it twice the first time I used it because I thought it did n't cut!Highly recommended .
 This is a great can opener , well made , but it can be tricky to learn at first . Just follow the instructions on the card and once you do it once , you 'll have it down . It is very smooth to use once it is locked in place and it 's great how it leaves no sharp edges .
 This is a nice can opener . Works well , clean , keeps the edges of cans safe and not sharp . The handle is large and easy to turn . I did n't give it five full stars because I ca n't quite seem to get the handle just right when I want to use the lid lifter . It 's always in the way , and it never was with my old can opener . Other than that , it 's great and a good price .
 Very easy to use and very effective . The grabber built into the side worked great . I had another similar item and the cut was always so clean that it was sometimes difficult to remove the lid after it was cut but the grabber on this one makes it a snap .
 You may want to keep your old opener around , but you wo n't want to use it unless you have to . This opener is fantastic !
 Got this to replace other smooth-top openers that worked whenever they felt like it . So far , so good . Once you get used to how use it , it 's a breeze . Would have gotten 5 stars if the pincher part that takes the lid off was a little more user friendly .
 I 'm still not sure how this can opener works but the rims of both the lid and opened can are indeed free of sharp edges . It 's almost like the original seal is pried apart rather than cut . No matter . If sharp edges are a concern , then this unit does the job nicely . I 've only had it for a couple months so I ca n't comment on durability . It 's easy to use though . I love tools that work well . This is one of them . Highly recommended .
 Bought this after reading Amazon reviews from other buyers . As always , the reviews were right on target.This is an excellent can opener , better than ones I 've owned before . It opens the can such that you can still use the lid as a cap .
 I have use many different types of can openers and have spent quite a bit more money on other brands and have n't been pleased . I came across this can opener and figured I 'd give it a try . This is by far the best quality can opener I have ever used . We have had ours now for 8 years and it is just starting to act up . I 've felt comfortable allowing my children to use it since it opens the can through the seal and not through the metal , resulting in a smooth , non-abrasive rim . We have definitely got our money 's worth out of this can opener .
 Sounds like hyperbole but honestly after opening two cans I really love this thing . I did n't get insturctions with mine -LRB- I got it at the warehouse sale -RRB- so I 'm still figuring it out but I do n't care because I love the way it leaves the cans and lids .
 It does the job , cleanly , neatly and quickly . It took a few tries to figure it out but once you get the hang of it , it is smooth . I highly recommend it and I even got one for my mom to replace her old rusty can opener .
 I 've enjoyed my Oxo can opener that leaves no sharp edges for a year or so , and the only thing I did n't like was the way it could n't open rectangular cans , because it 's side-mounted handle would hit the can , and stop the entire opening gprocess till it was restarted an inch or so away from the corner.I saw this Kuhn Rikon sllim safety one , and it had it 's handle on the top , not the side ... Bought it , tried it on seveal cans , and it 's the easiest one to open can with!It opens along the seam , rather than actually cutting , and at first , after `` going round '' the top of a can , it does n't look any different . Then , grip the top edge of the can with the side `` pliers '' on the can opener , and the entire top lid comes off ! If you are so inclined , you can easily put teh top back on , and it stays!This is easy on the hands light weight , and seems to open easily any can I offer to it!Very safe for kids , as it does n't leave sharp or ragged edges as with the can openers that have been around for over 30 years.I 'm giving my Oxo to Salvation Army !
 I really like that this can opener does n't leave sharp edges . It takes a few tries to figure out how to use can opener but once you get the hang of it , it 's super easy to use.You do need to use an old styled can opener for some things -LRB- such as tuna -RRB- because with this opener , you are n't able to use the lid to drain off the liquid in a can .
 I asked for this for Christmas because I like gadgets and because using the same `` regular '' can opener for cat food and my food was pretty gross.It 's true that it 's VERY confusing to figure out at first . The instructions are not clear at all . Just open it up and look on the underside . There is a rubber `` traction wheel '' and a geared `` cutting edge . '' You want to put it on the can so the edge of the can is pinched between those two wheels when you close the handles . After you figure this out , it becomes clearer how to line up the little arrow on the top to position it correctly from then on.There are little metal `` beaks '' on the side of each handle . Do n't confuse these with cutting edges . These are the `` pliers '' that you use to easily lift the lid off after opening the can.Once you have that figured out , this is easy to use and above all CLEAN . I 'm very satisfied with my new toy . I understand from reading elsewhere that it has a limited lifespan and will stop cutting and need to be replaced eventually . I like it enough that I wo n't mind doing so when the time comes .
 Not that there way anything wrong with the first one , which I had for over three years , but this is the second Kuhn Rikon opener of this type that I 've owned . Having brought my cat along , when on an extended visit with friends , I had brought the opener with me . Those folks were so impressed by it that I gifted it to them and bought another . It 's the only type can opener I plan to ever own and it 's marvelous in all regards . NEITHER THE LID NOR THE EDGES OF THE OPENED CAN ARE SHARP , and by simply placing the top back on the can , it appears to still be sealed , which is marvelous for putting an opened can of pet food in the fridge or for hiding small items , such as valuables . I really ca n't say enough about it and would MOST HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product to all .
 I love this product . You can feel the quality when you pick it up . Even for its smaller size , it is well balanced , smooth operating , and leaves a smooth clean edge on both the can and lid . I love mine so much I bought one for each of my daughters . I would recommend this product without hesitation to anyone looking for a can opener .
 Over the past year I 've been quite satisfied with this opener . It stays clean and there is no risk of being cut -LRB- though it is possible to pinch yourself with the pliers -RRB- . It does n't produce a re-sealable can , however , so do n't expect that . You 'll also probably need a metal can colander , which you 'll find is better than draining around the cut lid anyway.But ... since you are pulling the lids off rather than just cutting through them there can be problems with some cans if they are dirty or have labels or deformed lids obstructing the opener 's leverage . Normally this is n't an issue , and on rare occasions when the lid is only partially separated you can still pry it open , but I have a lot of difficulty with my favorite brand of tomato paste , not because the can is small , but because the edge of the lids is sort of mashed over when they are sealed . Note , I am still able to get at least one end of even these clumsily-made cans open , but it is a struggle . So you probably wo n't want to use it , but you should keep your old can-cutter around .
 I use this opener on every can , including those with pull-off lids . When you yank the lid off or open a regular can with a conventional can opener , two sharp edges are waiting to wreak havoc
 This is the top pick on American Test Kitchen for safety can openers and I agree . It feels solid and good in my hand . It is easy to attach to the can . The cutting is smooth . Also there are two little teeth that help get the lid off when I am done . Pulling the lid off was always a problem with the two other openers I had . The lid and can edge are smooth and clean and do n't cut my fingers -LRB- because it cuts the outside rim of the can -RRB- . The only problem is small . I want to turn the can on its side to turn the handle
 Ever notice how can openers you buy in the stores are getting worse and worse , with lifespans measured in weeks before some cheap plastic part breaks or the wheel wo n't grip the can enough to turn it ? I did . And I finally decided to bit the bullet and spend what I had to to get a can opener that works and that I can depend on . Hell hath no fury like a hungry man with a can of food and a can opener that wo n't open the can.So I ordered this . These guys spell quality in all caps . It works so well I had to restrain myself from opening every can in the cupboard . The best part is no sharp edges and you can actually replace the top on the can to refrigerate any unused portion left in the can.Buy one . Hold your nose if necessary . You 'll forget all about the price as the sweetness of great quality wafts over you every time you use this product for years to come .
 the smooth edge lets you store leftovers if you do n't use the whole can . it 's just the best thing ever .
 It 's as great as they describe . I love it ! It 's cute and functional ; does n't hurt my wrist like the other kind of openers .
 This can opener is very handy . It basically pulls the lid of the can away from the body so it can be lifted . When I first got it , I kept forgetting how to use it -LRB- I do n't use a lot of canned goods since most cans have BPA lining -RRB- but the instructions are right on the opener itself . I 've used it enough now that I feel silly that I could n't remember before . I 'm glad I made this purchase !
 THIS IS POSTIVELY THE GREATEST OPENER I 'VE EVER HAD . OPENS CLEANLY AND QUICKLY AND SO SMOOTHLY ONE CAN REUSE CANS IF YOU CHOOSE . NO MESS , NO LIDS FALLING INTO CANS , IT 'S JUST TERRIFIC !
 I waited a couple of months before writing this review because I wanted to do testing through use . Now that my Kuhn Rikon Slim Safety Lid Lifter has been used dozens of times , I say `` finally '' with relief because I wo n't have to cycle through malfunctioning openers any more . This elegant device opens cans big and small , reliably , easily and safely . The lids come off with the rim attached , making disposal of them much safer . The resulting rimmed lids are so safe to handle I keep thinking there must be handy uses for them . Perhaps children might like to paint them to make mobiles , or a crafty adult could puncture them with holes and with several embedded on a base create a star casting light with a tea light candle . If I could make an improvement it would be that a large , clear arrow would point to the area where the opener grasps the rim of the can . It takes a bit of learning to figure this out . Despite that , tho , this opener is really worth the bit of extra cost and patience .
 I was looking for a can opener that worked by cutting into the seam rather than into the top of the can . My grandmother had an electric one that worked this way and I was hoping to find a mechanical or at least inexpensive version.Pros : - Opens cans without dropping the cut cover into your can-No sharp edges on can or on the cut part of can-Instructions on the can opener so that even someone who has never used one can figure it out-Good materials , sturdy feel-Company sent a replacement right away more than a year after I bought it-Very affordable , especially since it 's well-madeCons : - The gear was mostly stripped after a little more than a year . It sill works but not all the time.When I wrote the company about my problem with the stripped gear they sent me a new one within a day or two ; no stress , no long list of questions . Even if they had n't replaced it I would have bought another one ; great value for a year of great can opening .
 This product is amazing . Once you play around with it and figure it out , you will never go back to anyother method ; unless it is a Swiss Army Knife can opener in the wild . Buy it with confidence .
 You must turn this around the can at least 2 times in order for this to cut open the lid . No sharp edges at all . If you like to use the lid to drain the tuna fish , this is not going to work and that is the only reason why I gave it a 4 stars .
 5 stars all the way around . Even after months of use this thing is a really good buy . It is strong and it holds up to repeated use .
 This is a lightweight and simple version of the ` sideways ' can openers . I 've used another that was a bit heavier and perhaps better built , but it was also far more expensive.This one takes moderate effort , but seems to do the trick . It should also survive a few drops on the ground -LRB- but not too many -RRB- . For the price , very happy .
 I bought one of these many years ago and liked it so much so that I bought a spare for when it wears out ; every good product seems to get redesigned to become a poorer . Well , its been about 7 years and the original now takes about 3 revolutions around the can to release the adhesive holding the lid on . It was now time to find where I put the spare ; once I found it , the spare opener works with only one revolution . I do n't know if that is the case for the current product , but it looks the same.The only negatives I could offer is that with very large cans , where the metal is probably thicker it seems that it requires more force to operate the thing and with rectangular cans it works very poorly . -LRB- The brand of sardines I like comes in rectangular cans with a pull tab that frequently breaks off and requires the use of a can opener . After a few twists around it usually takes a pair of pliers to get to the sardines . -RRB-
 More compact than my last Pampered Chef opener and far lighter , while being just as capable . Fits in my gadget drawer much better and the way the handle splits into an upper and lower half is `` cool . '' This is one of those tools you really do n't appreciate until you do n't have it , and then you want the best you can get . Kuhn has done a good job designing this valuable kitchen tool and I like it a lot .
 I 've had a safety can opener before , but even so , this is easy to use . It does n't take up too much space , I love the color , and I love the fact that the edges are perfectly smooth .
 I was honestly surprised by how well this works . After feeling the edges of a can that I 'd opened , I felt completely comfortable with my cats eating out of it . So far , I 've been using it for a month without any trouble .
 This is without a doubt the best can opener ever . Simple to use , leaves no sharp edges and the lid can be reused !
 I bought this on Amazon back in September after visiting my sister who had the safety opener from Pampered Chef . I checked with Americas Test Kitchen and this KR was their top safety opener so I chose it instead . Although I was slow to learn how to use it I will never go back to a regular opener and am ordering for at least 7 family members for Christmas.We recycle cans in the Phoenix AZ area and this makes cleaning out the cans so much safer on my knuckles.Don ' t give up if you are not mechanically minded . It will come to you and the directions are also on the inside of the handle.Very solid construction.One of my favorited purchases in years .
 The design of this can opener is wonderful . I have arthritis in my hands and the large smooth knob is easily turned . There are no sharp edges and no chance of dirty lids dropping into the can .
 I have to say that this opener is n't all that intuitive . However , if you just take a minute to read the instructions -LRB- yes , I do have a problem with that -RRB- it is n't difficult to get the hang of it . I think the product has an appealing design and is n't just a &#34; run of the mill &#34; opener . Funny how you can get a bit of pleasure from such a simple thing done just a little differently . And the best part , it works well -- no sharp edges .
 I have had this device for 5 + years . Never had a can I could not open with it . Love the fact that there is no longer contamination from the crud that can build up on the traditional type can openers no matter how you try to clean them . Never lose the lid into the contents , no cuts , no worrie about lid contamination into the contents of the can since it removes from outside . There is a `` learning curve '' the first few times you use it because it is different . I remember coming home and my husband saying he did n't add the crushed tomatoes to the chili recipe because he could n't figure out how to manipulate the can opener . -LRB- This was when we first got it . Now he loves it too . -RRB-
 works so far just fine , only two months of use . do n't anticipate any problems -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- I 'll give it 5 stars if it makes it 2 years . : -RRB-
 Took a little bit to figure out how to use it , but thankfully , instructions are right on the opener . Works like a dream ! After having been through at least 3 can openers int he last year , I have high hopes for this one . So far , so good ! This was recommended to me by someone who has one , so i have it in good authority it is an excellent choice !
 I 've had this opener for a year now and could n't be more pleased . I had my doubts when I bought it , but it has worked flawlessly . I 'm about to order another for a present . I was going to order the white one because it 's a couple of $ cheaper , but the ratings were not as high ... go figure . Just in case , I 'll order the red one . No reason to knock success for a couple of $ . Thing I like best is , if you do n't eat everything in the can , you can just put the lid back on . No leftover dish needed , and it 's easy to know what 's in the can . The can also makes a great storage device . Just wash it out , put your small valuables or extra cash in it for safe keeping , and put it back in the pantry with the other canned goods . This may only work if you 're the only one that opens cans ...
 Works great ! I purchased this as a gift for a left handed person . She was able to use this easily . Piece-a-cake .
 I purchased this opener to replace a broken electric opener -LRB- which I never really like anyway -RRB- . Works just as described , lid comes off clean without any sharp edges . A little hard to turn on larger cans , but I think this will get better with more use .
 When I first got this out of the package and saw the instructions on how to use it I thought '' What a pain '' but , it was easy to use . My old Safety can opener did n't always work right so I was hesitant about getting another one but , this one worked great . Very smooth and easy when turning the handle . Now I will see if it withstands the test of time .
 Great product easy to use , cuts with easy beats all manual can opener i have had , move on dollar store awl mart
 I LOVE this can opener . It is easy to use and does not require the strength that the old-style manual openers do . Most important to me is that it does not leave a sharp , cut edge around the lid like the old-style manual openers do .
 Ten years age my daughter sliced her hand open on the lid of a can cut with a conventional can opener and my mother immediately made us a present of the Kuhn safety lid lifter . I am now about to gift this to that same daughter for her college apartment ! As for the dishwasher - mine has gone into the dishwasher for ten years with no ill effects . With this can opener there is no worry about the lid falling into and contaminating the contents of the can and there is the added benefit that the can can be covered again with its own lid to keep overnight in the fridge . As for the tuna problem - buy tuna packed in olive oil and eliminate or limit the mayo - much healthier ! All in all I love this product and am about to buy myself a new one !!
 Works great ! Always wanted one and makes opening cans so easy . Though a plastic construction , it feels solid . Allows for the lid on the can to be re-useable if you did n't use everything .
 Can openers are such a simple thing yet our previous safety opener had difficulties opening many cans . The Kuhn Rikon has opened every can with ease . I have n't had to use the lid lifter feature yet as every lid has lifted off very easily by hand . A pleasure to use . The only issue I would have is that it is sometimes awkward to attach to a can but I find this true of this style of opener in general .
 This little can opener -LRB- lid lifter ! -RRB- gets the job done well , every time . With a different approach to opening a can , once you get the hang of it , you 'll never want to use anything else . The secret is getting the placement right on the top of the can . Sometimes after going all the way around the can , it seems like it did n't work right , because the lid does n't just pop off , but it did ; just use the little jaws on the side to pull the lid off . Because of the balance and leverage , this tool only needs a small percentage of the effort needed with standard openers . And it looks great too ...
 The first 3 or 4 cans I opened took me 3 or 4 tries to actually `` click on '' so to speak . However , now I know exactly how to line up the opener and this is by far the best can opener I 've ever had . Very smooth operation . I actually like the clamp design so you can pull the can top off . I 've had no issues with it at all . I really like that I can actually put the top back on the can after it 's opened . Well designed . I 'd never buy another can opener style after using the Kuhn .
 My sister suggested I purchase this can opener . I was shopping online to get a new can opener . I have 3 in the house , all old and they just dont do the job anymore . My sister said this one opens from the side . Did you ever think when opening cans , the metal shavings were actually falling in your food ? I didnt . Now I do . I feel confident this can opener will do the job without letting metal shavings fall into the food , but I havent used it yet . Still a better can opener than the old fashion kind . Good price . I saw can openers that opened from the top which lets the shavings drop into the food , at a higher price than what Amazon sold this one for . Also , didnt pay for shipping . Bought it along with a 10 inch non stick pan and a spider -LRB- lifts food from water or oil while cooking . -RRB- Free shipping is what I consider a bonus and usually the turning point for making a purchase .
 Initially when I wrote a review for this can opener I stated that it did not work well on larger cans , but with use I have determined that it was due to operator -LRB- myself -RRB- error and had nothing to do with the opener itself . We are VERY happy with this opener and my wife especially likes the fact that she can remove the lid without having to touch any sharp edges . We HIGHLY recommend this can opener , it is definitely worth the price !
 We 've used this for 5 years . Works nicely . Does n't get slimed with tuna juice , soup , etc.PROs : * Stays clean - no slime , no clean-up ! * Stays sharp * Trouble free - no sharp edge on opened canCONs : * Does n't work on some cans -LRB- rare - evaporated milk , for example -RRB- - Learning curve the first time you use it
 no more cut fingers ! Clean , easy -LRB- once you get use to the attachment -RRB- and safe .
 Works nicely , although I do n't use the tiny plier feature to remove the lid once it has been cut .
 I have been through so many can openers and they all have sucked in the past ... this is the first can opener i have ever purchased that i have been totally happy with . So happy with it I told my mom to go buy one and she loves it too , i would highly recommend . Took me a few minutes to figure it out but honestly it really is simple and makes opening cans super easy , plus it 's clean and non-messy .
 The title says it all - this can opener works well , opens cans cleanly without sharp edges , is dishwasher safe -LRB- no more of that disgusting build up on your can opener ! -RRB- AND fun to use . It can be a little bit harder to turn on some cans than a standard opener , though .
 I just got this opening and have only used it a few times , but it works well . I ordered it because my old swing-away that I had used for years was rusting and the gear mechanism was difficult to clean and became caked with food/grease over time . The swing-away type will open cans just fine , but it is not very sanitary . This is especially important if you open different kinds of food like animal food etc. . With this can opener type you can open the can without ever having food touch the opener . Furthermore , the edges of the can are dull so that you ca n't cut your finger on them . Lastly , if you only want to used some of a can 's contents you can replace the lid and use a rubber band to hold it in place and it stays sealed nicely.The only con to this magical device so far is that it is a little awkward to use at first because the wheel faces straight up when the device is on the can . Most people 's hands are stronger using the wheel on the side . It 's not a problem for me , but could be for some.I ca n't comment on durability as I have only had it short while , but the build quality seems good .
 I have had a number of iterations of the non-sharp edge can opener from different companies . They are fabulous and I will never go back to the normal one . This one works a little different than the others since it attaches at the top of the can instead of the side . However , after a few months and several dozen cans , it is certainly doing it 's job . The true test of these devices though is whether they last for one year versus many years . If I have an update on its durability I will post it .
 Seeing as my wife and I have had the same $ 5 can opener since we got married , we figured it was time for a new one . We wanted one that left a smooth edge rather than the regular jagged finger deathtrap ! I saw the reviews for the Kuhn Rikon opener and we decided to give it a try!BUILD / QUALITYThis thing is really quite attractive for a kitchen gadget , and a quick peek at the Kuhn Rikon line confirmed that it is just what they do ! It feels very nice in the hand due to its thick handle , and the red is pretty classy . It is not as vivid of a red as the picture makes it out to be , and I am using industry-standard monitor calibration . A star was removed because the description says that it is `` Made of 18/8 stainless steel with a polished finish -LSB- ... -RSB- '' , yet this is true for only a very small portion of the device . I was expecting an all-metal construction apart from the handle.OPERATIONThis can opener does exactly what it promises to do , and it does it well ! All the cans we have opened have smooth , safe edges , making the discarding of lids such an easy process ! The rubberized turning knob is soft on the hands , and the mechanism is pretty easy compared to others we have tried . Eventually you feel a sharp `` drop off '' in resistance you know you 're done!Overall we love this can opener , and are hoping that it lasts a while ! Seeing as though it was n't any more expensive than most openers at the store however , it looks as though if it even does wear out we will be coming right back !
 This is my second one since I lost the original in my house fire . The first one was a gift . The only can opener you ` llever own once you use it . Definitely worth paying a little extra !
 Much better design than my last one which also did n't last at all . I am very pleased with it . Good price .
 This can opener is awesome ! There was a very small learning curve when we bought it , but now that we have it I 'd never want to go back to a regular can opener ! My wife is now able to use out cans for arts and craft projects , and I 'm able to give the cat the occasional can of tuna without worrying about him cutting his tongue !
 A little tricky at first , but a -LRB- fast -RRB- breeze once you get the hang of it . I like the fact that there is no blade touching the food so it does n't get all gunked up . It just presses in on the side just below the rim and breaks the seal of the glue . THAT concerns me a bit , as there are glue remnants around the lip of the can when the top is removed . Almost unavoidable for a tiny bit here and there to end up in the food . Maybe I 'm being anal ... Other than that , it 's perfect .
 I saw this can opener at a friend 's house , I was impressed so I had to order one for myself . Once you get the hang of how it works , it 's wonderful ! I highly recommend this can opener !
 I love these safety lid type of can openers and this Kuhn Rikon one looks very nice in the kitchen .
 This is the best can opener . I bought 10 of these and gave out to my family that like to cook .
 easy to use even I can teach to my daughter to use this . In someway it is fun so kids love to try and I do n't need to worry about it .
 This Swiss designed can opener is a dream ! I had already run through several other openers and even and electric can opener that was supposed to work in the same manner . There is less mess due to the side cutting method of this can opener . It is worth the extra money .
 What else is there to say when a product does what it 's supposed to do better than anything else you have found on the market . If you need a can open , this is the best bang for the buck .
 Well , after reading the reviews for these , and for similar items , I really did not want to order these online and have them delivered . I figured they 'd arrive broken and I 'd have to return them . After going to 5 places -LRB- Pottery Barn , Target , Crate and Barrel , Sur La Table and William Sonoma -RRB- without finding anything like what I wanted I bit the bullet and ordered these . Miracle of miracles , they arrived today in perfect shape ! It 's a miracle because , as the other reviewers said , the packing was seriously inadequate . The original box was just placed inside another box . The outer box was n't even marked `` Fragile '' . I guess the UPS folks were feeling very gentle this last week . Anyway , I think they 're pretty cool and if you order them I hope they come to you intact !
 these all ceramic soup crocks are great.they were a little bit smaller than i expected , but i still use them - microwave , oven and dishwasher safe . of course from UPS they broke first box , but second - was no damage at all . so I 'm happy ...
 The first set of soup crockpots came and 1 was broke . So I sent itback and they sent a new set . It came quickly and tried them outand really like them . Very pleased and will probably order fromAmazon.com again . ThanksSandy Bon Durant
 The bowls are large enough for a hearty bowl of soup , stew , or chili . I love the lids . When you have kids sometimes its hard to make it to the table when the soup is hot ; the lids help the hot soup cause . I read the other reviews about poor packaging and that the bowls often arrive damaged . Just like the reviews , two of the bowls were cracked . I had to give a broken gift and then exchange it through Amazon . Hopefully the merchant will read our reviews soon and change the packaging . Kudos to Amazon , it facilitated a quick and painless exchange .
 I was n't sure if i wanted to order this product because of all of the shipping issues listed in the reviews . I decided to order anyway and I 'm glad I did . Everything arrived in 1 piece . The size of the bowls are good and they are made well . I truely recommend the purchase if you are looking for soup crocks .
 These soup crocks are so cute ! I 'm looking forward to using these at my next get together . These shipped promptly and arrived in perfect condition .
 After reading previous reviews the only thing I was concerned about when ordering these crocks was if they would arrive un-cracked . They did ! . Perfectly package in their own box , inside a shipping box . Hopefully Amazon and Target have worked out the ` kinks ' .
 The product is all around very good and I am pleased . I recommend.GOURMETFatima
 Chances are you have n't seen this film unless you 're one who likes to frequent those little hard to find arts theatres that specializes in presenting foreign films are avant-garde features . ` Walkabout ' is an Australian film released in '71 starring David Gulpilil and the lovely jenny Agutter . It 's a thought-provoking film , perfect to see with a group of friends who like to dissect a movie over a cup of coffee after viewing . This is a very cool 11 '' X 17 '' reproduction poster that I 'm actually quite surprised and pleased to see available considering the obscure nature of this movie . Nice addition to any collection .
 I originally purchased two sets of `` Whisper '' Corelle Dinnerware sets and felt that I needed more plates because I seemed to need more when the others were in the dishwasher . A good value for me and was so glad that Amazon carried them .
 These are really pretty dishes . If you would like something that is very neutral , but not super plain , then these would be great . The biggest problem with ordering Corelle through the mail is that many times the dishes are n't sufficiently padded , and you end up with breakage . As anyone knows who has used Corelle , it 's not like breaking a regular stoneware plate . It shatters like glass , and when you open the box , it gets tiny pieces EVERYWHERE . Huge mess , and the pieces are very sharp and will cut you . So be very , very careful . Amazon is really good about getting you a refund or replacement , though , so keep that in mind too .
 Love the table ... easy to put together , works nicely with my modern sofa , feet of table slips under sofa bringing the table top near you . Great for eating dinner , working on computer or just hlding the remote and tv guide.Arrived quickly , 15 minutes to assemble .
 Wonderful little helper ! Now I have a place to put my glass , plate ... etc.Looks stylish and is a very good quality . Also very easy to assemble.Love it .
 Wanted one table , somehow 3 were ordered . After contact with visondecor customer service , return of extra items was approved without cost to me . Very pleased with the table and handling of the error .
 THE TABLE ARRIVED VERY QUICKLY , WAS WELL PACKAGED AND EASY TO ASSEMBLE . IN ADDITION TO BEING VERY ATTRACTIVE WITH MY OTHER CONTEMPORARY FURNISHINGS , IT IS EXTREMELY STURDY - THE GLASS TOP IS ABOUT 1 '' THICK AND THE BASE IS HEAVY AND STRONG . I COULD N'T BELIEVE HOW NICE IS WAS FOR THE MONEY - IT 'S A GREAT BUY !!
 First of all , I ordered this from `` Home and Living , Inc '' , fulfilled by Amazon . It was delivered the next day -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- . So , no problems with shipping that others have reported.I was n't expecting top-quality materials or workmanship , but I got better than what I was expecting for the price . The legs are hollow aluminum tubes , which are not perfectly sanded at the ends , and which do not align perfectly with each other . However , they connected well enough to provide a sturdy base for the glass top . The glass top is thick -LRB- maybe an inch ! -RRB- and very heavy -LRB- which is good -RRB- . It is not attached to the base , but it definitely does not feel like it is about to move or slip off . Assembly was easy enough - less than 15 minutes.Like I said , it is a great value for $ 51 + ! There are some C-tables out there which are being sold for $ 150-300 . They may be more polished , but this one gets the job done and looks nice if you do n't scrutinize the small details .
 I am very happy with it , I dont use stainless steel for cooking often i perfer cast iron and porcelin , but one can not find those in cast iron or porcelin so this is a good alternative!Good Price !
 I was looking for a double boiler that did n't break the bank . This double boiler is very versatile . I use it as a double boiler and as a steamer . The lid will also fit the bottom so that gives me another lidded sauce pan . I use it for my sauces but I also use it for preparing oatmeal and steel cut oats . Oats in this double boiler are incredible and no burned oats on the bottom . It also is an excellent steamer for superb vegetables . clean up is a snap . This is one of the best buys I 've made for my kitchen .
 Just as pretty as the pic , if not more so . I ordered more because they are great in the guest bathroom . The color is yummy , -LRB- buttery -RRB- and the design is quality made . I wish they came in more colors , I would buy more . A great deal for the price . They feel good , like luxury towels . are absorbant , but not really too thick , which works considering the design . Oh , and they do n't have the polyester slick feel , they feel like good cotton , so pretty and functional .
 I purchased these towels because I wanted to finally have a nice towel set that was not from a department store . These are spanish-inspired designs that look gorgeous and really stand out in the bathroom . Be careful to wash them by themselves when you get them , because their colors ran heavily upon the first wash with other garments . Despite this mistake , I found that these towels were beautiful and the butterflies on them have an `` embossed '' look that is very classy . I found that these towels were not absorbent enough for daily use , and certainly not as shower towels . The green color is more pale lime-green than depicted here .
 I bought these , along with the bath towel for guests . They are well made and very attractive , but they do n't have the thick & fluffy feel I expected .
 Got these along with the bath towels of the same design and color , and just as the bath towels were , these were perfect in every way .
 The controversial artistic output of Marcel Duchamp is rather small but clearly had a strong influence on the development of avant-garde art in the 20th century . `` Nude Descending a Staircase No. 2 '' shows a human figure in motion , using a Cubist-inspired technique to depict motion . The anatomical nude is reduced to abstract lines and planes that suggest the series of static positions and create a sense of rhythm and motion . The painting was done in 1912 and represents a brief period when Duchamp would explore the realm of abstract painting before dismissing it as `` retinal art '' which appealed only to the eye and moving on to other art forms that he felt would challenge the mind.The painting is reminiscent of `` Woman Descending Stairs and Turning Around , '' a photographic sequence done in 1887 by Eadweard Muybridge -LRB- also of a nude -RRB- , which was one of several pioneering studies of the human body in motion done during the early years of cinema and photographic studies . Duchamp combines the images into one , providing one view at multiple moments , and gave the Cubist something they had previously lacked , namely a sense of vitality . The irony is that while Duchamp is pushing the Cubists to the next level he is also mocking them . He employs their methodical deconstruction of form and the somber palette of colors , yet he also puts the title of the painting at the bottom like a caption , there to help an audience all too easily confounded by the radical approach of the Cubists , who were offended by the title and knew full well that Duchamp was poking fun at them.The painting caused a furor at New York City 's famous Armory Show in 1913 and remains arguably Duchamp 's most famous art work , although I would argue his infamous `` Fountain , '' the urinal he exhibited in 1917 as an example of a readymade , is the key work in his career inasmuch as it best represents the artist as the father of Postmodernism . The original oil on canvas painting measures 57 x 35 inches -LRB- 146 x 89 cm -RRB- and currently hangs in the Philadelphia Museum of Art . This art poster reduces the painting to a 30 x 24 poster , which makes it about half the original . But `` Nude Descending a Staircase No. 2 '' is arguably one of the most important paintings of the 20th century -LRB- the top ten to be sure and in the top five on my list -RRB- and for anyone teaching that subject , whether in an art course or touching on it in a history course , having this to show students would be quite useful .
 I brought the movie -LRB- Agent cody banks 2 destionation london -RRB- and i went to the kids choice awards after that and he won the big orange blimp . I 'm such a huge fan of his now he just roams aroundNew Jersey looking for things to buy since he 's in show business now . When i saw him -LRB- i was with my mom -RRB- he was roaming around i said hello and he said hello back .
 This is a good size to shake yourself a drink . The top has a rubber lining that seals well so there is n't any leaking . The shape is appealing and the quality appears to be good . You ca n't go wrong .
 This is a great starter slicer that I used at school to cut , roulades , and terrines . . and roasts . Its super sharp and has a nice balance when handled . I think its pretty nice for the money ... A good place to start ...
 This is a great slicer at an even better price . I am some what of a knife snob . Most of my knifes are easily over $ 100 . I received this knife in my kit while I was attending culinary school and I am glad I did . It 's hollow edge so it easily glides through anything your slicing from steak to ham . I have even gone as far as using this for sashimi and it does a great job at that .
 This is one seriously sharp knife and holds its edge very well . We looked at lengthier grantonslicers , but frankly 11 '' is plenty for our needs . It slices clean and is a well balanced knifeto be as long as it is .
 I got this for my parents as a gift to share the news that we were having a baby . She collected snowbabies so this was to perfect addition to her collection . Even if you did n't collect them this is the perfect gift to tell someone you are having a baby .
 The recipient of this figurine was delighted . It was everything I thought it would be . It was packaged well , and came very promptly .
 I bought this for a gift . The person who I bought it for collects them . She liked it very much . I received the item quickly and on time . Plus with free shipping . I got the figurine in perfect condition . No signs of damage any where on it . The size of this item would normally cost you any where from $ 25 to $ 30 dollars in a specialty store . I got it $ 5 - $ 10 dollars cheap and got free shipping when I placed my final order . Ca n't beat that .
 my sister is an avid bear collector and she loved this Snowbaby . It was something different for her collection . I gave it as a Christmas gift .
 I researched wood racks and this one seemed the best quality . The Willygoat people called me on the day they shipped it -- they shipped much faster than I had thought they would . I had it within 5 days , actually.The box was long and heavy . I moved it around to my patio in back -- where I stack my wood -- with a two-wheel hand truck because it was way too heavy to carry.There were only 6 pieces plus the bolts/hardware to put it together . It was very well packed , and they put the bolts in strong plastic packages that would not ever break open , and then sealed the bolts package inside a nice heavy little cardboard box that was handy to put the loose bolts in while I worked . The hex bolts had those nylon locking nuts with them , and the hardest part of the assembly was getting these screwed together . I finally settled on a locking pliers to hold the nuts plus a ratchet wrench to turn the bolts . -LRB- they put in a couple extra nuts too -RRB- Tighten the bolts/nuts , but do NOT over-tighten . There is a center support where the bottom rails join together that is not difficult to bolt on , which joins the two ends of the rack , and makes the entire rack strong enough to bear whatever you would put on it.The finished product seems very sturdy , and I 'm very pleased with it . Be sure you assemble this where you will be using it , it 's way too heavy to be moving it very far unless you have two people to move it.Of course the cover also comes with this product , which will be a nice way to keep the wood dry.Very satisfactory experience from start to finish !
 These are basically fancy versions of the plastic packaging that you get when you buy something like bedding . They may be thicker plastic and they do have the handles . They are reasonably well made , but they will bust if you over stuff them ... but I was suprised how much I could overstuff before they busted ... then you can just use ducktape if you need to repair . I bought a few and they work well for my use . If you stack them they will not slide well since they are plastic . The zipper seems good enough quality ... when mine busted it was n't at the zipper . They are not waterproof since the zipper is connected with cloth but they 'd be great for hauling wet swimsuits , life jackets or snow stuff . It depends on what you 'll use them for but I like them .
 I purchased these bags to store clothes for our move cross-country . They fit an incredible amount of clothes and the best thing is that when we arrived , I was able to immediately tell where they needed to go since the bags are clear vinyl . worth every penny . Thanks !
 This is a great product at a great price and the delivery was prompt every time I have ordered .
 In the many years I 've been knitting dolls , I 've amassed a lot of yarn , in many colors and shades . I was desperate for somewhere to store and see them at the same time.I ordered three sets of these , and I 'm very happy with them . They fit very nicely in the closet on the top shelf in the spare room . Before I had to rummage for the color I needed , I never knew what I had . Now I can see at a glance.These storage chests have a strong smell when you first get them , but when they are opened out in the air they begin to lose the smell , I 've had them a couple of weeks now , they still smell a bit , but it 's not awful , they probably will smell even less the longer I have them.These would be very useful to store clothes -LRB- not in use -RRB- , or sheets and towels you do n't use all the time and want to keep the dust off . You can stack them up and see what 's in them . If you open them often , or stuff them too full , the zips will break.I 'm going to post two pictures of the wool stored in them , and also one with some sheets and towels .
 I love these ! When we travel I give each of my three kids one to put all their clothes in . It is easy to see whose is whose , and they fit a lot inside them without taking up nearly as much space as a suitcase ! And they stack nicely in the back of our van.Also , I have used them for storing clothes in and they are perfect for that as well . I can fit all my old baby clothes inside and it is easy to see what is what.So far I have n't had any problems with the vinyl ripping or splitting and the zippers are holding up great as well .
 Loved these chests ! I especially liked the handles . It makes it so much easier to move them after filling . I also liked the shape . It was easy to put blankets in , since you do it through the top , not the sides , like most of the other vinyl storage bags . It had room for two blankets each , which was great . The shape is also nice because they stacked and fit my shelf perfectly .
 great for storage , perfect size to fir my winter scarf . i love that it comes in a set of two
 The vinyl is very good . I lke the size of them . I also like that they have handles on them .
 Great around the home and apartments if you are have a lot of clothing shoes this is the answer , to you problemi got this for my sister which she is base in Sydney Australia
 We use these chests for kids toys . Blocks of different sizes work well . Thomas the Tank Engine has found a home .
 I like the size and quality of these . I use these for storing my kids toys . Works great because they can see what 's in them , and easily zip them close -LRB- instead of searching for a lid , like with a bin -RRB- . I think I will buy more . They would work great for lots of things .
 I used them for sweaters which we do not used often for the first set I had bought . I liked them and order another set .
 I use these sweater bags when I travel . I roll my clothes up and place them in the bag . I use one bag for tops , one for bottoms , and one for lingerie . When I get to my destination I pull them out of the suitcase and place them in a dresser drawer . Makes it much easier to pack/unpack , particularly if you need to move from hotel to hotel . I like that these are clear on top so I can easily see the contents , and that the zipper goes around three corners , making it easier to pack it .
 They were really good for the old price of $ 9.99 . I was going to order more but with a 50 % increase in price not sure they are worth it . Going to look for some alternatives .
 OK , I know reviews are a lot more helpful from someone who 's used the product a long time , but I rely so heavily on these reviews before I buy something then never go back and leave my own ... so I 'm leaving it now before I forget . I 'll try and remember to come back later and update : -RRB- I read the reviews on the refurbished and the new model and the new model has a lot more reviews , but I bought the refurbished model so I 'm putting my 2 cents here .1 . It 's not that heavy ! I thought it would be a lot worse , but it 's really not . And I know weight is relative , but i definately do n't work out lol and it was n't too bad .2 . The cord is very long , I did most of my apt without switching outlets . But because it does n't retract , it 's easy to trip over . I prefer the length though and will just watch my step .3 . It 's loud , but it 's a vacuum .4 . The handle/hose thing ... I read other reviews about how it 's complicated and though `` wow people are lazy '' ... but i 'm a little lazy too : X it is kind of annoying that you have to turn it off , pull the handle out , attach the hose , attach the piece , and then put it all back . I do n't know if it 's enough to make me return the vacuum , but it is annoying and I see plenty of cheaper vacs out there that you just pull the hose off and use . And the vacuum does n't really `` move with you '' as your using the hose .5 . Suction ... WOW . I vacuumed with my old vac 2 days early and i could not believe how much dirt got sucked up !!!!! unbelievable .6 . Emptying the dirt was easy . I have bad allergies so this concerned me about getting a bagless , but there was no `` puff of dust '' in my face or anything , i put it down into the garbage , hit the button , and it popped right out . Piece of cake.I will say though , I sneezed more while vacuuming ... could be related or not , just an observation i 'll have to monitor .7 . Read the instructions ! I took it out the box , put it together in 2 seconds , and then took another 2 to read the instructions . A lot of reviews i saw it seemed like they just did n't read the book.Anyway , I only used it once , but I just wanted to give my initial opinion . I 'm a little nervous about all the reviews I saw about things breaking , so I ca n't comment on that yet . But the thing is amazing for picking up dirt and pet hair -LRB- I have 2 cats -RRB- and easy to empty and clean . I hope that helps someone .
 Product designed to meet user needs and convinience.Does outstanding job on the carpet and hardwood floors , but ca n't reach under limited hight spaces without taking the house out.Best product i ever have to vacuum hardwood stairs.Looks and works like new .
 Excellent New Quality . Works perfectly . Absolutely good as new at a much better price than available in local stores . Good Buy .
 Like most everyone else , I 've been amazed with the Dyson . Yes , this falls into category of fine brands known only by their name -- the Mercedes , the Rolex ... the Dyson . Mine looked new and was put together in a matter of minutes . I * love * the bare floor cleaning feature . We live in Las Vegas and have lots of tile/stone floors . No longer do we have to live with who knows what sticking to our bare feet ! Vacuuming the bare floors is as easy as doing the rugs . I would have given it five stars but I 've found using the hose a little awkward . I hope this gets better with time . If you 're concerned about the 6 month warranty , American Express will double it to a year if your use their card . All in all though , I would n't trade it for the world . Do n't hesitate to try it .
 I just got this vacuum today and I LOVE IT ! Even hubby - who was considering a windtunnel - was impressed ! I had ran an errand and when I came back he had it out of the box and already vacuumed part of the front room . He could n't wait for me ! LOL We could n't believe all the dirt and sand it sucked up from our carpet ! And it 's so easy to use and empty the dirt out of . And I 'd never guess it had been refurbished , it looks like new . I love it and doubt I 'll ever get a different brand again.If you are considering this vacuum , definitely go for it ! You wo n't regret it !
 Bought it on amazon.com for 268.99 and works just great ! Cleans up very well and I hope it is not just because it is still new . The weight is more than my wife would like to handle , especially taking it up and down the second floor . The extension hose is quite long , and we can easily clean the stairs with it.One thing to watch out for , amazon used to advertise it as coming with 2 year warranty , but when the box arrived , it had an insert saying that the warranty is only for 6 months because it is factory reconditioned ! So Amazon misled me .
 Ever since the Dyson commercials came out , I 've been dying to buy one . When I was deal shopping one day , I came across a deal that I could n't pass up and went for it . Best decision I 've ever made.I 'm a neat freak , self-proclaimed and labeled by others , so a decent vacuum is worth its weight in gold to me . As a 21 year old bachelor living on my own for just a few years , I 've slowly worked my way up in the vacuuming world . Starting with a Eureka , then going on to a Hoover , and then came this beauty.The first thing attracted me to the Dyson was it 's claims of easy upkeep and cleaning power . When I fired it up for the first time , the claims were justified.Cleaning Power
 Pleasantly surprised . Can not tell this refurbished from a brand new one . Best vacuum cleaner I have ever owned including Kirby and Electrolux .
 I received my factory-reconditioned Dyson yesterday . Like many others , mine looked brand-new out of the box -LRB- even after a thorough inspection -RRB- . As opposed to some others , I thought assembly was a breeze . Took me all of 5 minutes . Also , I have no real problem w / where the on/off switch is ... For my first vacuum test , I first thoroughly vacuumed a 16 ' x 16 ' foot room with my old vacuum . It is a 9 year-old Panasonic that was the # 1 rated by CR when we purchased it new . It has recently been serviced by a vacuum shop.The room I choose was one where our * three * large dogs hang out the most . It is also the room that we go in & out of the most to take them outside . So , needless to say , this room would be a good test bed.After finishing with our old Panasonic vacuum , I re-vacuumed the same area w / my new Dyson . I was amazed at the amount of dirt & dog hair that my old vacuum had left behind & that the Dyson picked up effortlessly . When I finished , I dumped the Dyson 's canister into a large zip-lock bag -LRB- I really like the trigger release -RRB- to show my wife what out old vacuum had been leaving behind when she got home . When she saw it , she was pleased with my purchase ... ; o -RRB- The only thing slightly negative I can say about the Dyson is that it is not as quiet as some of the other reviews here led me to believe . It is n't overly loud , mind you - just not any quieter than our old vacuum .
 Got it yesterday . I tested it on a carpet that was cleaned 4 just days back with a dirt devil . HOLY SMOKES this is thing is a ROCKET . Very silent -LRB- compared to others -RRB- excellent suction power -LRB- which stays the same throughout -RRB- and gets the job done , done well ! . I am a guy who looks for engineering perfection -LRB- you know things should be done right or not done at all -RRB- and dyson is one such thing . Every thing in this is done right . Every thing in the vacuum cleaner is built with sense and built to last . The critical parts pop out with a click of a switch for cleaning . Some thing I never found in others . The Cleaning power is amazing it picks up the finest dust that other vacs just leave behind . The hose handle in the up right locked position can be used as vaccum ` Tap ' . Just put it in that position and clean small delicate things . Some thing like washing apples under runing water using both your hands . This is a really cool feature to use while cleaning small delicate art/decoration stuffGoods : + Solid built . Parts come out easily for cleaning + No loss of suction . + Powerful suction . + Very quiet . + Self adjusting carpet setting . + Neat dirt removal mechanism . Just a flick of a switch and its done + Things that I do n't like + Heavy compared to others + Big Compared to others + Expensive + Not Good for stairs , the hose self retracting sustem is a little annoying.Trust me this vac will blow your socks off ... :o-RRB- By the way the refurbished that came in looks like new and runs like new . Good buy for the money considering amazon gave me 30 dollars off with the amazon credit card.UpdateI have used this for months now . . it still does an excellent job ... Update
 I bought this refurbished one with a lot of scepticism but I am really happy with my decision ... The vacuum is really good ... It brought out dirt from my carpet that I didnt know existed in there . . The packaging was intact and looked new . It had a `` REFURBISHED '' sticker on the box though . But I think its worth every penny .
 My reconditioned vacuum came in excellent condition . I have 2 Border Collies , a black Lab and 3 cats - as well as a husband who does n't wipe his feet very well before he comes in the house - so I have alot of dust and pet hair.The Dyson arrived quickly - was easy to assemble - all the parts fit well - and cleaned the whole house `` barefoot '' clean . It rolls very easily , transitions well between carpet and hardwood -LRB- you do have to manually turn off the beater , but I do n't think that is a problem -RRB- . My other vacuums -LRB- a Hoover and an Oreck -RRB- would blow around the pet hair instead of picking it up but the suction on the Dyson was strong enough not to have that problem .
 received the reconditioned dyson one week after ordering it.IT WAS DOA -LRB- DEAD ON ARRIVAL -RRB- . Called Dyson the next day , made arrangement with nearest authorized Dyson dealer to fixthe vac . Took two weeks for Dyson to ship a replacement motorto the repair store . After 3 weeks of ordering the vac , finallygot a working vac . The vac is great , agree with all the otherreviews for the vac . Besides the hassle i encountered withmy experience with a reconditioned dyson , i would recommendthe dyson to replace any old vac that still require a filter bag .
 WOW !!! is the only description we have to say about our `` NEW-Refurb 'd '' DYSON DC07 . I could n't wait to get it out of the box and use it on my just cleaned carpets -LRB- as I had just finished vacuuming with my `` OLD '' vacuum -RRB- . We have 2 Springer Spaniels , 1 Japanese Chin and 3 cats , and we both have asthma so I like to keep the place as hair free as possible and am constantly cleaning the carpets and furniture . THIS FUNNY LOOKING YELLOW THING WORKS FANTASTIC ! I did n't want to believe that all that dirt and hair was from my just cleaned carpets . My husband dropped his jaw in disbelief also . Room by Room my husband followed me and complimented on the quietness of the vacuum and just how well the whole house was smelling . And yes , we too took a shade of color off the carpets , it got them so clean . Our new household-friend was just as pretty and clean as a new one would look coming out of a box.Just try to take my DYSON away from me ... go ahead and try ... P.S. the `` old '' vacuum got retired to the garage ; - -RRB-
 I bought this vacuum only a couple of weeks ago , but it seems to be working great . It has excellent suction , it picks up some serious dirt , and I love the fact that you never have to replace the filters , they are good for the life of the machine . I would recommend getting the refurbished vacuum , the only problem that I had was that the wand was a little bent when I got it . I called the company and I was on the phone with a live person almost instantly and they quickly had another one sent to me . Within a week I had a new wand and I did n't even have to send the old one back . Other than that , the vacuum was in perfect condition .
 I 've seen all kinds of reviews for the Dyson on this site - my own experience was fantastic . I went over my carpets and it removed so much dirt It was shocking . The attachements allowed me to dust things as effectively as using a rag , and much more easily . The design is so clever , and it is so easy to use and manuver , it 's really the best vacuum I 've ever used . I know not everyone may have the same experience , but I 'm very happy with it , and it certainly beats the dirt devil I bought a year ago that broke after 3 uses .
 I had heard good things about Dyson but I was unsure about buying one . The price on Amazon made it more appealing to me . My home has 4 cats , one with long hair , and one dog that sheds black hair constantly . We do n't have grass yet so yard dirt gets tracked into the house also . To add to this , we have both hardwood floors and carpeting.The Dyson DC07 has great suction and really picks up the pet fur , dirt , food , etc. . It does the best on carpeting and rugs and fairly well on the hardwood and tile . My only complaint is that the front of the vacuum is so thick it will not go under the cupboards where they jut out , an area about 4 inches deep.The Dyson is easy to use and the canister empties with a trigger over the garbage can . It is the best vacuum I have tried and I am will to try a new generation of Dysons when this one is worn out .
 I 'm sure that most vacuum cleaners could deal with the average dry walled , carpeted , centrally air conditioned , suburban dwelling . But it is not just any machine that is capable of handling an enormous , dusty , crumbling , multi-animal , flea bitten , hard wood floor and brick warehouse apartment . I did not do a `` pre-cleaning '' to test its capabilities as a fine tooth comb . I bought it tackle true filth , and I wanted to see if it could clean up a dirty mess -LRB- and , um , since I completely gave up doing anything to my floors for the two weeks before it arrived , things were pretty gosh darn dirty ` round here -RRB- . I got my dyson out of the box and , after admiring the extremely intelligent design -LRB- not a wasted part or awkward feature to be found -RRB- , went to work.What a joy of a house hold appliance ! The common complaint about the self retracting hose is something that I do n't quite agree with . Compared to the stiff , unwieldy hoses of cheaper cleaners this one is very limber and easy to use . The force of the suction sometimes makes it a little difficult to elongate , but I am definitely not going to complain about a vacuum having a ton of suction power . Especially when I think of my upholstered furniture , now all free of cat hair.I love how long the steel attachment shaft is ; apparently the enormous brains at dyson realize that fellow homo sapiens with an upright posture are going to use this thing regularly , and that crawling around on your hands and knees to clean baseboards and corners is uncomfortable , unnatural , and undignified . In the hand it feels like a magic wand.The rubber tires glide over my wood floors without any danger of scratch marks . The placement of the handle makes it positively fun to maneuver . The canister comes off the machine and empties into the trash so very easily.Bottom line
 This thing is GREAT !!!!!!!! I highly recommend anyone who needs a vacuum to get on of these .
 This vacuum is AMAZING . It works perfectly - I have 2 golden retrievers who love the dirt and shed like crazy , the dyson is fantastic . It works just like new -- not a thing wrong with it . I dumped 5 containers of hair and dirt out of my living room alone ! And it did n't look that dirty to start ! This is a great deal -LRB- I almost bought this at lowe 's for $ 400 -RRB- and an awesome vac . it made my day !
 The performance of this vacuum is simply awesome ! Getting the refurbed one has been no problem at all . It looks and performs just as great as the one my sister purchased brand new -LRB- for a LOT more money -RRB- . Sorry Sis , ya should have shopped Amazon .
 I have never been that excited about a vacuum before . After looking at the yellow Dyson for several months I stumbled across the factory reconditioned offer and ordered immediately . It works great and has awesome suction . The one thing that bothers me is that the vacuum does n't stay where it is when you use the hose
 I was very apprehensive of buying a reconditioned vacuum . I figured it would arrive all scratched up and nasty . Well , mine looks brand new . Not a scratch to be found . Cannister was squeeky clean , filter had zero dirt.I would be thrilled with this vacuum even if it were scratched and dinged . We vacuumed the livingroom floor as soon as it arrived and could not believe how much stuff it pulled out of the rug . We have 14 month old twins crawling around so my wife vacuums everyday with the old oreck . I have never been happy with the oreck and I could justify my displeasure after the first time we vacuumed with this Dyson . $ 250 may seem like a lot of money for a reconditioned vacuum . All I can say is
 WOOHOO . All I can say is YES ! I love this machine . I have been using it now for two months , -LRB- maybe three . -RRB- I love it . The day I got it in the mail I assembled it without instructions . It was that easy . Just click it all together.I have taken the beater brush out , `` de-haired '' it , and when I attempted to return it to the base of the machine , I could n't get it in just right . I was VERY worried that the problem was the machine ! I called the number on the machine and a super nice lady -LRB- not sour , not bored , not rude -RRB- knew EXACTLY what the problem was . She walked me through step by step to fix the problem . -LRB- The problem was I had put it in wrong . -RRB- I did n't wait on hold for more than two minutes at the MOST . Excellent customer service !! My husband accidentally ran over a pen once , and he took apart all the hoses to find it . It was SO simple . He had it disassembled and reassembled in less than ten minutes.It makes my three year carpet look like new ! It sucks up EVERYTHING . I want to use it everyday because it is so light , and runs so smoothly , practically drives itself , even though it is not self propelled . My mother has carpal tunnel , and her hands are weak as a result , but even she found this easy to maneuver and to do the whole floor.I love the bagless canister . No filters , no bags . No more money is eaten by my machine ! The canister really encourages you to vacuum , because it is rewarding to see that it is picking up dirt . You ca n't believe the amount of dirt in your carpet . The first few times you vacuum you might be grossed out to see what your other vacuum was missing !! Ahh vacuuming bliss ! I am so grateful to my wonderful husband for buying me this great tool!Mrs . Meg Logan
 I ca n't say enough about this vacuum . I had it put together within 5 minutes of receiving the box , and I would n't have known it was reconditioned by looking at it ! I 've just spent 2 weeks doing `` fall '' cleaning of my house , and the Dyson has been used HARD . It has come through with flying colors !!!
 I received my reconditioned dyson on Thursday . It looks brand new . Not a scratch to be seen and clean as a whistle . It took 10 minutes to put together and that is only because I looked at the book for 5 minutes first . I had vacuumed the day before with my 8 year old Oreck so I did n't expect much . My carpet looked clean after all . Here comes the reason I named my review GROSS . The dust and pet hair that I picked up in the first room alone was incredible and GROSS . I vacuumed the whole house that day and could n't believe how much weight in dust and hair I took out of my `` clean '' carpets . Now it is Saturday and I decided to vacuum again . Still did n't look dirty but hey ... I am an obsessive cleaner . GROSS again . I took up even more dust and hair . I plan on vacuuming for the next three days in a row . I think it will take that many times to get all the dirt that is buried deep in my carpets from the last 14 years . Would I recommend the reconditioned dyson . Duhhh ! In a heart beat !!! Why spend $ 178 more , counting tax . I love seeing the dirt and dust I am picking up with this mean machine . It is an obsessive cleaners dream . The only down side to this vacuum is the design of the attachment hose . It is a little awkward to put together . But I can live with it.UPDATE
 I was initially hesitant to buy a Dyson because of the price , but after my sister purchased one at a large department store and raved about it I decide to try the refurbished model about a year ago . First of all I HATE to vacuum , it rates right up there with bamboo shoots under the fingernails but I honestly do n't mind it with this vacuum . It 's quite a bit heavier than the Eureka it replaced , yet it is so much easier to push and maneuver and I love that all the pieces can be broken apart and snapped back together by hand , no tools needed if something clogs . I had vacuumed with the old Eureka two days before the Dyson arrived and re-vacuumed the same area when it arrived and was stunned to get a half canister of dirt and dog hair . The canister is very clean and easy to dump and I love not dealing with bags anymore .
 I do n't usually buy reconditioned stuff , but considering the price when new - versus - the ` reconditioned ' price - I decided to take a chance . WOW ! This is worth it!I heard about this from http://www.dealtaker.com and they were right about the great deal this is!Everything came lookin brand new - no dents , holes , scratches , anything - if the box did n't say ` recondtioned ' on it - I never would have known.My wife vacuumed on Thursday and our floors were as clean as always . We got this on Friday and I put it togther in about 5 minutes and re-vacuumed the floors - WOW all of the dirt and hair it picked up was amazing !! My wife exercises on the floor and she was disgusted by how much dirt and debris was left behind!This is an EXCELLENT product and worth takeing a chance on a refurbished item ! Jump on this deal if you have been riding the fence - you will not be disappointed !
 This is the best vacuum that I 've ever owned , and I 've owned 8 different brands . The factory-reconditioned Dyson looked like a new vacuum out of the box.However , after using it 5 times I noticed a different sound from the motor area and saw that the brush was no longer rotating . Dyson pays for the return but it goes back to Buffalo , which is 1700 miles from where I live . They do not have locally authorized service repair shops , something to consider if you do n't have a second vacuum and ca n't go a few weeks without one . I would have given this vacuum 5 stars had it not broken down.FIVE YEAR UPDATE May 25 , 2009
 I recieved this about a week now , ca n't stop talking about it to all my friends , family , relatives , & co-work about it . Best out on the market . Pick up so much dirt , & leaves carpet close to new . Completely convince if you go really slow , you will pick almost all particle stuck in your carpet . Tested old vacuum , could not believe what was still left behind . Again , refurbish , just as good as new . Had a few crack on main unit , called them & they are shipping a new one & should arrive in 5 days , best customer service I know of . Ca n't rave about this product & customer service , & Amazon.com enough . It sounds like both Dyson & Amazon are paying me but nothing , just both great professional places . Ca n't help but just reiterating what others are saying about Dyson . Process of moving so ca n't imagine how much dust & dirt accumulate in carpet over time . IF you have carpet , most definately must have this vacuum , but if you have mostly wood floor , maybe a pricey luxury to have but can do without . Man o Man will this Yellow Monster clean your carpet !!!
 My wife and I chose to invest in this because of our 2 Greyhounds and 3 cats who constantly fill our house with hair . We also just had a baby and do n't want him breathing that.I can do the entire stair case with the retractable hose . It 's actually like a big Slinky wrapped in plastic so it stretches . It works wonders downstairs on our wood floor . I had previously been using the shopvac , but no more.The Dyson has a nice weight and when vacuuming the carpet it just has a quality feel to it.Our previous vacuum was the Hoover windtunnel which was okay for the first 2 years we had it and then began to smell funny and not work as well . I 'm sold on the idea of bagless vacs and with the Dyson one does n't even have to touch the dirt . You press a button and the bottom of the can swings open to empty the refuse.It really is a marvel of engineering and I ca n't believe they sell it for the price they do . -LRB- Although I certainly would n't be willing to pay more , it would be justifiable if they charged more ! -RRB- Get one refurbished and save a bundle !
 I started looking for a new vacuum when my Dirt Devil was leaving visible dust/lint/dirt on the TOP of the carpet - even after changing supplies . I had seen the commercials from the inventor but was not about to pay $ 399 . Then I used Froogle.com and found Amazon 's refurbished unit and good reviews - so I decided to try it . I placed the order - using $ 25 off Amazon was offering . I then searched the Internet for more reviews and saw some really negative ones - so I went back to Amazon less than 10 minutes after placing the order to cancel it - too late . After reading even more reviews - either really really good - or really really bad -LRB- there does not seem to be any middle ground -RRB- - I really was not sure if I was going to get the best vacuum on the planet - or garbage that would fall apart any minute.I am happy to say I am not disappointed . I half expected to get a cracked unit out of the box - but I could not tell it was refurbished . I also worried that if there were enough refurbished units available - why were they all being returned ? But the unit looks and works great.I knew my Dirt Devil was not going a very good job - but I was still surprised how much gunk Dyson got out of my carpet . The carpets look near new now - with no visible sign of ANYTHING remaining on the carpet . I never wear shoes at home - the carpet now feels so wonderful . It also worked well on my hard wood floors - without blowing anything back out -LRB- I hated this about my dirt devil -RRB- . Here are my observations : The unit does tend to tilt backwards too easily - and I am not using the hose . I attached a Velcro cable wrap to the front of the unit and hold the cord here - somewhat balancing the unit better . It also allows me to use only the cord I need - and to use the hose without having to unfurl the entire cord.The electrical cord is plenty long - very nice.The hose does seem flimsy - like that on one of the old style bonnet hair dryers - and I have heard reports that it can tear with use . Time will tell.I would really have liked a 2-year warranty - but did not want to pay full price.The instructions can be a little more detailed - with larger and better-annotated illustrations.It is not very noisy at all.Easy to push and pull . I had a self-propelled years ago - perhaps Dyson will consider this in the future.The front of the unit is tall - so getting under furniture may be a problem for some.It tends to suck up small area rugs - the suction is so powerful.Appears well engineered and has several self-protection features . Nice.Conclusion : I have not owned that many vacuum cleaners in my life - but this is the best I have owned . I look forward to no costly consumables and years of clean carpets . If you do n't mind taking somewhat of a risk - purchase refurbished . Or at least use any coupon you can get your hands on to bring the price down . Interesting note
 We received our refurbished Dyson yesterday afternoon and I spent the rest of the day sweeping ! I was a little nervous after reading the reviews that it would arrive broken , but it was in great shape . There is a tiny dent in the hose but not noticible . There is also a tiny crack in the front near the floor but no biggie . The biggest thing I did notice was that other than the vacuum and a letter from Dyson confirming that it was a refurb ... there was nothing in the box . No instructions , warrantee info , etc. . It took us a few minutes to assemble the parts without instructions , but we figured it out and it works great ! I agree with the other reviews that it is much heavier than a starndard vac and the pole for attachments is a little ackward to use . It is hard to switch quickly from floors to attachments . I have to say that this is hands down the best vacuum I 've ever used . I vacuumed with my old vacuum on Saturday and when the Dyson came on Monday , I was shocked at the amount of dirt and cat hair that came off what I thought was a relatively clean carpet . We have 5 cats and the hair gets on everything . This is the first vacuum I 've used that not only got off the cat hair I could see , but also the cat hair way down in the fabric that I didnt know was there ! I highly recommend this vacuum to anyone . It is well worth the cost !
 I was a little nervous buying a reconditioned machine , but it 's been a couple of months now and I 'm very pleased . There 's not a thing wrong with my Dyson.The operation is so simple . Everything clips on an off for easy use . The container dumps quickly and cleanly . The super strong suction takes some getting used to when using the hose . Think of it as a bonus workout feature . ; - -RRB-
 My wife saw this unit and had to have it . I searched the entire internet till I found factory reconditioned units on Amazon.com . I must say we where a bit leary about purchasing a reconditioned unit at first . We decided for the price it was the best deal around so we took a chance . This unit is amazing . My wife vacuumed for 4 hours straight . It came out of the box looking brand new . All manuals included . It 's quiet , and the suction is amazing from start to finish . We live in the desert and fine silica dust is an extreme hazard here . We pulled 3 full bins of dirt from our high traffic living room . We highly recommend getting this unit -LRB- factory reconditioned or not -RRB- . You 'll be amazed at what you are missing with your other vacuum !!!
 We are VERY pleased with this vacuum . It found some cat hair and we have n't had a cat in 5 years ! It was in good shape when it came in the box . Some of the dyson lettering was wearing off . The cannister looked as if it had been used , but the rest of it , the hose , tools , etc were brand new . My first thought was , `` Would it kill them to clean the cannister a bit ? '' But other than that , we are loving the vacuum . I ca n't believe how much dirt my old hoover missed !
 Got this for my wife and she loves it . The condition of the vaccum was like new right out of the box . She has used it just about everyday . This thing is incedible , it truely is amazing how much dirt it picks up ! If you do n't have one , do n't wait a minute longer !
 This vacuum is so amazing that you will find yourself vacuuming for fun and relaxation . The disclaimer
 This is a great product ! After seeing a friend 's , I knew I had to have one . We have 2 indoor cats and they track dander and litter onto our burber carpet . It 's hard for a regular vac to get it out . The dyson got it all and then some ! It is hard to attach the attachments , but it 's worth the time .
 Just got my vacuum yesterday and it is great ! I vacuumed the whole house and the amount of dirt it picked up -LRB- that my old vacuum had missed -RRB- was amazing - and a bit gross ! The vacuum appears to be brand new - i know other reviewers have mentioned problems w / the refurbished - but in my case , if you had n't told me it was refurbished , i never would have known . We have a cat , and this thing is great at picking up his fur . It is a bit heavy , but i really do n't find that much of an issue - but if lifting 20-25 lbs is an issue , this may not be the vacuum for you . Other than that , its a great machine .
 This vacuum was expensive , but completely worth it . I LOVE this machine . Its suction is much more powerful than my previous panasonic . It 's easy to use -- even cleaning the filter is simple . I selected this machine because I figured that over time the lifetime filter would save me money and be convenient . I have not been disappointed.My one -LRB- very small -RRB- complaint has to do with the extension handle / hose . It takes a few steps to attach the hose the correct way to use . This really is me just being lazy ... more than a real problem.The one actual problem I had with this product was that the carpet roller sometimes catches . I called the help line and the representative told me how to fix this -LRB- lay the vacuum down and switch the handle back and forth several times -RRB- . I fix it when it happens on occasion and I continue on.No real complaints . This is a great product .
 I recently purchased the reconditioned Dyson DC07 and I am amazed by how much dirt it picks up ! I was some what concerned since it was reconditioned but the vacuum arrived in excellent condition , the only difference I could find between the reconditioned and retail version is that it comes with a 6 month warranty instead of a 2 year warranty . I believe if you get a good product the warranty is useless anyway . Why pay $ 350 + at the local retail store when you can get it for much less . I have purchased cheaper vacuums in the past for around $ 100 & considered spending $ 150 before buying the Dyson , I believe it is worth every penny ! A + + + Product ...
 This vacuum is awesome . The first time we used it to clean the carpet in our two-story apartment , we had to empty the container five or six times because it picked up so much cat fur and dirt . The suction power is amazing . The attachments are also easy to use and work well . It 's well worth the price , and it seemed brand-new , despite being reconditioned .
 Ok . I bought this as a factory re-conditioned model from amazon about three years ago . The vacuum on the whole Is great , is easy to empty , easy to clean/wash the motor pre-filter , the hepa motor post filter does n't require maintenance . When bought initially , sucks well . * HOWEVER * the canister . despite being bagless , does clog ... And the manual comes with no instructions on how to clean it thouroughtly . This had resulted -LRB- after three years of use mind you -RRB- in considerably reduced suction . However , if you are willing to either 1 . take it apart and use water to wash out all the clogs of the cannister , 2 . take it to a vacuum repair shop that will probably do the exact same thing . Then it should have it 's originaly suction -LRB- did for me -RRB- and will probably be fine -LRB- with regards to the cannister for another 2-3 years -RRB- ... I would guess you might want to do it yearly or more frequently depending on how much you use the vacuum , -LRB- my wife vacuums our small apt weekly -RRB- . Also my canister body has developed 1 -2 small hairline cracks where it joins the lid that could potentially leak air , but do n't seem to , and if they did , would be easy to patch .
 This is a great vacuum and the price was a great deal . I 'm glad I got one this way instead of paying retail ! I 'll never use another kind of vacuum after this one .
 I had been debating buying a Dyson for several months . I had heard rave reviews , but could n't justify spending $ 400 - $ 500 for a vacuum . Then I found these reconditioned ones and finally decided to take the plunge.The vacuum looked great out of the box . The wand however was just slightly out of round and would n't fit in the hose as it was suppose to . I called Dyson 's help line and no problem , they took my name and address and sent a new wand out-no charge.It works GREAT ! I 'll just keep my fingers crossed that it lasts as well as it works .
 We were skeptical about buying a reconditioned Dyson , but could n't see spending $ 400 - $ 500 for a vacuum . This turned out to be the right option . Despite some delay in shipping , the product arrived in great shape and is truly awesome . Even after having our carpets steam clean this machine still filled with debris after the first vacuuming ... and our carpets were clean to start with . No complaints
 I recently purchased a Dyson DC07 -LRB- refurbished -RRB- and I was more than impressed by the thorough pick-up of lint , dirt and dust around my house . Great Job ! The only concern I have would be the weight of the vacuum . Not so easy to move around . Overall , I would recommend a Dyson.JAG / Whittier , Ca .
 I read the online reviews and was concerned , however , this machine is amazing . The stuff that came off the floors and carpets just kept coming and coming . It is fairly easy to dump the dirt holder . The hose is a bit funky but functional . The machine is a little heavy but overall an excellent product .
 dyson vacuum suction power is unbelivable abd it even sucks dirt from the carpet cleaned by normal vacuum cleaner . only problem is not convenient to work on stairs . kamal
 The refurbished vacuum looks new and works great - but I too was under the impression from the description on Amazon that it carried a two-year warranty when I purchased it . After I opened the vacuum , used it and read the material that came with it , I discovered it only had a six-month warranty . Quite disappointing , especially since I opened it and used it , and therefore ca n't return it . Hopefully the Dyson will continue to be a quality product and I wo n't need to use the warranty . I am disappointed in Amazon , though , for not being accurate in their descriptions . When making an expensive investment in something like the Dyson , it would be nice to know what you are getting .
 Factory reconditioned is the way to go ... We saved close to $ 200 going this route ! And you would never know it was reconditioned . We have had this for 2 years and it is still going strong , wear and tear is not even an issue ... I would never own any other vacuum than a Dyson again !!
 Why would you ever buy another vacuum ? Seriously , this Dyson picks up EVERYTHING . I love it . Occassionally , I do have to trim my hair from the beater-bar . Sometimes , the button refuses to release the dirt from the cannister , but I have learned to push up on the bottom of the cannister as I pull the release and it works . If this problem was fixed , it would be perfect . Why would you buy several vacuums your life when you could have just one that does a great job forever ?
 this vacuum is truly an animal . i got it , switched it on , vacuumed our 3 rooms and took the fur equivalent of our small cat out of the canister ... and this after first vacuuming with the old miele i had nearly every day ! i could not believe my eyes what came off my floors with this dyson ! it is an unbelievably effective machine . no other vacuum i ever owned was this thorough . it 's also fairly light and not too loud . i love it .
 I 'd been using my Hoover for years , which I thought did an adequate job . My carpets always appeared clean . Then , sadly , one day my Hoover died . I was hesitant about buying a reconditioned Dyson since it restricts the warranty . However the unit arrived in pristine condition . The only difference between the unit I received and a brand-new one , from what I could tell , was tape holding one of the accessories to the main body for shipping purposes . All the manuals , parts , etc were spotless and nothing was missing from the package . It was easy to assemble , although it did take me about 20 minutes to get all of the parts together.MAN , did the first trial run open my eyes . I went over my 760 square feet of carpet and the couch cushions . The trapped dirt -LRB- deep within the couch cushions and low-pile carpet -RRB- literally filled the dirt canister on the first pass . This thing sucked dust out of cushions that I 'm sure has been there for ages . My allergy reactions have been reduced dramatically , and after regular use -LRB- 2-3 times a week for the last 7 months -RRB- the suction has n't suffered at all . I 'm extremely pleased with this vacuum and would give it 10 stars if I could !
 This is the third Dyson vacuum purchase from Amazon in 4 years . The experience always ends up perfect even though on two occasions the shipment was missing accessories and recently a critical component was thought missing but turned out to be in the packing at the bottom of the box . Amazon customer service is simply the best I have experienced . Once my missing parts or questions were addressed the Dyson vacuums have all turned out to be much better performance wise than other brands I have owned over the past 30 years . The Dyson wand takes some getting use to but performs well . This was overall a great purchase and these machines hold up well . Amazon shipping and customer service is superior .
 I read a lot of reviews for the reconditioned Dyson and wondered if I would like the quality of the product . It arrived in perfectly new , clean , condition and it works incredibly well . It pulled so much stuff out of my carpet and my area rugs . I think this yellow model is as good as their purple , more expensive , pet model . -LRB- Sadly , I lost the purple one in a break up ! -RRB- The cord is nice and long , and the chamber the catches the dirt is good-sized . I 'm glad not to buy vacuum bags . It does n't have a light on the front , and it is not self-propelled , so it takes a little muscle to use it . Using the attachments is sort of awkward , just like the purple model I used to own . I have a Hoover Wind Tunnel that has better attachments that are easier to use . If you are looking for a terrific vacuum to just vacuum your carpets , wood floors and area rugs , this is it . You will be amazed at the quantity of crud that comes up off your floors , even after repeated uses . Save the special attachment use for those deep cleaning days , and use the Dyson for your regular needs.It was $ 189 with free shipping when I ordered , and I consider it a very good quality product for that price .
 My re-conditioned Dyson came today . I was a bit weary , because I am the person who always has something go wrong with things like this . Well , it looks brand new , except for a few scratches on the petal part that goes in the hose . I have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of this vacuum . I just bought a new house and my carpet is brand new . The vacuum I have been using for the past 6 months was not doing the job and my new carpet was already looking dated . Well , the Dyson makes my carpet look brand new again . I love it ! I could not belive how much dust came out of 6 month old carpet . I ca n't stop vacuuming now . I could n't be happier . Now , my friends and family want me to come over and test it out in their floors . I am sure I will have a few more people join the Dyson bandwagon.I did not give it all 5 stars because the attachments , though they do work , are a bit akward and some of the button are in odd places . This is a small price to pay for such a great working vacuuming.This is a great investment , especially if you appreciate a clean house and want your carpets to last !
 This vacuum cleaner sucks ... REALLY WELL !!!! I can not believe what came out of my carpets ! I vacuumed with my old vac first , and then with the DYSON , and frankly I was shocked by the results . I knew I needed a new vacuum , but now I know why!My only beef ? The head is too bulky to go under dressers and beds . You will definitely have to move furniture to get underneath them .
 My wife and I just got our `` Factory Reconditioned '' Dyson vaccuum today and so far we love it ! Decided to vaccuum the entire house again and we could not believe the dirt and dust our old Hoover missed . We did not find much wrong with the refurb , other than a dent on the aluminum extension which you do not see anyway . Unit is very quiet and no longer freaks out the animals . No bags and no odor when vaccuuming . Highly recommended !
 Disclaimer *** the only connection I have with Dyson is that I bought their vacuum *** I bought the Dyson reconditioned from Amazon last week and I am really happy with it . The suction is amazing - I have old apartment carpeting that was practically flat and it brought up the nap quite a bit . The only complaints -LRB- minor -RRB- that I have are that it heats up a room very quickly -LRB- it 's 100 degrees here in CA -RRB- ; and the attachment wand is awkward to use.Other than that , it 's a million times better than my Sharp Twin Energy which it replaced , or the Dirt Devil 12 amp I had . Especially with two cats with lots of hair.I 'd definitely recommend it .
 This is by far the heaviest vacuum I 've ever owned , but it 's also the easiest to push ! How 's this possible ? My engineer husband says it 's because the wheels are larger than other vacuums . Whatever the reason , it 's very maneuverable and almost effortless to push . I 've owned Hoovers and Eurekas before ... but this Dyson trumps them both . Not only is it easier to push , but the suction is phenomenal . I 'm not exaggerating when I say that my carpet was a shade lighter in color after using this vacuum for the first time.I have a dog that sheds ... no moults is the better word ... three or four times a year . I also have a cat . Their fur would ALWAYS clog my old vacuums , but the Dyson handles the fur balls with ease . After vacuuming , I find NO trace of fur of any kind , even if I purposely pick at the carpet -LRB- hey , what can I say , I was curious -RRB- . The best part is that when I empty the collection vessel , I do n't get a big puff of fur and dust in my face as the debris is emptied into the trash bag AND no dust on my hands . It 's just like a camera ... just point and shoot!I 'll level with you ... this is a very expensive vacuum . However , I 'm very happy with my purchase , and could n't be more pleased . I have a toddler with a rare immune dysfunction , and I 'd say that keeping my carpets virtually dust-free is well worth the cost .
 Some may think it 's expensive . But think long term ... This vacuum cleaner will last , there are no extra costs for filters , etc. . It 's beautiful and it wo n't land on your toes when you try to vacuum the couch . I hated vacuuming but after walking on dust free floors and using this ingeniously designed and well-built machine , I 've become a converted clean freak . There is a fun and easy solution to clean floors .
 Recently took out my carpet in new home and replaced with hardwood . Got so much dust from the construction and this yellow beast suck it all up . Love seeing the dust accumulate in the cannister . A great investment for my new hardwood floor . Others rave about how good it is for the carpet , its wonderful for my hardwood .
 I have owned every vacuum under the sun and by far this Dyson blows them all away . This thing sucks ... like a champ . I have never had a clog yet and I even got more garbage out of the carpeting after the carpet cleaners came and the carpeting was dry . I vacuumed just to see how well the cleaners did and I was shocked at how much was still picked up out of the carpets . I love my vacuum and I defy anyone who tries to come between me and my vacuum .
 This vacuum has excellent suction . The only thing holding back 5 stars is that it is somewhat difficult to use the attachment hose . It is difficult to pull out and the unit tips easily when using the hose . If Dyson were to re-design this feature , they would undoubtedly be the # 1 vacuum producer worldwide .
 The vacuum is just like new ! I love it and it works great . There was a scare in the beginning when it was making a funny noise , but we were able to use the troubleshooting guide that came in the owners manual to resolve .
 After my sister purchased a Dyson and could not stop talking about what a great tool it was , with many pets and two kids we decided to upgrade and replace our aging vacuum . After reading the reviews we were worried about purchasing the `` Factory-Reconditioned '' model , but decided the savings and option of returning the unit if we were unhappy were worth the risks . We took the money we saved on the unit and purchased the very helpful Low-Reach Floor-Tool Attachment , that really helps on wood and tile floors.The unit arrived quickly and well packed . After I opened it up , I had a difficult time telling if the unit had ever been used . There were one or two small marks on the cover but that was all I could find . After using the vacuum one time , it was amazing how much it picked up , I realized that if it had ever been used before they did an amazing job of cleaning it up.We have been using it for three months and are hooked now , it works even better than described and the unit was as good as new . Vacuumng is fun with this model ! We saved on the purchase price , and got a basically new vacuum . We could not be happier about this purchase . I would hihgly recommend the Factory-Reconditioned units to anyone considering a Dyson .
 I do n't think I need to brag this up anymore than everyone else . The first time you vaccumn with this sweet thing , you 'll vaccumn every day for the next week . After the honeymoon , you 'll settle down with it and find it is durable , superb filter cleaning , and all of its parts are assembled with the idea of them being able to be dissassembled . I like it , every time I see a vaccumn I feel the need to bring up the subject of mine , you wo n't regret it , it 's a purchse you should be confident in making .
 This vacuum cleaner is more than a mere vacuum cleaner ; it is quite literally a piece of modern engineering and art . While not a conventional vacuum , it works better than any conventional vacuum by using the power of cyclones -LRB- think Dorothy being picked up in the tornado in the Wizard of Oz -RRB- . All sounds very far-fetched until you use the thing . For a more detailed explanation of how it works -LRB- which I find interesting -RRB- do a web search for the inventor , James Dyson . For a more practical experience , throw sundry pieces of dirt on the floor -LRB- I tried cat litter , salt , shredded paper , dirt , and pet hair , all of which I mixed together in a nice little pile -RRB- . Watch the clear plastic container fill up with whirling debris -LRB- from the cyclonic action -RRB- and then dispense with the whole unruly mess without getting your hands dirty.Quite a remarkable little machine .
 I come from a long line of vacuumers and know a good one when I see and use one . We finally had to give my Hoover a curbside service . But my reconditioned Dyson came looking every bit as though it had just came out of the factory . Had to look at the instructions a lot . It is solid , has more than plenty of suction , a nice long cord , and plenty of attachments and optional attachments . It vacuumed up enough cat hair left over to make a new cat . I 'm not one to recommend a product , but this one is worth recommending .
 Great vacuum . It worked as new even though I got the refurbished version.The other Central Florida person that got the refurb , returned it , got new gives up too easily . I got mine for $ 225 . Even at $ 250 + it is a great deal ! It is amazing all the dust you pickup with this thing.No complaints whatsoever .
 I have purchased other reconditioned products at Amazon.com and have been very happy each of them , but this Dyson reconditioned exceeded all my expectations . The unit was in pristine condition , almost better than new . As usual with Dyson the performance was unsurpassed . I could not be happier .
 The vacuum seems like new . It 's nice and easy to empty the dirt , that I like a lot . It is a bit heavy to maneuver , but that seems like the only downfall . capets look excellent after vacuuming , this remanufactured was worth the price , especially with the 420 and $ 50 Amazon promotions that go along with it!I found a hole in my hose after the first week , and when I called to inquire about it Dyson they told me they would send me out another . No questions asked . Great service , wish there were more out there like them !
 My wife , who is from Japan and does n't speak English , now refers to `` Dyson-ing '' rather than `` vacuuming '' in both Japanese and probably will eventually in English as well . It 's not that she does n't know better , she just loves this thing.And that 's a big relief since I bought it without consulting her -- which is what I recommend to all you guys out there who want to buy a Dyson . If she was n't nuts about it , it would have joined that long list of expensive items I bought which somehow needs to be replaced with something only slightly different -- the sofa , the TV , that full set of dishes from Crate and Barrell , etc ... I was worried that it would be too heavy for my less than 100 lb wife to push around -LRB- OK , I 'm lying , I wanted to hog it for myself -RRB- but it turns out there 's no problem pushing it about . It 's also easy and fun to take the thing apart , clean it up , and put it together again like a set of legos or a Playschool toy.This is the Weber Grill , the John Deere tractor , the Ford F150 , the Colt 45 of vacuums -- so guys will actually like using it , I swear , and you 'll be more likely to actually catch them vacuuming something than if you buy some other machine . Add the ease of self-servicing it , its durability , and how well Dyson stands behind their product , and you 'd have to be pretty dumb to deny your husband 's request to buy one -LRB- as it seems is often the case -RRB- .
 Yea yea , we have all seen the commercials . The Guy with the strange accent spends 30 seconds telling us how he is the only one to figure out how to make a good/great vacuum cleaner . Well I 'm here to tell you , he is n't pulling our legs . The hype and price was enough to give me pause , but when I saw the `` Factory-Reconditioned Dyson DC07 '' listed on Amazon , I figured `` What do I have to lose ? `` It arrived in perfect condition , -LRB- I 'm not sure what was reconditioned , I 'd be hard pressed to find anything that looks it -RRB- , and right away you figure out that this Guy knows his stuff . My housekeeper uses a Kirby , and the Dyson brought up even more than the Kirby did . Our carpeting actually looked better.This thing does n't lose suction . Period . It 's easy to empty
 I 've been a fan of bagless HEPA vacuums for a while now . My last was a Fantom Fury -LRB- which uses the earlier dual-cyclone technology licensed from Dyson -RRB- but at nearly four years old and somewhat abused , it was starting to fall apart.I 'd been eyeing the DC07 for months , but the price was pretty outrageous . The reconditioned model arrived looking just like a new unit , and saved me a good chunk of money . I was able to assemble the unit without consulting the manual , though I strongly recommend reading through the whole thing , as it does contain some important `` dos and do-nots '' . Build quality is on-par with other machines of this caliber . Some have complained of cheap feeling plastic . I 'll agree , the machine does feel cheap at times but the plastics are very strong -LRB- at least as much as my previous Fantom , which never cracked or broke -RRB- and I have no concerns about the long-term durability of the vacuum . On-board tool storage is provided . The cord does not retract , but must be wound around the backside of the detachable wand when stored . I do n't consider this a fault , as cord retractors always seem to break pretty quickly . The hose is deceptively short looking but stretches out many times its length . You can get a bit more reach by reversing the wand , which helps to clean high locations like celing corners or cabinets.The cleaning performance of this machine is mind-boggling . It is MUCH quieter than my Fantom yet has at least twice the suction power . The dog does not bark at and try to kill this machine as he did with the others . The beater brush does a nice job of reviving the carpet pile , and picks up Rottweiler hair with gusto . I regret at this point that I did n't get the animal turbo tool for the couch , etc. but I suppose I can find this on auction . Edge cleaning is very good , though the unit does come with a wedge tool for extra deep cleaning by the baseboards . I have found the unit quite easy to maneuver ... no `` self-propelled '' mechanism is necessary.One thing I have noticed right away - the house no longer smells dusty and musty after using the Dyson ... something I just accepted as normal from my previous vacuums . Do n't forget , the DC07 has NO BAGS and LIFETIME filters . Once you buy this machine , that 's it . No trips to the store to find obscure bags or discontinued HEPA filters.About the only complaint I have about this machine is that you must undo the entire cord before you can remove the wand , but this is a pretty minor nitpick . Some have complained about the lack of a headlight . I have never had the need to clean my house in the dark , so this is not missed.I could go on and on about the virtues of this fantastic machine , but I will end it here with a firm BUY IT NOW . You wo n't regret this purchase . Thank you Dyson for bringing some fun , color -- and most importantly , performance -- back to the drudgery of housework.On a side note , my original order had `` technical issues '' and was delayed for weeks . One customer service rep in particular took immediate action when I called to vent and had the machine overnighted to me at no charge , which I felt was fantastic customer service . ** UPDATE ** Oct 20 2004The DC07 is still going strong . Works as well as the day I bought it .
 I was actually in the market for a fantom -LRB- had before -RRB- on ebay because I own a Hoover -LRB- $ 229 -RRB- thats only 2yrs . old and never worked very good . I have a older dog that brings everything outside in , dirt , pollen , and even sticks stick to her and all day long its everywhere . I have a 1yr old that cant go anywhere in the house exept the living room and her bedroom . It would take me all day to vacuum and on bare floors it will just spit everything out the back and the attachment is horrible no suction . So since then I 've bought the cordless shark which was great for bare floors and quick but I blew it up using the wrong ac adapter with it , and then a canaster which i hate them . I was going to get a fantom and their nowhere to be found , exept ebay I won one for 40 $ and they retracted the auction.When I first saw the dyson I thought kids toy , looks really funny . But after looking on ebay for a while and lots of research finding one I found all the -LRB- colors -RRB- are the same vacuum so why pay 5-600 for the best one , and the yellow retails for 399.99 . So after killing myself on ebay trying to win one for 200.00 and they were factory serviced too I came across a website that had the rebate info for amazon.com , with free shipping . When the total came to 224 I couldnt pass it up . So I tracked it until it finally arrived , i was that exited.It took only 5 mins to put together and out of the box looked brand new one hard to see scuff mark that i could have even done cause the instr . say to open box from side but their inside the box . When i turned it on I wasnt impressed didnt seem to do much and very quiet . But I didnt see anything about a little cover that slips over the top of the handle that closes it off which was open . Then it was amazing , in just the living room and the hallway I could see 2inches of fine dust then about an inch of heavy dust and a canaster full of dog hair that my other vacuum -LRB- rated best bagless -RRB- left behind . Its very easy to push and turns on a dime . Bare floors not one spec of dust flew out , the front is a little big to get under front of cabinets so either get lower floor tool or just save the money and use the wand , the attachments are nothing like ive ever seen they have holes in the top which pulls air and creates a very heavy suction . I was on a rampage I vacuumed the living room hallway , stairs -LRB- 2lvls that took alone 45mins before -RRB- all in about 30 mins . My house has never looked this clean , carpets look great and new . If dyson would only come out with a steamcleaner I would be sold . I will never own another vacuum.Buy the yellow to save money , you can always get the attachments separate or on ebay for cheaper they fit all of the vacuums . The motor and stats . of vacuum are all the same the only difference is red - has lower floor tool , purple - animal toolbrush and lower floor tool , and green has a year longer warrenty . Amazon changed its warrenty on its site to the 6mths . My daugter can run the house now and allergys are going away she 's been sick off and on for a month now .
 We had seen this on the TV a while ago , and marvelled at it , before sighing once we saw the $ 500 price tag . We have been getting by with a bagless we bought last spring - it seemed to do a good job , we used it about once a week , and ran the Roomba every day . Last month , we realized we would have to buy a filter for our vacuum , and the filter cost more than the vacuum ! We began our search for a vacuum and discovered this one had come down to $ 400 , but that is still too much for me to pay for a vacuum.So ... we waited a while , and just cleaned the filter and hoped it would hold out till we found something wonderful . Then , last week , I found this - $ 250 for the top notch vacuum - with no filters to change . At all . One is washable , which is fine with me - especially since I 'll only have to do it 2 times a year - even twice that is acceptable , since it is FREE to wash instead of payinga small fortune to replace.On the actual quality of the clean from this thing , it 's amazing . I vacuumed with both our old tired vacuum and then the roomba , and then I ran this one . I got an AWFUL lot of crap in there - mostly cat hair -LRB- surprise -RRB- and some very fine dust . My fiance is allergic to dust and dust mites , so I was extremely happy to see that . Looks like the cleaning job is fine . I agree with some other folks who say the head is pretty bulky - I do n't move furniture weekly , because the roomba goes underneath , but if you do n't have one of those , you 'll have to move stuff to get under.I have a couple of little things worth mentioning - when I first used the vacuum , I did not open the instruction booklet . I looked it over , was pleased to see that there was no scuffing , cracking , or even anything that would indicate it had ever been used . Yay ! Anyway , when it came time to empty it , I saw a little sticker that showed a person emptying it , and showed a button to push and a tab to pull . I pushed the button , and pulled the tab , and quickly realized that i was supposed to push the button to take it off , and pull the tab when i was standing over the trash can . After getting it cleaned up , I did empty it into the trash can . you really just pull the tab and it all falls out - some of the cat hair needs a little shaking , but there is really nothing hands on to do - no filter to take outand shake , nothing . It was wonderful = -RRB- Anyways , I would recommend this to absolutely anyone . I do n't know how long it will last - it has a 6 month warranty , so it will last at least as long as the old one -LRB- it better , at three times the price ! -RRB- We never really consideredpaying to get the filter on that one replaced , and probably wouldnt have gotten it repaired if it broke . This one is a sizable investment , and I would definately have it repaired . I do hope this one lasts , because i dont think i could live without it now = -RRB-
 I 've had this vacuum for over 6 months and every time I use it I 'm still amazed at how much fur and dirt it picks up.I also love the fact that you do n't have to replace bags.The kids can easily see all the stuff it picks up when they vacuum -LRB- instant gratification -RRB- and dump out the collection canister without a problem .
 I received my factory-reconditioned Dyson DC07 this afternoon . It arrived in excellent condition . If I did n't know better , I 'd think it was brand new.It took about 5 minutes to put together , super easy . Then I spent the next half hour vacuuming my apartment . I could not believe how much dirt , dust , dog hair , people hair , ect . this thing picked up . Honestly it made me feel a little bad to know my floors were that disgusting!Emptying the dust bin is a breeze too . I will never have to touch a dirty bag again!If you are considering buying a Dyson but are afraid of the price tag like I was , go for a factory-reconditioned unit . You wo n't regret it.My first 5 hours with this vacuum have been a dream come true , and I trust that the rest of our time together will be the same !
 I just purchased the Dyson DC07 Reconditioned Vacuum a week ago . I LOVE this vacuum . I have never owned a vacuum that cleans the way this one does . You would never have even known it was reconditioned because it looks brand new and works like it too . I HIGHLY reccommend this product !!!!!
 Never did I think one could get so excited over a vacuum!When this arrived , it came out of the box looking brand new with the exception that the inside of the hose looked a tiny bit dusty . -LRB- Which , BTW , I LOVE that the hose is clear so that you can see if you have any clogs ! -RRB- It does feel a little bit heavy , but it is still lighter than my last bagless and WAYYYY easier to push . I had to skip dinner and vacuum my ` clean ' carpet as soon as I got home , and I was disgusted -LRB- and thrilled ! -RRB- with the amount of dirt and dust that was removed from my carpeting . This vacuum has terrific suction.Emptying the canister is so easy ! Just a pull of the trigger and it is dumped ... no more messing with disgusting filters or bags.I am head over heels with this ! Even though I am thrilled I got such a great price on the refurbished , I would definitely say that this is well worth the regular retail price of $ 400 too !
 On Monday , I Steam cleaned the carpet with our hover steam cleaner . On Tuesday our reconditioned Dyson arrived in almost new condition , there are a few scuff marks on it . We vacuumed the carpet and got a full canister of dog and cat hair along with some very fine dirt.I am sold , this thing is just flat impressive . Another nice surprise was that it is not very noisy compared to some other vacuums we have had . I have called Dyson and ordered the turbo brush to go with our Yellow Dyson . I think that would be helpful on furniture . Bottom line , good price when compared to the new ones . Reconditioned one is in like new condition , and it picks up stuff you would not believe . My friend has a Bissell turbo type vac . and not only does he have to empty the dirt bin he also has to clean the filters out . This Dyson picks up dirt his machine left behind , and it was all in the bin , the filter looks new.I would not hesitate to recommend this machine to my friends !
 It , a cool vacuum and does a great job . A little heavy for my wife to carry upstairs -LRB- she may just be getting me to do it ! -RRB- Delivered promptly and faily easy to figure out in terms of empting the dirt etc. . So far we like it a lot.Amazon will definately be part of major purchases in the future .
 This vacuum does everything that I had heard.It picks up the dog hair real well.I find that it is easy to empty , and clean . A lot easier than trying to put a new paper bag on the others .
 The Dyson DC07 vacuum is awesome . I purchased the reconditioned Dyson DC07 vacuum . When I took it out of the box , I examined it from head to toe looking for signs that it had been used . It looks like a brand new vacuum cleaner . I am absolutely blown away with the suction power of this particular machine . My wall to wall carpet had s-o-o-o much dirt embedded in it . I knew it was dirty but not that dirty as my husband and I vacuum often with our old Panasonic which obviously had seen better days.I especially like the clear canister which allows you to see all of the dirt that is being picked up . Wow ! is all I can say.The canister is a cinch to open . I empty the canister each time I use it as I want to see just how much dirt is being picked up . I can not believe my eyes at how much dirty and dust is tracked through the house on a daily basis . And no more expensive bags or filters to buy.Anyway , thus far I am thoroughly satisfied with my Dyson DC07 and high recommend it .
 I read the other reviews before buying and could n't believe they were true . BUT THEY WERE ! I have told everyone about this product . I came home on a Friday and started vaccuming and finished up on Saturday . It was amazing how dirty my house was and I had paid someone to clean it . Thank you.Mary
 I received my new Dyson earlier than shipping estimates-wonderful ! I just ca n't believe the vacuum has ever been used . My hubby is very mechanically inclined , and is totally impressed with it being new and its awesome design.We are impressed by the way our carpet has come alive.I highly recommend this purchase , and I will tell my friends the same .
 The Dyson DC07 was a little heavier than I expected but maneuvers easily . Transitions well from hard floors to rugs . Cleans better than any upright vacuum I 've owned . I was disappointed with the refurbished sweeper when I tried to empty the collection bin , it would n't . I phoned customer service and was pleased to learn that they would replace the chamber/bin no questions asked . I received the part within the week and now the sweeper works fine . I am disappointed that the warranty is only for 6 months , but do n't expect to need it again .
 I was a little weary of buying a used product , but I am extremely pleased with this purchase . I could not even tell it was n't brand new , except for a slight scuff on the bottom . It works better than any vacuum I 've ever used , and I 've tried every brand and used to be a Kirby salesperson . My carpet looks like I just had it cleaned . The attachments are a little cumbersome to use . Overall-this is the best purchase I 've made for the house in a long time !
 Unit came with no real signs of use . A little dust in canister at most . The unit works great ... tons of suction . Sometimes too much . Using the wand wants to suck the vacuum back towards you . It 's nice that it 's light ... but that makes the components light -LRB- i.e. easily breakable ? -RRB- . I broke off a very small plastic ` guide ' tab about 5 minutes after taking it out of the box.There is a tradeoff between being light weight and durable construction . I think it 's a good unit , but I guess I 'll reserve final judgement until I see how it holds up over time . You may want to check one out at a brick and mortar store to make sure you 're comfortable with the construction.Bottom line
 I have had a range of vacuum cleaners over the years and this one seems after a short period to be better than most as far as cleaning capability goes.At first glance it seemed really flimsy and its really light to pushwhne its on , it did n't look like the gaskets / sealers between joints would give you much suction . But once it was properly connected . WOW ! I thought my house was clean , the dyson really showed me how wrong I was , the rubbish it is getting out of my carpet is just amazing . Kind of frightening too!The look it is giving to the pile of my carpet is just beautiful . The carpet is almost looking new again.The only thing I am not fantastically impressed with is the hose attachment . I am not sure if the metal pipe should be shorter or the plastic hose should be longer but the attachment is a little awkard . It seems a little inflexible and too short to be comfortable . Thats not to say that it doesnt work , just its not as comfortable as the last machine I had . I 'll get used to it eventually.The instruction manual is okay but not brilliant . Definitely on the lines of could do better.The real test of this machine is to see how it is holding up after a year . My last machine looked really battered after that period and had lost much of its suction .
 Purchased this model for under $ 200 . It arrived in perfect , brand new condition and seems to operate the way it should . This dc07 model is not as powerful as the dc14 or others , and it is a great vacuum , but was not as powerful as I expected for a dyson . It picks up lots of dirt and carpet fiber , but every string and hair gets caught on the rotating brush instead of going into the canister . VERY annoying ! I have to clean the brush 1-2 times for each use . Overall it is a solid vacuum , but knowing it is not as powerful as other models and considering the issues with the brush , there is no way I would pay over $ 200 for it . I suggest waiting for the price to lower -LRB- and it usually does -RRB- . Likewise , if you have a ton of kids or pets , I would suggest purchasing one of the other dysons , instead of this `` basic '' version . A good value for the money though .
 Great product , looks like new in every way including packaging , finish , and operation . Would never guess it was reconditioned , and what a great price !
 All I can say is that all those reviews that rated this item a five are correct ! It works great , easy to empty and the suction is as advertised . If I had anything negative to say about the design it would be to say that the attachments are not easy to get to , but since I do n't use them too often , that is not a huge issue for me .
 This vacuum stands way above the rest . Dyson vacuums are so powerful and never loose their power as time goes on . I have had my original Dyson for 3 years and just loved it . I passed that one along to my Mom when this one arrived . She loves it as well . I have dogs and birds and nothing gets in the way of my Dyson . It can handle it all . This particular vacuum arrived spotless , being reconditioned , and runs great ! Would certainly buy again . Highly recommended .
 We gave our previous Dyson to our son and daughter-in-law , so needed to replace it . We were very happy to find this , for such a great price . It has great suction , and the long hose is handy for dusting high places . Overall , a great vacuum and value .
 This is the first time I purchased a reconditioned product from Amazon.com . Not knowing what to expect I was somewhat uneasy about ordering the product . I planned on using the vacuum at our cabin , so thinking that if it was n't what I expected , it was only for our cabin . I was greatly surprised when it arrived and I opened the box . This Dyson vacuum cleaner is everything I saw avertised on TV regarding the Dyson brand name . It has great suction , light weight , and is easy to use . I have a Kirby at home and am tempted to switch vacuum cleaners so I can have the Dyson at home and use on a regular basis .
 The vacuum works very well . It picks up anything and everything and makes the carpet look new .
 came clean , in packaging . Needed slight assembly . Worked very well . Changed the color of my carpet ! Hard to clean stairs though .
 So far so good ... Buying reconditioned is a little risky , but this has been a good purchase . The product came out of the box looking brand new.The vacuum itself is hands down the best vacuum I have ever purchased . Its suction is amazing.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I bake all my own bread and have had many different bread knives over the years . This one is the best by far . 10 &#34; length , sharp serrations and extra width all make for a smooth straight cut .
 I recently purchased two packs of these and am pleased with the reults . As another reviewer points out , there is no fill line as the package states . All I did was fill the cup completely , put the lid on -LRB- which caused some water to spill out -RRB- and thus have the cup completely full . The quality of the plastic container seems fine and the shot glasses have been coming out great . To get the glasses out when they are frozen , you just have to run some warm water over them for a few seconds and they will slide right out . I put the glasses back in the feezer for a few minutes to dry the outside since the warm water is used to slightly melt the glass . After that , they are ready to use .
 They take about 8 hours to freeze , so if you want a lot for your party , start early . They work perfectly and people loved them . If you want to reuse the ice glass , and your guests do n't mind , they are good for 3-4 shots . Overall , perfect and does exactly what it should . Very Cool .
 What a fantastic idea ! The shot glasses only last for about one or 2 shots before they start to leak . Also the packaging suggests using cola or juice as options instead of water . I have found that water is best . Shot glasses frozen from cola and juice tend to have imperfections causing them to leak , wasting precious liquor !!! Also , the shots measure less than an ounce each , but even with all these imperfections , the fact that you can drink out of an ice cube is fantastic . It never fails to impress my guests at parties .
 Great product . I was afraid the plastic would be cheap and break but turned out not to be the case . I have made several dozen already and they turn out great after you learn and get used to properly taking the ice out of the plastic cups .
 These were a hit at my last party ! And an added bonus is that you do n't have shotglasses to wash at the end of the night : -RRB-
 I have brought Analon cookware . They quality is superb . The nonstick capabilities are superior . For the price this set is a steal . This set will last a long time . It compares very well to Calphalon products .
 I 've owned my set of Meyer pot and pans for over three years . They are by far the best set of cookware I 've ever had . I highly recommend them.Thanks for making a truly quality product .
 This Calphalon Professional Hard Anodized Collector 's Edition 5-Quart Sauteuse with Lid is excellent for braising meats , poultry , and vegetables . However , one needs to have a large cooktop with a large burner available in order to get the best results because the base on this pan has a large diameter . At a medium high setting , using an oil with a high smoke point -LRB- e.g. , grapeseed or canola oil , not olive oil -RRB- , this sauteuese works well for searing , browning , braising , frying , and saut&eacute;ing . Then the same pan can be used in a preheated oven for roasting . I like to add rice , noodles , or couscous to the roasted meat or poultry and vegetables , so I can use one pan for serving . This pan is virtually nonstick , and any stains or residue can be removed with Bon Ami or Dormond cleaner .
 I have a huge collection of Calphalon , and this is but one of the many items that I love in it . My mom hooked me on this stuff when I was a kid , she got hers when it first came out in the eighties . This pan is great for a saute , but also for paella , jambalaya , anything that you want to make for a large crowd , or just a small , very hungry crowd . Calphalon is the best cookware ... I like the commercial hard anodized , you can scrub the heck out of it and not worry about harming the finish . Over time it cures to a nice nonstick finish . Once you buy Calphalon , you will never buy anything else , and the pans you have will last your entire life -LRB- at LEAST ! -RRB- . I take my pans with me when I cook at someone else 's home , I ca n't stand using anything else !!
 This is the very best pan I ever had!This is based on the fact that I use it nearly every time I cook anything ! I use this pan at least 4 out of 5 times I prepare any kind of meal . I love it ! It is easy to clean , very sturdy , and just the right size
 These cups are made in USA . Bluebirds are my favorite bird , and I love having these in my collection . They are a very good size and work well with hot beverages . A great present for the bird lover .
 One of the best things about this pasta set was being able to throw away my plastic colander . This was worth its weight in gold from the day I brought this home . Pasta cooks very nicely in this combination , as does steamed vegetables . It 's particularly helpful when boiling crab legs - much easier to simply lift out the insert than to take all those pesky legs and put them in a colander . This is also great for making pot roasts that could be made in a stockpot or crockpot - the strainer makes it very easy to separate the stock for making gravy . So many uses , so little time !
 This Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized 61/2 - Quart Saucepot with Pasta Insert and Lid is a `` pasta pentola set '' from the newer line of Calphalon 's Hard Anodized cookware . Because the handles of this saucepot , pasta insert , and lid are made from stainless steel , they stay cool to the touch . The pasta insert is made from heavy duty 18/10 stainless steel.I have found that the cooking times for different kinds of pasta are consistent when I cook them with this pot and insert , so I can set my kitchen timer for a minute or so before the time I need for al dente . When the pasta is done , I remove the insert , let the water drain off into the pan , and put the cooked pasta into a large bowl and sauce it.The sauce pan can be used to make large quanties of sauce , stew , chili , or soup . It heats up to a medium-high setting in a short amount of time . The Commercial hard anodized finish is almost nonstick . I do n't use any pan cooking spray on these hard anodized pans because it causes a sticky residue to be built up . I hand wash my Calphalon pots and pans and use Bon Ami or Dormond cleaner for any stains or discoloration.All of the Calphalon `` Collector 's Edition '' `` specials '' are great buys , and this pasta pentola set is perfect for a couple or a small family to add to their collection of quality cookware .
 I bought this out of my gold box . Nearly ended in divorce court . This fills up the cupboard and some pots have been relegated to the shelves in the garage . I bought this to replace a Circulon stock pot that I bought to try that brand . No comparison ! The Circulon does n't fit on the burner , is too tall for the stove , and is non-stick . To be fair , it 's a fine pot , but I 'm not a big fan of non-stick . The Calphalon stays on the stove while I try to figure out where to keep all this stuff . I love this for pasta and stock . You can lift out the stainless liner and remove all the dross from stock -LRB- I just made a chicken dish with the 12 '' everyday pan , this pot to make the stock , and the 4 qt . pot to cook some tortellini -RRB- . The stock comes out clear , and the remains are easy to sort out for the cat ! I 've finally decided to limit the number of lids for all these pots . Thankfully , many lids fit more than one pot . Clean up is easy IF you follow directions . I spent 39 years in the public schools trying to teach kids to FOLLOW DIRECTIONS ! The Calphalon cleaner works wonders if all else fails . Always , always heat the pan first , then add oil , then the ingredients at ROOM temperature . One other thing , I only use plastic or wooden utensils in any cookware , I hate the look of scratches ! This product line is better than any other I have ever used ; you can keep your teflon and non-stick stuff ... and I NEVER let anyone else wash these pans !
 I very nearly did n't , thanks to the comments of reviewer Glam72 in San Francisco . Having never used Calphalon , I did n't know how seriously to take the comment about it requiring 1/2 hour to heat the water , but did know that my life is n't about waiting around for pots to boil . However , after a fruitless search for another pasta cooker with an insert that goes clear to the bottom of the pot , I bought this set . Within five minutes of taking it out of the box , I had it on the stove with four quarts of cold water in it and my stopwatch running . 9.75 minutes from cold to rolling boil , and the only `` cheat '' was that I turned the burner on to begin heating while I was filling the pot . This I can live with . Given my new found passion for Italian cooking , I 'm expecting this pot to become one of the `` could n't live without 's '' in my kitchen .
 I Own a 6 & 1/2 Commercial , and a Professional . Both get a good workout between doing steamed spiced shrimp , pasta , mashed potatoes , and home made stocks . The different handles Do make a big difference . My stubbornness creates a burning hot flying disc in the kitchen with the Professional lid , however I am able to pick up and place down the Commercial lid without causing any discomfort.Don ' t fill this pot up past the last set of holes before you set it on the burner . -LRB- You will have about 1 '' & 1/2 before the lip of the pot -LCB- not the pentola -RCB- . If you fill it up further , you will have a boil over.With the starchy types of foods that you cook with the pasta pentola , it tends to quickly loose its shine , and builds up a dull scum . I find that by using a lemon peel with some comet , removes the scum quickly.Anything mot than 1 pound and 1/2 of pasta , I 'd recommend a bigger pot . Otherwise , this is the pot for you .
 The 61/2 Quart Pasta Pot is a beauty , heavy , well shaped , fitted with a deep and manageable insert . I 'm just not sure I 'll be able to use it for anything other than boiling a single pound of pasta . It 's too small to make a chicken soup , just big enough for a pasta sauce . I 'm wondering if there 's a larger version .
 I very nearly did n't , thanks to the comments of reviewer Glam72 in San Francisco . Having never used Calphalon , I did n't know how seriously to take the comment about it requiring 1/2 hour to heat the water , but did know that my life is n't about waiting around for pots to boil . However , after a fruitless search for another pasta cooker with an insert that goes clear to the bottom of the pot , I bought this set . Within five minutes of taking it out of the box , I had it on the stove with four quarts of cold water in it and my stopwatch running . 9.75 minutes from cold to rolling boil , and the only `` cheat '' was that I turned the burner on to begin heating while I was filling the pot . This I can live with . Given my new found passion for Italian cooking , I 'm expecting this pot to become one of the `` could n't live without 's '' in my kitchen .
 I bought this set over a year ago . Although it is on the smaller side , I have to say it is probably the second most used pot in our household -LRB- the first being the 21/2 qt shallow commercial anodized sauce pan ! -RRB- . It works well for meals for my family of four . I routinely boil 1 pound of pasta or approx . 5 lbs of cubed potatoes for mashed potatoes . I have made soup , chili and spaghetti sauce in the pot as well . It 's the right size for enough of these dishes for my family , plus some leftovers to freeze for another full meal . I do n't find it as `` narrow '' or difficult to use as my 8 qt stock pot - the height seems perfect for the width of this pot .
 The 6-quart is the perfect size for me , since the 8 quart is still too big . I use this for pastas , stocks , and even deep frying . Really a good quality pan that cleans up easily after a moments soak in hot sudsy water .
 For stove-top cooking and roasting in the oven , the Calphalon hard-anodized pots have no rival . They are easy to clean , even without a `` non-stick '' coating , and the lack of such coating is why they last.This set allows the cooking and quick-draining of pasta without use of a colander and , if the dish then requires the preparation of the pasta in a sauce , you may , after emptying , finish the pasta dish in the same pot.In reviewing my Amazon orders so I could review this cookware , I see that I 've owned it for ten years . At the same time , I purchased a whole set of T-fal cookware , which did n't perform as well and also did n't last -- all those pieces are gone -- evidence that buying quality cookware is a no-brainer . A small downside is that the hard-anodized pots are n't suited for the dishwasher , so you will also want to own a smaller stainless pot and srrainer set -- I have a Farberware set , purchased a la carte , which may or may not still be available -- for small quantities of pasta which will be sauced on the plate .
 Use it all the time . Holding up well and works fine for pasta . No problem with food sticking . Satisfied with product .
 Our family eats a lot of pasta , and this combo never leaves our stove for long . It is great -- no issues or reservations . The current price being asked is an absurd multiple of what I paid more than a year ago for this combo . As with all cookware on Amazon , there is enormous price variability over time . Identify what you like and then return frequently to see if the price has moved .
 I love this for boiling corn or pasta . It does n't have the nonstick surface like the 21/2 quart saucepan , but I bought this for easy draining and it gets the job done well .
 When I bought this pot , I had already been cooking in my Calphalon 21/2 qt . shallow sauce pan for close to two years . I knew what I needed -- a larger pot to make pasta , poach a chicken , make stock , cook soup , and so on . I was only reluctant to get this pot because of the price This pot performs wonderfully in all regards . Worth every penny .
 I ca n't believe that I 've been using a cruddy colendar for this many years . Telling my husband and children to stand back while I dart from the stove to the sink was just one of the problems I 've faced while cooking . The other was how hard it was to clean those darn things ! Well , this is a breeze and great and I ca n't believe I took so long to purchase this product . On top of the great pasta insert , I now have another huge stockpot to make lots of hearty soups and chili for upcoming football weekends ! I ca n't wait to see what to cook next .
 I love this pot , but I want to warn people of something that happened to me . With the strainer insert , it appears that you can fill it more full of water than you actually can . I set the pot on my gas stove to boil , and went outside . When I came back in , I smelled gas ! Evidently , the water boiled , and because I had filled it too far , the water bubbled out and put out the flame , leaving the gas to continue coming out . No harm done -- I opened the windows and everything was fine . But what if I had n't come in for another 15 minutes ? Eek . Just a little advice from me to you
 a sturdy well constructed pot with two fully usable inserts-one for pasta or chicken/cat or lamb leg parboiling and the other insert for steaming fresh vegetables to delicious savor and palatable texture . The lid is solid and does not move when properly boiling or steaming . Some may not like the industrial look of this assemblage but its commercial quality construction and durability are meritorious attributes . Each serious cook should have this 4-piece set in the kitchen . Amazon 's price can not be bettered .
 Exellent size pot . I bought this pot to cook soups and stews in . The pasta insert is just a plus . I used to cook soups in a 4 quart dutch oven but they always overflowed . This pot fits all my soup recipes . Also , I love this pot because it is light weight ! I have a caphalan commercial non-stick pan and it 's almost too heavy to lift !
 This was my first Calphalon purchase -LRB- but have been using my boyfriend 's set for some time -RRB- , and I love the size of the pot as well as the pasta insert . I cook pasta , corn , soup , and all kinds of stuff in there . The only drawback with this -LRB- and all Calphalon -RRB- is that it takes SO LONG for water to boil ! You literally need to turn on the heat a good 1/2 hour before you need your water to boil , otherwise you will be left impatiently waiting like I was the other night . Otherwise , you ca n't beat it !
 We received this pot as a wedding gift six years ago and it has seen almost daily use ever since . The size is perfect for cooking for 2-4 people and is our favorite for pasta and homemade soups . We 've even used it for oven braising meats and it works beautifully . This is an excellent price as I have paid much more for Calphalon elsewhere .
 Since Calaphon almost never makes significant discounts on their higher end lines , this saucepot is a pretty good deal . As one of the other reviewers mentions , it is a great purchase for you to experiment with difference between high quality and average cookware.The calaphon collector 's edition is the same as the commerical hard anodized line . It has a heavy gauge bottom that provide nice even heating . It has a high grade Hard Anodized -LRB- not non stick -RRB- surface which will withstand the use of metal utensils and last for years . It is does not have the low conductivity handles , so you will have to use a mitt to lift the pot if it has been on the stove for several minutes.Although I really like calaphon cookware , I found that this particular piece to be an odd size . It is a little too small for most types of pasta -LRB- 2 qt of water + 1 lb of pasta will boil over -RRB- and will fit only fit a very small bird or enough vegetables for two people -LRB- the steamer insert is too large for this pot -RRB- . I find that the lack of a long handle a disadvantage for making sauces -LRB- you ca n't swirl or shake easily -RRB- . However for sauces or dishes that start on the stove top and finish in the oven -LRB- bolongese sauce , beef burgundy -RRB- it is pretty good if you are making small batches .
 This Calphalon Professional Hard Anodized `` Collector 's Edition '' 31/2 - Quart Saucepot with Lid is another great buy from the first line of Calphalon cookware . When I see these `` Collector 's Editions '' pots , I try to purchase them right away to add to my own collection or to give as gifts.This 31/2 - quart saucepot is perfect for cooking soups made from lentils or split peas and for making baked beans . It can also be used as a saucepan , and with the Calphalon universal steamer insert , it can be used to steam vegetables like broccoli and asparagus . This pot is also perfect for boiling or steaming a few large artichokes . I have also made a casserole in it , put it in the oven , and then under the broiler to finish the dish when I have added butter and breadcrumbs on the top.Some cautions though
 This is one of four new Calphalon pans and I could n't be happier . I just got this pot delivered and already have sauce cooking in it ! What a PERFECT size for most everyday needs!Well weighted , with a thick bottom ... this pan will be a mainstay in my kitchen ... I can tell already ! My only question is ... why in the world did I wait so long to start my Calphalon collection ??? If you enjoy cooking and quality , I suggest you seriously look into this line.I prefer the PRO line of Calphalon to their Commercial line . I appreciate the untilitarian approach of their PRO design , having owned and run a restaurant in my past . The weight of this cookware and the sturdy rivets let me know I 'll have this in my life for a very long time.Non-Stick finishes have worn out their welcome in my kitchen . Too many claims of long lasting coatings peeling off after a years wear . With this line of cookware , you do n't have to worry about any of that , and sticking has not been an issue with any of the pans I 've recently aquired from Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- . I tried cooking eggs in one of my new pans , just to see how it performed ... and they slid right out of the pan . No non-stick surface needed with these babies ! Great stuff!If you like pretty ... go with the Commercial selections . If you like sturdy , no nonsense cookware ... PRO is the way to go!I 'll be buying more very soon ! I 'm hooked ! Check out some of the GREAT DEALS being offered in this line right now ! You ca n't lose ! ... . Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- ... as always ... provided quick and clean service!Linda
 This has become the most used pot we have . My wife loves it.For those complaining about how hot the handles get that 's one of the things that make this pot oven safe to 700If you only need oven safe to 350-375 get pots with plastic covered handles .
 If I could only have one pot , this would be the one
 Sorry to read the few reviews from folks that do n't know how easy it is to clean/maintain hard anodized cookware , do n't they read the instructions ? There is nothing easier -LRB- what else can you use Comet on ? -RRB- . The more reviews I read , the more I believe that non-stick cookware is for people that do n't know how to cook !!! This convenient little pot is by far the one I grab most often , whether for a batch of sauce/gravy/chili , soaking beans , steaming veggies , or braising/browning meat . For a camper , it 's the perfect pot over a propane stove or campfire too ! If you want a perfect wedding or housewarming gift to start someone off on the right way to cook , the price on this unit ca n't be beat !
 First off , the price was unbelievable so I really had to try this sauce pot . And now that I 've had it for a month , I do n't know how I lived without it . I never thought that I 'd go for a pot that did n't have the traditional long handle -LRB- this one has two loop handles -RRB- but now that I 've used this on a semi-crowded stove , I wo n't go back.The pot itself is the perfect size for `` doctoring '' up to two jars of spaghetti sauce , and for making a good amount of mashed potatoes that you can make right in the pan without worrying about scratches to the surface like in non-stick cookware . And it 's beefy enough to not worry about it walking around the burner when you stir a sauce.This puppy is a real workhorse that I 'll look forward to having for many years .
 This pot works really well and is the perfect size for everyday cooking of pasta , soup , or sauces . It cleans easily by hand so that is not a problem . However it should come with pot holders because the handles get quite hot . This is not a concern for adults who are careful in their kitchens , but if you have kids who like to cook be sure to warn them and to keep your pot holders handy .
 This is a good small `` stockpot '' for the small family use . Many times when I only need smaller amounts of soups and stocks this pan fills the need real well . At tis price it is an exceptional value and will stand up to constant hard use if necessary . Often good stockpots for smaller uses are so expensive that people often buy cheap pans that work poorly . If you do a lot of small batch cooking this is an great buy , get several they will last forever .
 I have found this to be a very convenient size of pot . It is perfect for making mashed potatoes , rice , pierogies , oatmeal , etc. . I have used this pot and my Calphalon Commercial 12 '' Hard Anodized Everyday Pan at almost every cooking session since I received them.The quality of this pot is fantastic . Some of the Calphalon Collector 's Edition products are made in China , but this is made in the good ol' USA . The only downside is that the handles DO get hot . A potholder is definitely a necessity . Still , at -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for an amazing quality pot , I am not complaining.Sticking is not a problem . Just be sure to heat up the cookware before adding the food . Since the aluminum conducts heat so well , a slightly lower setting on the stove is also helpful . Cleanup is easy . Just let it cool off , toss in a sink full of soapy water , and give it a few swipes with a green Scotch-Brite pad.I like the fact that this has two short handles , rather than one longer handle . I have a bit of carpel tunnel in my wrist , and using two hands makes it easier and safer for me to pick up the pot . Also , there is no long handle to get in the way on the stovetop .
 This pan is used in my kitchen more then most . I boil potatos pastas and make large portions of rice with this pan . I also use it to make pasta sauces . The riveted handles will make this pan last for years to come . My advice to anyone shopping for cookware is to never buy any with spot welded handles , they just do n't last . The anodized surface is a snap to clean , and tough as nails . Mine looks brand new after years of service . The weight of these pans provides even fast heating . The handles do get hot on this one , so you will need pot holders while cooking . I am a big fan of Calphalon , in fact it is all we use now .
 I recently ordered this pot , and I 've been using it nonstop ... it has n't even had time to make it inside my cupboard ! I have n't ever had a pan that would properly steam my rice until this one . I have a gas range and , even with a heat diffuser in place , the rice was always sticking to the bottom of the pan . With this saucepot , the rice turns out perfectly even without a diffuser . Fits just the right amount of soup for my family of four . Handles do get hot , but -- in my opinion -- having to remember to use the potholders is a small price to pay for perfect rice !
 I was reluctant to order , but my cheapy grocery store pans just were n't cutting it and the price hypnotized me ! I ordered from Amazon and got it quick last year . We followed instructions to the letter because it 's the most expensive pan I 've owned . We purposely FRIED foods in it early on , -LRB- Chicken and French Fries -RRB- It seasoned the pan perfectly . I assumed because it was n't `` non-stick '' that it would be difficult to clean . . boy was I wrong ! Just soak for a few minutes and cleans like a `` non-stick '' pan . It seasons meat so well . . I had no idea what a difference it makes to use for flavoring meats and making sauces and gravies ! Only drawback is that the handles get too hot . Using potholders is difficult due to the design . BUT
 This pot is perfect for a wide variety of uses . The first thing I cooked in it was polenta ... usually a gooey , sticky mess to clean up . All I did was soak the pot in warm soapy water for 10 minutes followed by a quick swish with a dobie and it was clean . I love the size of this pot , great for polenta , risotto , small soups and stews . Next I 'm trying Cream of Marmot to see if that cleans up as well . Seriously , this is another great pan at a fantastic price . No more cheap pans for me , I probably will not outlive these Calphalon gems . Just remember the pot holders , these handles do get really hot ! I knew that before I bought them so , I ca n't fault the product .
 This is an incredible pot at an unbelievable price . This pot is perfect for cooking small batches of potatoes -LRB- you can mash them directly in the pot !! -RRB- , sauces , baking small casseroles , and many other things . And you ca n't beat Calphalon , especially at this price !
 Boy am I going to sound like a nitpicky whiner here but how hard would it have been for Calphalon to get this pan right?The kettle itself is great , same high quality anodized aluminum that I 'm familiar with from the Commercial Hard Anodized line , overall workmenship and rivoting are good . So how much can they possibly have saved by using the stainless steel handles and the really cheesy handle on the lid ? Thirty-five cents ? Maybe I 'm just being an old fuddy duddy but I get so tired of this kind of attitude in marketing in America any more . What next , a cheaper yet line that 'll fit nicely on Wal-Mart 's shelves?Go ahead and buy it because Amazon 's price is good and the size perfectly compliments Calphalon 's two and a half quart Commercial shallow sauce pans -LRB- which show the way Calphalon can build a pot and are a much better buy than anything else in their entire line -RRB- that are must haves for any serious cook with any kind of budget . Just keep your potholders ready . Those cheap handles get hot .
 What a great size for couples . This pan lets you cook without thinking you need to add more ingredients to fill it up . I 've cooked in this pan for about two months now and have made many sauces and chile 's , I am really amazed how often it is on my stove top . I really suggest you buy one and cook those meals you enjoy . The clean up is so easy too .
 For stove-top cooking and roasting in the oven , this is my go-to pot . It is easy to clean , even though it does n't have a `` non-stick '' coating , and the lack of such coating is why it has lasted this long.In reviewing my Amazon orders so I could review this , I see that I 've owned it for ten years . At the same time , I purchased a whole set of T-fal cookware , which did n't perform as well and also did n't last -- all those pieces are gone -- evidence that buying quality cookware is a no-brainer .
 Ok I 've had this pot for 4 years and yeah I 'm just writing a review . Be aware this pot is fairly small but 3-1/2 quarts is n't big . Yes the handles do get hot and you need to use potholders but the handles are riveted to the walls of the pot and they are as tightly fixed to the pot as the day I unpacked it.We use this pot 3-4 times a week for the past 4 years and its one of those kitchen items that you will pass on to your grandkids . The walls of the pot are very thick and it holds heat well . We use it all the time for slow cook sauces . It is not teflon but like I said its a thick pot so stuff does n't burn it . You wo n't end up throwing this pot out after 2-3 years like you would a teflon pot .
 This pot is the ideal size for making a weeks worth of Porridge . It is not to big to go in the fridge and therefore does not take up much room . This is also used the for heating up veggies and soup . It is the most used pot in my Calphalon arsenal , it is the perfect size for most of my needs . I need to get a 2nd one , it is that useful . Very simple to clean . The price when I bought this was excellent , as with all of my Calphalon purchases , Amazon has the BEST prices .
 This is an absolutely wonderful pot and the `` try me '' price makes it a `` must have '' for every kitchen . I LOVE IT . I 've just started using Calphalon and this is one of the first items I purchased !
 this is a functional sauce pot . it came scratched and it gets scratched real easy . i guess i am not sure what hard anodized coating means ! it is a good size for many purposes . personally , i do not like anodized as , again , it scratches easily and then looks kind of bad . otherwise it is a heavy duty little pot . i prefer commercial stainless blend as it is tougher and heats well . bottom line is the price is right scratch prone or not , this is a good mid size sauce pot
 Pictures do n't do justice to the brilliant red of the Le Creuset tomato - it 's adorable and very cheerful . It 's highly durable , and the interior is incredibly easy to clean!One reason I always end up reaching for my Le Creuset pans is the formation of `` fond '' -LRB- the little brown bits -RRB- which is so impossible to manage when browning meat in a non-stick pan . Le Cresets seem to promote fond creation , and this allows you to make magnificent sauces with what 's in the pan once you 're done cooking the meat . -LRB- That 's a definite advantage if you 're learning any French cooking . -RRB- These pots are also amazingly flexible - you can take it from the stovetop to the oven with no problems ! -LRB- Be forewarned , though , that the cute ` stem ' of the tomato can only withstand temperatures up to 400 degrees F . But I have yet to have this be a problem . -RRB- There are two small downsides to this particular Le Creuset pan . One of which is common to all Le Creuset enameled cast iron pots - you can not use these over high stovetop heat , or you risk damaging the beautiful enameled surface . These pots are made for a `` slow and steady wins the race '' method of cooking , not a quick sear . -LRB- Save that for your Lodge cast iron pan . -RRB- However , this is not really a handicap - because once you heat this vessel up steadily , it holds the heat for an extraordinary amount of time , and it heats very evenly . It 's great - when you take the dish to the table , the contents stay warm throughout the meal!The second down side of this pot is the lid - the quirky tomato shape , while adorable , causes the lid to only fit snugly in one way . This can be minorly aggrivating when you 're in a real rush . -LRB- I always put the lid on the wrong way the first time . -RRB- This is the only reason for my giving this pot a four-star rating , in lieu of the five stars it would have normally earned .
 I purchased this 2-Quart Tomato Casserole aboutthree months ago and have had time to use and evaluate it.Wonderful!We have a magnetic induction cooktop and I have written otherreviews of Le Creuset and All-Clad cookware here at Amazon.com inregards to the virtues of magnetic induction so I wo n't repeatmyself -- other than to say that this casserole works great ona magnetic induction cooktop as well as conventional cooktops.What is so great about this casserole is that you can use it onyour cooktop as a skillet to brown , then add ingredients and putit into your oven to bake , then take it straight to the table toserve ! Its tomato shape makes for a very nice presentation onthe table . Cute . : - -RRB- By the way , the picture -LRB- at least right now -RRB- shows theknob on the lid to be the normal round shape knob as found onother Le Creuset cookware . That is _ not _ the type of knob thatcame with the one that I purchased . Rather , the knob is a threepronged handle that resembles the part of the vine that connectsto the tomato . Once again , _ very _ cute . : - -RRB- Since we have had a number of months now to use a variety ofLe Creuset cookware , there is one item that I 'd like to passalong regarding Le Creuset in general ; I have not seen thismentioned in other reviews . Namely , the lip of the casserole , sauce pan , etc. , and the adjacent lip of the lid are exposedcast iron . The enamel coating is not applied to these lips.What this means is that if you leave the lips exposed to waterfor a period of time they will rust -- so do n't leave themsoaking in your sink ! It 's very easy to avoid , just keep thelips dry.In summary , wonderful cookware . Definitely a 5-star review !
 The whimsy of Le Creuset designers continues to delight collectors with this newest addition to Le Creuset 's line of specialty pots
 This piece from Le Creuset is pretty enough to leave out on top of your stove . I use mine constantly , from soup to rice to baked items in oven . Great tip
 This casserole is excellent . I bought this one , and the green pepper , as a set to use when serving salsas and sauces . They look great on the table together . Then I went and gave them their own shelf and they 've been so pretty together up there . I get compliments on them EVERY TIME someone new comes into my kitchen - often from regulars who just admire them all the time . I think they are worth the money just for the quality and uniqueness of the product but make no mistake , as darling as they are they are real workhorses when it comes to cooking and serving and a delight to use for host and guest alike.Both of my pots came with a `` stemlike '' handle , not the round handle shown in the pic . Check out the yellow pepper to see the handle you 'll probably get .
 This is my first piece of LeCreuset . I purchased the tomato because for the whimsy . I just plain thought it was darn cute ! Now I 'm hooked on LeCreuset because of the quality . It is a really heavy pot with a tight fitting lid . The knob shown in the photo is round but the knob on my pot looks spikey , like a stem . At first I thought it would be too small for my 6 person family but it 's size is deceptive . It fits perfectly on the stovetop and holds a sidedish for 6 with ease . I ca n't say enough about this wonderful cookware . I would use this for cooking or serving . It 's heavy , stable , holds the heat very well . It 's shiny , cute , very red . This is one pot to be admired on a table setting . I look forward to getting another one , maybe the pepper next !
 I honestly purchased this one because of the price on these more creative casseroles . This one is lovely , its a very bright red . I chose this one because i thought it would work well for pot lucks or other occasions . This is an extremely heavy pot that can go on the stove on low and medium temperature and in the oven as well . This is a 2 quart casserole dish that seems adequate for most casserole recipes . This dish , I feel , is a great way to get started on this high end line of cookware .
 After years of cooking for family and friends , the puzzle was how to make a small pot of soup or stew -LRB- or pasta or rice or anything else ... -RRB- for the two of us . These friendly looking little 2-quart veggie pots from Le Creuset -LRB- the tomato , the pumpkin , and the pepper -RRB- are just right for 2 people and 2 dishes of left overs -- The seal is tight when the lid is on , the heat is even , and the surface is easy to wash out with just a sponge of soapy water -- or with a regular bath in the dish washer . Best of all , the bottom of the pot is small enough to cook very well on the small burner of the stove -- leaving large burners for tea kettle and humidifier in the winter.We 've used this one so far for Chicken & Rice , Pablano Soup , spaghetti sauce , a cornish hen on veggies , and jambalaya . No stains , no scorches , no cooking away the liquids , and no 5 quarts of extra leftovers .
 I have collected ALL of Le Creuset 's fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles . In my 40 + years of cooking these casseroles are at the top of the list for fun , functionality and beauty all rolled up into one . They are beautiful to display on a table or on a kitchen counter and very practical in cooking superb casseroles , soups , stews and other wonderful dishes . The color that they can add to a kitchen brightens every vist there . The exterior and interior enamel coating is very durable and easy to clean . I have cooked a multitude of dishes in these casseroles and have found them to be excellent in heat conduction and preventing `` hot spots '' . The wider and lower shaped casseroles are a little better in spreading the heat.The warranty against defects of 101 years will certainly last beyond my expected needs but it is nice to know that I have the protection since these are not inexpensive purchases.The comments of guests served from these casseroles is always positive and never fails to bring a smile to my face . I use them regularly for the family as well.There is a drawback to these whimsical cookers and that is the rim of both the top and bottom of the casseroles . There is no enamel on these rims and they can rust if not dried immediately after hand washing . They are dishwasher safe but I do recommend that you hand wash and dry immediately . I also recommend that you let them sit out for an hour or so to air dry before storing them.When wet this casserole can be very slippery and the handles on the bottom and top help in preventing dropping them . Be really careful!Finally , closely inspect your casserole when it arrives . My first garlic casserole had a two inch crack in the enamel . I did not have to contact Le Crueset since Amazon.com immediately sent a replacement to me and had the defective item picked up at my home at no charge . I commend them for standing behind the products they sell .
 Le Creuset cast iron 2 qt veggies are the best combination of art in your kitchen and a centuries old secret . . Food tastes better in enameled cast iron . . Brown it in this on the stove top . . Deglaze the pan for the intensely flavored brown bits and finish it in a mod slow oven . . The food is to die for ... ! -LRB- even smells better before you take it out as you sense thise layers of flavor . . -RRB- Enameled covered cast iron in an artistic shape that makes your fav recipes taste betterFolks rav over the foodSave your pennies This is a lifetime investmentHow many times in your past have you eaten out . . With food that is either not so good . -LRB- Or not good for us . . -RRB- stop the madness . . ! Stop with mediocre food and find one of theseYour family will thank you
 I received this tomato pot for my wedding last year , and it has not yet been put into my cupboard . I keep it out on my stove!I have made rice , potatoes , soup and sauces in it ... all to perfection . It really works and I have no complaints with it . It was actually my favorite gift , looking back . And the one I have used the most.I plan to collect as many Le Creuset items as I can ... they are beautiful , durable ... and I remember coveting my roommate 's when we were in college.For the reviewer who ca n't believe people pay $ 100 for a casserole dish
 I just received my tomato pot . The color is not as bright red as the picture shown on the web site . I 'm slightly disappointed for the color . Like the other customer 's review , the handle is not the same . Although , I like the handle I get better than the one -LRB- round one -RRB- shown on the web site . It 's a great pot to cook with , heat food uniformly and handsome to present with .
 This may not be practical for cooking -LRB- best to have your typical multi-sided grater in the kitchen -RRB- , but it 's perfect for the kitchen table . I grate parmegiano-reggiano into the cellar and leave it out during dinner , then throw plastic wrap over the remainder and refrigerate it in the container . That way it 's ready for leftovers the next day , as well.This has a fine grate that gives out half-inch long strands of cheese , so the harder the cheese you use , the better . When I first got the grater , I had a hard time getting the metal grate apart from the cellar , but it loosened a bit after that and now easily goes in and out . I 've used it several times and run it through the dishwasher with no problems.This is also a great price for an Alessi item , which is known for their finesse and fun in the world of design .
 ALESSI HAS VERY BEAUTIFUL AND HIGH QUALITY ITEMSTHIS ONE IS ONE OF THEMAN EXCELLENT ITEMWE LOVE IT VERY MUCH
 these mini song books make the perfect gift for any season ! ... was highly appreciated by all who recieved it as a gift from me !!
 This is a well made phone , built in Canada . It looks great with a see through blue case . The price may seem high for a reconditioned phone , but you would be hard pressed to find a new phone made in China that will work as well and as long as these older phones do . The ring is adjustable and plenty loud on the lowest setting . Ear volume is fixed and strong .
 The Calphalon brand is well-known for their high quality products . This pan is no exception . I use it several times a week for everything from frying eggs to pan-frying steaks . It heats quickly , cooks evenly , and is easy to clean . The cooking surface , even after lots of use , has a buttery smooth touch to it.The only downside , and this is pretty minor , is that because of the low sidewalls , there is a tendency for spatters to get all over the stove . I 'm very pleased with mine though and would comfortably recommend this pan to anyone else . Just keep some paper towels handy to wipe up the spatters !
 Nice stuff . Makes cooking even more fun . Nice price from Amazon , too .
 This is a great Skillet and I am so pleased . Service was excellent . Thank You .
 I have mixed emotions about non stick cookware . It takes forever to heat up , it never cools down , but sometimes it 's nice . I have n't had any problems with the surface coming off yet , but it 's still relatively new.If I can ever afford it I am sure that simply one calphalon would be much nicer
 It was great getting something that is good quality and also a really good price . I will purchase more soon
 This is a great griddle/fry pan . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something of this type .
 large enough to grill to sandwiches . easy to clean ... love it !
 I just got this griddle , and I was surprised by how evenly it cooks . Omlets come out light and fluffy , perfectly heated throughout . Not a a speck of egg stuck either , making for easy cleanup . Great little pan for a great price !
 I bought two of these last year for Christmas and gave one to my mom . We use ours almost daily . Nothing else cooks eggs like this pan . And , I 've got some really nice cookware.And-Mom ? She uses it too and that 's saying a lot .
 A great quality pan , especially for the price . Nice and heavy , and a dream to clean . Breakfast has never been better .
 We purchased this pan for a steal from Amazon.com . The quality is unsurpassed ! We 've used this as an omelette pan with incredible results . The `` cleanup '' is my favorite part -- virtually no effort at all . This is well worth the money !!! We 'll be looking for other Caphalon buys such as this one from Amazon.com !!!
 Great pan ! It is wonderful for everyday use because the non-stick surface is awesome . Cleans up so easily ! I recommend this pan very highly .
 I have a set of the Calphalon Commercial Nonstick and have been using it for over 4 years -LRB- Got it as a wedding gift -RRB- . I have since added new pans and accessories because I like them so much ... You get what you pay for . Go with the Calphalon Commercial or Professional Grade . The nonstick coating is excellent and so far has no signs of wear . I wholeheartedly recommend the Commercial Nonstick Pans .
 This is a great pan for frying eggs . Also good for pancakes . Pan is built to superior quality . I am convinced that this is the highest quality pan I have ever bought . Calphalon products are high end . This is not stuff you buy at your local department store .
 Bought this pan a few months back for $ 17 and have never looked back ! This pan is noticibly heavier than most pans . Do n't expect to flip anything on it without the aide of a spatula . Food heats evenly and non-stick surface keeps the food you eat healthy.This pan makes great dishes and cleanup is simple . Just do not use any brillo or any other harsh substance to clean it . If you soak the pan in hot water for 5 minutes , you can simply wipe it clean with a towel .
 Yes this is a Chinese manufactured pan -- however the only quality issue I can complain about is a slightly uneven polishing of the handle right where it is riveted to the pan . The pan itself it perfect , the nonstick coating appllied flawlessly , the anodizing on the exterior also perfect . The riveting looks to be superb as well.Like all Calphalon this pan heats evenly . This really shows with foods like pancakes , which cook beautifully and evenly . The weighting is excellent , and the handle is comfortable . Cleanup is a snap . On the minus side , the hard anodized exterior is more difficult to keep looking perfect , and has a tendency to stain . A little Bon Ami helps here.This pan is as frequently used as any one in my kitchen , and is a joy to work with . Also , with its very low sides and sweeping curved handle , it looks so much like a culinary Ferarri hanging on my pot rack amid the more pedestrian cooking utensils ! I highly recommend this pan , especially at the great Amazon Friday Sale price !
 I use this pan several times a week and was amazed at how even the heat is distributed . I primarily use this for making crepes and love how fast and perfect they cook . Initial heating of the pan may be slightly slower than other cheaper pans but once heated you can make golden crepes all morning long . The non-stick is also incredible . I use a small amount of butter on my first crepe and the pan takes care of the rest of them stick-free . This has cut down in the amount of butter/fat I use in my cooking . Calphalon is high quality .
 SUPER SUPER PAN for more than crepes or as a griddle . I have bought 8 of these in the past 3 years . I currently use two , have 2 backups and gave the other 4 as gifts . Use low heat for the fluffiest eggs , crepes are a whiz and the jumbo pancakes never burn . This pan heats evenly and at this price it can not be beat . I could have filled up the car with gas @ $ 3.11 a gallon , fought traffic and crowds and bought a competitors pan for $ 75 -LRB- on sale -RRB- downtown , but decided to get two of these for $ 20 apiece , free shipping and add a cookbook to boot for less than one pan ON SALE downtown .
 this is a very nice piece nonstick and it was the firtst piece of calphalon product that i bought . after this i am being buying a couple of them . now i own 7 pieces of commercial . it is well worthy
 Amazon shipped so fast . The pan works great and feels professional at a great price .
 Love this pan ... makes crepes so easy and it cooks fast , no sticking no mess ... wish I had bought another one so that I could cook two crepes at once so I can keep up with the eating demands of my kids !
 I 've had for two years now , and use it every day for delicate things like eggs and pancakes . It 's still fine .
 heavy duty 10 '' grill , I expected this to be a quality product , since I own other Calphalon Hard Anodized Pans and this pan lived up to my expecations . No hot spots and excellent non-stick .
 I have been cooking with Calphalon since about 1984 and I will never buy anything else . I 'll admit that they 're pricey , but you really do get what you pay for . Some of the pieces are outrageously priced , but most of the time , if you look hard , you can find it on sale or at a discount . Regardless , you 'll get your money out of this cookware , because you 'll have it for a lifetime and then some . The handles wo n't fall off and the pans clean up really good . Mine look like new , but that 's because nobody uses them but me . I wo n't ever buy anything but Calphalon .
 I bought this pan for my mom . She has since been disabled so I have been at her house cooking for her . I started using this pan and I just ca n't stop . It 's great for so many things . Like all non-stick pans , you ca n't use high heat , but it is a great heavy little pan that heats evenly . A quick clean up and it 's raring to go . I just bought one for myself !
 Calphalon is simply the best ! Cook crepes , sandwiches , eggs , or anything else in this pan .
 I am very pleased with my Calphalon pan ... it is very easy to use and clean . Makes great eggs , even managed to cook a lot of chicken tenderloins in this small pan , and they turned out beautifully . I will buy Calphalon again .
 This pan is the perfect small frying pan . It 's thick bottom heats evenly and the nonstick surface in very durable . I saute everything in it , cook sausage , heat up tortillas , you name it . I 've even put one in my camping cook set as it works great on the camp stove too . Terrific nonstick pan !
 Like others have said -- great pan for the money . I have only had it a few weeks , but I like how it heats up so quickly . The nonstick is very good too .
 I purchased this pan primarily for cooking eggs , but I found it to be versatile in handling little steaks , burgers , and grilled sandwiches . I was previously using an large stainless pan , but the easy non-stick pan just took the work out of the picture . While the All Clad works better for big saucy items that need to simmer as well as cook , this pan is much lighter and easy to use .
 I had been looking for a good griddle to make Grilled Cheese sandwiches and this one rocks !
 My wife likes this pan so much , we ordered two more for Christmas gifts for our daughters ... It is a nice size , heats evenly , and NO Stick !!
 i am very happy with my skillet . i had one in Florida and had to leave it behind when i moved to Massachusetts . the heat distributes very evenly .
 Finally , the perfect pan . It performs like advertised , imagine that . I could n't be happier be with my new kitchen necessity than I am with my Calphalon pan . What a great product . I am glad my husband found it on Amazon .
 I was intimidated by the thought of making crepes until I got this fabulous pan !! Now I feel like a master chef , my crepes are perfectly cooked , evenly colored , lovely and tender . My husband would like it if I made them every day . -LRB- Good luck with that !! -RRB- This is an excellent pan , heavy enough to heat evenly , nice length to the handle and the crepes turn easily and slide right off when they are done !
 I originally bought this pan while looking for a good crepe pan . Having experienced good quality from Calphalon before , I was happy to see this pan at such a low price . I have a large griddle that has served me well for several years now , but I decided to try this pan out for something other than crepes once , and it worked wonders ! This is now my go-to pan for a number of dishes and it holds up under multiple uses daily.Ideal for : - Crepes -LRB- make sure you have an offset spatula to reach under it despite the fairly high sides -RRB- - Pancakes - Burger patties - Omelettes - Taco tortillas - Quesadillas - French toastPros : - Excellent non-stick coating , everything slides off easily and the coating itself is very durable - Heats up faster than most non-stick pans - Even cooking across the bottom surface - Quick and easy to clean - Requires no or very little oil due to the quality of the non-stick coating - Cool grip and durable handle -LRB- does n't become loose with long-term use -RRB- - Lifetime product warranty and Amazon shipping coverage - Great price for a quality productCons : - As a non-stick pan , it still heats up slower than bare stainless or anodized aluminum and does n't produce as crisp a surface - Handle is a little thin , making it uncomfortable to lift - Pan is slightly heavy to begin with , but this weight is actually good for the even cooking -LRB- personally , it 's worth it -RRB- - Pan lip is a bit high and sharply angled for a crepe pan , necessitating an offset spatula -LRB- this is good for omelettes and french toast though -RRB- - Outer anodized aluminum surface stains easily on electric burners -LRB- but this does not affect cooking -RRB- - As a non-stick pan , you should only use plastic/nylon or other soft cooking tools with it , and you may expose food to harmful chemicalsOverall
 I have n't let my husband use this pan . He always turns the heat up too high and sprays the pans with Pam-like sprays . They always last about 6 months.The booklet for this pan says NOT to do the above , and also to take the meat out of the refrigerator about 10 minutes before cooking , so it is not so cold.I have had the pan for several months now , followed the instructions , and it is still like new . I cook steaks and chops on it , with great results . You could clean it after with a paper towel , it is so easy to clean -LRB- but I do use soap and water ! -RRB- . This pan replaced a similar one . That one had a lower handle and lower side . I liked the configuration of the older one better , but this was the closest I could find . The higher handle seems to keep the handle cool , and I have NEVER seen it get too hot to touch , or even warm , for that matter.I 've never cooked anything but steaks and chops in this pan , but for that I can heartily recommend it .
 Simply wonderful , nothing sticks at all . i dont ever use oil or sprays . eggs , bacon , and everything else slides right off.a great buy at the price . if you take care of your pan it will last a long time
 I love this pan to do so many things . It makes frying eggs and turning them over a snap .
 This is the best pan ever !! I have cooked eggs and pancakes in this pan and when you 're done you just wipe it and everything is clean . I really got my money 's worth on this product .
 I have at least a dozen frying pans but every time I reach for one -LRB- other than my old faithful cast iron -RRB- , I grab this one . This is truly a non-stick frying pan . It heats perfectly even each and every time . Clean up is an absolute snap . It is heavy , but I like that as light pans annoy me for some reason and -LRB- yes , I know it is all in my head -RRB- , but heavier pans seem to make what ever I am cooking taste better . This is one of those pans that I would hate to be without and I do take special care of it ; use no abrasive cleaners on it and soft turners . It requires no break in times as my heavy iron skillets do and is ready to go right out of the box after a quick washing . It is very attractive and goes well with my other kitchen stuff . I love this pan ! The price here is about one half of what I paid for mine at a local store .
 Excellent product . The pan has a thick bottom and evenly speads out the heat . Great for making Crepes .
 This is a heavy-gauge , shallow pan that can be used as a skillet . Have n't made crepes in it , but plan to . It 's a high-quality item .
 The only disappointment , as with all hard anodized outside surfaces , is that it stains . Be careful not to let the outside touch the oil . But otherwise , a pleasure to use , cleans up easily , and a quality pan for such a reasonable price . Love Calphalon ! And especially their promo special edition pricing to try their various cookware .
 I originally bought this pan for my mother . I recently stayed with her and had the opportunity to try the pan out . What a joy ! A non-stick pan that is truly non-stick ; heavy for the size ; nice even heating . It 's a great pan !
 ... good heavy pan and handle ... we 'll see how they hold up . Saute pans only lasted four years
 This pan is the greatest for cooking anything . Everything just slips out of the pan with hardly any grease . Actually , you do n't really need any grease , but I add some for the flavor . Calphalon says not to ever use oil spray , so I usually just put a dab of butter or olive oil .
 I 've had this pan for a little over a year now . Most non-stick pans I have owned last about that long and then need to be replaced . This one still looks and performs like new ! The surface remains unmarked , food still slides off with easy , it continues to heat evenly , and it cooks very well . I 'm quite impressed , particularly since I used it almost every day to cook egges , sausages , bacon , crepes , and other things that stick easily . I only use plastic/nylon utensils and wash with a soft sponge , of course , but even delicate handling like that has eaten other brands ... Unlike some , I actually apprciate the pan 's weight . A good , solid performer , Calphalon 's pot holds up well to heavy use . Highly recommended !
 I have used many types of saute/fry pans in the past , but this has been the best . It has more actual `` flat '' cooking surface than many larger pans that have rounded , sloped sides . It has weight and heats very evenly . And , unlike other non-stick pans , I have used it at high temperatures -LRB- to sear meats , stir fry , etc. -RRB- with no ill effects . I use this pan at least 2-3 times a day every single day -- from eggs in the morning to sauteing meats and veggies for dinner , mostly because it is EXTREMELY easy to clean . It also seems to be very rugged . I have used and abused it now for at least two years , and the pan and the non-stick surface are still in very good shape . I am in the process of ordering another one as a backup because I do n't think I could live without one of these pans if something happened to the one that I have !
 This is one of the best kitchen utensils I have bought . I loved it so much the first time that I bought another one for my household . I use it regularly for making crepes , cutlets , eggs , quesadillas and more.Pros - Cooks evenly , nonstick coating is reall goodCons - Can not be washed in the dishwasher -LRB- but it 's really easy to clean since nothing sticks to it -RRB-
 This is one amazing product !! It has been getting the most use out of all my kitchenware . So many uses , and it washes quickly and efficiently . I love Calaphan 's products , the annondized is a plus ! heats up quick and can be used for a million things.Best value !! at an awesome prize
 I like the pan ; it washes well and has a good , solid feel to it when cooking . I did n't realize just how shallow a crepe pan was , though , and wished I would have purchased a more traditional saute pan/skillet . Still , it is a multifunctional piece that cooks many things other than omelettes , pancakes , and crepes .
 I use this pan for everything from making scrambled eggs to stir fry . I love it ! Although , Calphalon can be heavy at times , this pan is substanital enough to take a beating but light enough to use everyday . If you are looking for an easy to use , easy to clean all around fry/saute pan , I would strongly suggest this one , I do n't think you will be dissapointed .
 This is our second griddle/crepe pan . When our whole family is together they always ask for my Dutch Pancakes for breakfast . Now I can make them twice as fast . The non-stick surface is great for these pancakes -- they contain lots of eggs and some sugar -- could be a stick mess , but not with my Calphalon griddles !
 I 've bought four of these pans in the last year.They are without a doubt the best skillets you can buy.I 've given them to several people.For $ 14.99 and free shipping you ca n't go wrong.A great breakfest pan !
 Since I recieved this pan , it has become my favorite pan . Easy to saute , crepe , omlette , fritatta , and so much more . I highly recomend this pan for any level of chef .
 I am a single guy and I have used this for the last 5 years in my `` kitchen ''
 Great pan for crepes or every day cooking . I 'm single and do a lot of cooking for one , and this is just perfect for everything - made crepes , pancakes , chicken , pork chops , grilled cheese , quesadillas . I 've had this about two years and use it at least four times a week . Plus , it has withstood kitchen-abusive roommates that ruined every other pan I had ! Buy it - you 'll love it !
 I have a rack and cabinet full of Calphalon and have loved using it for years and years . This is my first nonstick pan and only by the first use , it 's awesome . Although it 's disappointing to see `` Made in China '' on it , it 's the same great construction and quality . The handle seems to stay even cooler that some of the first cool touch handle pieces I 've got.My fingers are crossed that with proper care for nonstick , the surface remains as it is now but only time will tell . With any kind of coating on anything , there can be good and bad runs and I 'm hoping mine 's a good one . Crepe 's were easy to flip without any utensil , or after a slight nudge to break loose . It 's the best nonstick surface I 've ever used .
 This pan is terrific , confirming previous positive reviews . I have cooked a number of things on this pan including eggs , onions and salami so it has many uses beyond making crepes . The food does n't get burned easily and the pan is extremely easy to clean .
 Forget breakfast fare only ! I received this as a holiday gift and love it . Pancakes and eggs certainly but I have done everything - seared romaine hearts , chops , ... It heats rapidly and evenly -LSB- gas range -RSB- and cleans like a dream ! I will be purchasing more hard anodized for our kitchen .
 I have 15 pieces of Calphalon purchased over the last 5 years , mostly in the commercial hard anodized line . I 've been happy with all of them , but if I could only have 3 , I would keep the 12 '' everyday , the 21/2 qt shallow saucepan and the 10 '' commercial nonstick crepe pan.The 12 '' everyday is my favorite and the most versatile , but for perfect omlettes , crepes , tortillas or grilled sandwiches , nothing is going to beat this little gem . I 've used it quite a bit over a couple of years and have n't noticed any deterioration in the coating , although I only use nylon utensils and no abrasive cleaners.This is a must have pan .
 I have used high end cookware -LRB- including well seasoned cast iron -RRB- for years.This frying pan is the best I have ever used . Nothing - NOTHING - will stick to it . Not even my late night cooking son -LRB- never quite sure what he has concocted -RRB- has ruined the pan nor can he find anything that he can successfully , permanently burn on . You do n't need to restrict your utensils to plastic or wood either - I use metal spatulas and have not scratched the surface at all . I only wish they made it in 12 , and maybe even a 14 , inch pan . I have given it as a gift many times ... one of the best bargains out there - at least for someone who cooks ... whether they cook well or not so well : -RRB-
 I 'm 63 years old and have never had a crepe/omelet pan which performed as this one does . It has shallow slanted sides which allow easy flipping . Also , the pan is very heavy and heats evenly which results in even cooking . Since it is non-stick , it requires very little oil . Initially , I put a dab of butter in for each crepe , but found that one dab at the beginning is all I need on the first crepe . They move easily around the pan . It works equally well with omelets . It also cleans up wonderfully - the brochure says to let it cool fully before washing which I found makes a big difference . Another fact I learned in the brochure was not to use PAM or similar products as they build up and create a sticky residue . I researched crepe pans thoroughly and found a wide variety of prices -- some were $ 100 + + . This is a great buy . I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !
 After six years of flawless performance , I recently damaged the nonstick finish on this pan by using it over high heat . I knew better and it was ENTIRELY my own fault . The pan still performs fine for many tasks , but it is no longer nonstick . I love this pan so much that I am almost certainly going to buy another one to replace the one I damaged . I have no doubt that it will last a lifetime if I do n't abuse it like I did the first .
 Calphalon Commercial Nonstick 10-Inch International Griddle/Crepe PanAll Round Excellent product . If you have ever used Calphalon products then you know this is a great pan . If this is your first purchase of these , then clean out your cubbards because you will definatly be back for more and Amazon is by far the best and safest place to purchase them .
 This crepe pan is excellent , we use it for frying everything . We no longer use oil or butter to keep things from sticking , only for color and flavor . We have 2 and use them both constantly . The handle has a good feel to it , the pan has a good weight , but I can still easily hold it with one hand.Note though , do * not * put this in the dishwasher or use scratchy pads on it . Do not use metal utensils . You 'll hurt the finish and defeat the whole purpose of a good pan
 This pan has so many uses in a busy -LRB- or not so busy kitchen -RRB- . I was looking for a smaller , durable non-stick pan and this pan fits the bill . Add to it the low cost and I do n't think that there is a better pan on the market today in it 's price range . It heats evenly and since its a crepe pan , the low sides really can come in handy . The crepe pan is built to last a long time with proper care . Be sure to hand wash it , avoid range setting 's over medium high and like all non-stick pans , use only wooden or nylon utensils .
 I bought several pieces of Calphalon from Amazon in October and this piece is the absolute best of the bunch . The quality of the nonstick coating is superior , the pan is versatile and easy to use . The pan seems perfectly weighted and I love the handle . Nothing sticks to this pan and it is a breeze to clean . I like this pan so much I am seriously considering buying another one .
 I 'd been looking for a pan that would heat up tortillas , and here it is . I know this sounds stupid , but this pan lets you make great burritos . Way better than the microwave . The pan heats up quickly .
 Easy decision to endorse after using it everyday for two weeks.Easy to use -LRB- no stick -RRB- , easy to clean and I suspect I will have it for a very , very long time . It 's great when you buy something that is so well made you feel like it will be around forever , especially in the disposable age of really poorly made products .
 If a pan can rock the house , this one does - big time . I am a big fan of all Calphalon professional and commercial anodized cookware . I generally am not a fan of non-stick cookware - but this pan truly rocks the house - and the price is a STEAL . I use this pan for french toast , pancakes , grilled sandwiches , small omelettes , fried eggs , etc and it has performed flawlessly . The benefit as I see it , to non-stick cooking surface , is that you do n't have to use near the amount of fat -LRB- butter , oil -RRB- that you would with a pan w/out non-stick surface . So , if you 're watching your fat intake -LRB- and who is n't -RRB- , this is the pan for you .
 Well I finally got one of these when it appeared in my gold box for 4 washingtons less than a jackson , and boy howdy does it make some good crepes . I used the recipe from the TV show Good Eats with Alton Brown -LRB- can go find all the recipes over at Food Networks website . Definately worth the paltry amount of money requested for this pan , VERY sturdy construction , not a blemish on the non-stick surface , all in all GORGEOUS and super EFFECTIVE !
 This is a `` must have '' pan . You may buy it for crepes but it 's perfect for everyday use , from frying up a couple of eggs to grilled chees sandwiches . The weight is perfect and the nonstick finish is amazing . I have many Calphalon pans but this one is used nearly every day .
 I have had this pan for several years . It is the only pan I own that has not warped on my smooth surface cooktop . It 's great for crepes , omlettes and sautees . The handle never heats up , and the surface remains resistant to sticking . I wish they made larger pans with the same durability .
 I guess the best way to tell you how much I like and use this pan is to tell you I am buying four more , one for each of my adult kids . As a serious cook , I have never found such a useful , even cooking pan especially with my smooth top stove .
 I have upgraded my rating after using the pan every day for a month . I am giving it five stars because it is a tremendous value . I was too critical in my initial review.This is my first Calphalon pan . I purchased it primarily to use as an egg and breakfast fare pan . I wanted a good non-stick pan , because most of my other pans are stainless steel.I consider it a very good buy for the price . It has a very attractive design and the interior non-stick cooking surface appears to be very durable . However , the pan is slightly heavy and slow to reach the proper temperature compared to stainless steel . The manufacturer 's enclosed brochure says the slow warm-up is due to the non-stick surface -LRB- true of most non-stick pans -RRB- . Once it arrives at the required temperature , it performs very well . This aluminum pan is the equivalent of a permanently seasoned cast iron griddle . It produces foolproof omelets and the food never sticks . I use it to warmup chicken breasts and make grilled sandwiches too . It is the most used pan in the house , because of my passion for eggs.This product , like a few other Calphalon products I have examined , slipped past the quality control inspector . On my pan there is an interior area , smaller than a grain of rice , that was not sprayed with the non-stick coating . It is high enough on the pan where no one will ever cook on that spot , but it is there in plain sight . The lack of quality control may have something to do with the Calphalon pans being manufactured in third world countries - no offense intended . This pan is made in China . You would probably not have any trouble forgiving the stray blemish . Especially , when you consider this pan 's beauty , functionality , and price.Here is my list of PROS and CONS for this purchase.PROS : - Good price . - Excellent non-stick surface - appears to be very durable too . - Excellent stain resistant exterior . - Cool & comfortable handle . - Attractive appearance . - Lifetime warranty.CONS : - Slow to warm up , because of the non-stick surface . - Fairly heavy pan - you wo n't flip anything without a spatula - think griddle . - Quality control at Calphalon could be better . - The handle is beautiful , but the finish on the handle and rivets are not as refined as some of the more expensive cookware brands . However , it has no impact on the cooking.Conclusion
 I picked up this Commercial Nonstick skillet along with several other pieces of Calphalon 's open stock collection , and I have been impressed with every piece I 've gotten . This is great for burgers as well as omeletes and pancakes . About the only `` problem '' with it is that I 'm not accustomed quite yet to the high quality found in Calphalon , and I did n't expect the burgers to brown on a non-stick surface as quickly as they did , so I wound up with two rather rare burgers as a result of fearing that I would burn them . Now that I see how Calphalon 's nonstick line cooks , I have had more success , and now I have beautifully cooked hamburgers every time.This is nonstick , so you do have to treat it with kid gloves , but as long as you use nylon or wooden utensils , do not overheat the pan , and do n't run it through the dishwasher , this pan should last you a lifetime . I 'm so glad I bought this , because I know that Calphalon 's line of Collector 's Edition products are only available for a limited time each year . I 'm glad I did n't miss out on this beauty before it was gone forever !
 This Calphalon Commercial Nonstick `` Collector 's Edition '' 10-Inch International Griddle/Crepe Pan is from the newest line of Calphalon 's nonstick cookware . The `` Commercial '' nonstick finish on the inside of these pans is very durable as long as one uses wooden , nylon , or good plastic cooking utensils with them and keeps the heat below 400 degrees -LRB- medium-high -RRB- . This 10-inch pan is the perfect size for making crepes , without any need for butter in the pan . The crepes cook quickly and evenly , so it is easy to prepare a lot of them for blintzes or crepes suzette . Also you can make buckwheat blinis or use it as a small griddle for silver dollar pancakes or a grilled cheese sandwich.Since this pan has a beautiful stainless steel handle , it will stay cool to the touch . Calphalon recommends hand-washing of this pan . It will make a wonderful addition to your collection or a nice gift for a friend .
 I have some of the finest cookware and lots of it being a former chef , but this is by far the best little pan I have.I use this one everyday . I can tell you that this pan is a little workhorse . Do n't let the title fool you . This is more than a griddle/crepe pan . You can do Bacon , Scrambled Eggs , Cornbread , Omelettes , Pancakes , Sausage & Peppers , Fry Pork Chops , Steaks
 We do n't eat a lot of crepes at home here in Texas . But we do eat eggs , and omlettes . I am from the old omlette school that they should be folded over in thirds , to look like a burrito , rather than folded in half as most high volume establishments do today . When you fold the omlette into thirds the trick is to put the plate on top of the pan , and in a quick motion turn it upside down to let the omlette fall on the plate , browned on the outside , and tenderly juicy in the interior . Problem , the eggs invariably stick to the pan.Not with this baby . The omlettes are evenly browned from stem to stern . They fall onto the plate with no sticking . The balance of this pan is great for handling the turn out . The size is perfect for a three egg omlette . This is a must have for omlette lovers . It is also perfect for scrambled eggs . The base allows an even heat distribution at very low heat so you can cook the eggs slowly and get what my kids call `` juicy eggs . `` Forget crepes . This is a real egg pan.Bob Hardy
 I collect cooking pans , it seems . I have at least one of every type . And I have more than my fair share of ` non stick ' cookware . A standing joke in my kitchen is that ` nothing is so difficult to clean as a non-stick surface ' because food clings more tenaciously than to any stainless , enamel , or cast iron surface . And you can never improve the situation because cooking oils do not wet the non-stick surface . In short , your non-stick pan accumulates grime until you take a chisel to it . I do n't know about you , but even though I 'm an engineer , I 'm not prepared to re-manufacture my cooking pans every several weeks . Not an issue with this pan!The Calphalon Commercial series of pans finally measures up to the dream of non-stick ; namely , things do n't stick . Nothing does . Ever.The aluminum is thick and the thermal conduction across the bottom of the pan is superb . I know this because I cook things that require it and I do that cooking on a cheapo gas stove that only heats the center of the pan.I have had this pan for five or six years and I use it regularly . The coating is slick and easy to clean , always . The stainless steel handle is the most comfortable of all pan handles I 've used . Because of its design and construction it is also one of the coolest . I normally do not get excited about handles on cookware , but this one is a work of art . Bravo!The pan can be used in the oven to 450F , but this is not so much of an issue with this particular item . -LRB- Those nifty handles , because of their heavy construction , can deliver serious burns . BE CAREFUL . -RRB- Technically , one is not supposed to wash this in the dishwasher . And I do n't want to be the one who told you so , but I wash mine in the dishwasher every week or two just to keep the scuzzy-factor under control . And - unlike some other more expensive brands I own - I have experienced no problems as a result . This would be a good value at list but I see it 's going for a lot less . If you do n't choose this pan , at least buy a Calphalon Commercial normal 10 inch omelet pan . No kitchen should be without . You 'll never look back.The downside of non-stick cooking is that there is no fond stuck to the pan and so good pan-sauces are impossible . In a pan used exclusively for omelets and crepes this is a non-issue . You just want non-stick properties . Read more about this issue in selecting pots and pans at ChefHome.com .
 This pan rocks ! Last christmas I received a set of Calphlon Hard-Anodized pots & pans . I used the pan for eggs one time and that was it , never again . While shopping for other gifts I saw this pan at a large fashion retailer based out of MN . It was on sale and had the non-stick coating . So I bought it , because I knew the other pans would n't work for a lot of my cooking . I absolutely love this pan . I can warm the pan with out any oil , butter , or non-stick spray , drop an egg on it and it does n't stick . I have yet to find anything that sticks to this surface . As far as durability , I have used it for a almost a year now , it does have a couple knicks -LRB- due to my wife using metal utensils -RRB- , but for the most part it is flawless . All in all , the best non-stick pan for that price .
 I love this pan ! It heats very evenly so you do n't have to cook at such a high heat setting . If you do -LRB- out of habit -RRB- then you might just burn your food ... Clean up is the easiest of any non-stick pan I 've ever had . You wo n't regret buying this . Only thing I do n't like is the sides of the pan are sloped , not straight so you ca n't cook much that requires a lot of water , oil , etc. . So , I 'm gon na buy another one with straight sides so I can cook my southern recipes that need lots of oil ...
 Really nice product . Size is good , heats and cooks evenly , non-stick works well and is durable .
 The non stick finish on this pan is so slippery you can actually flip eggs in it . It takes a while to heat up but the pan heats very evenly . Those folks who have problems with non stick finishes may be putting their pans in the dishwasher -- which the directions for this pan warn you not to do .
 I love all my calphalon pots , pans , and bakeware . Best set I have every owned or used . Even heat , easy clean up , I have never made reductions as easily as I have in these pots & pans.The fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top . I paid $ 19.99 for this when I bought a few other pieces . Got free shipping & $ 25.00 off the order.I can not imagine anyone having any complaints about these unless they are perhaps a professional chef with other personal preferences
 i bought this pan after many years of cooking with the same crappy t-fal pans i 've had since college . at this price , why ever by crappy pans again ? we 've used it for all manner of eggs and crepes and pancakes - it heats evenly and the nonstick surface is a dream .
 Pro 's - Non-stick , great for making omelettes , crepes and pancakes , a quality product!Con 's - slightly heavy -LRB- not a problem for me , but just to be aware -RRB- , takes time to heat up !
 Just a great little gem - From crepes to omelets - It 's a real handy little work horse indeed . You will not be dissapointed and the price is right !
 I have used this pan for over a month -LRB- almost every day -RRB- . This is as good as it gets . It truely has a solid feel , and will not allow any thing to stick ! There is no better product for any price
 THIS `` SKILLET '' is go good that I sometimes have to use two of them on the stove at one time . I use it for crepes , for frying eggs , making omelets , for steaming frozen chicken strips -LRB- with a lid over it -RRB- , for frying hominy , `` baking '' frozen fish on top of the stove with a lid over it , for pancakes , and more ! With three or four of us to feed , I sometimes have to have two pans going at once . Absolutely nothing sticks to it ! My father-in-law taught me a long time ago that you could judge a really good pan first by the thickness of the pan itself . Well , this one passed the test . Secondly by how evenly it heats . It surely passed that one . In total , I 've bought nine of these , and they 've made great gifts ! There have been absolutely no drawbacks on this pan whatsoever . We searched out crepe pans in Quebec when we were there enjoying crepes , and we thankfully passed up the $ 60 and $ 85 crepe pans we checked out during our trip . When we got back and got on line , we found these and ordered our first one . That one proved to be a gem and we got more ! This one is tremendous . You owe it to yourself to get at least two ! And by the way , the handle really does stay cool while the pan gets hot !!!! Amazing ! Jan Isaacs , New Albany , IN
 This skillet is great for crepes , pancakes and omelettes ! I do n't even have to grease . The pan heats uniformly and clean up is a breeze !
 I just about did not buy this when I came across it on Amazon . I mean . . why do I need another pan . But I did , and I am so glad . We make omelets a lot and I always grab this pan . It is so much easier than a regular fry pan . And clean up is a breeze .
 I needed a new small frypan for cooking eggs and crepes since my old `` nonstick '' Scanpan was just terrible for these . Eggs in particular just stuck all over it . What a pleasure it is to use this pan ! Do n't even need to grease it , they just slide right out . Cleanup is a breeze as well , and you do need to clean them by hand as dishwashers can damage the surface . Not a problem with these , takes about a minute to rinse it out ! The size is perfect to do a couple eggs , and heats up quickly on my gas stove . I will definitely look into getting other pans from this line .
 I have avoided nonstick pans for years , since they alwaysdisappoint me when using them for general cooking , but thispan is great . It does all the good things that non-stick pansare supposed to do , but it also browns evenly and just doesan overall great job , especially for the price ! I am now onthe lookout for additional Calphalon pans .
 This is a really great crepe pan . Even if you 've never made crepes before -LRB- actually , the first time I ever did was with this particular pan -RRB- -- you will feel like a cooking god/goddess .
 A good addition to your cookware at a great price . If you like omelets , the 10 '' pan is a good choice . As with all the Calphalon pieces I own , it heats evenly and the food comes out perfect every time .
 The sides of this pan make flipping over omelets a breeze ! The non-stick interior is a snap to clean off , not like some other `` pricey '' brands on the market !!
 Great nonstick surface . Pan conducts heat very well . The medium or medium-high setting is all you will need to use on your stovetop . Handle stays cool even after prolonged cooking . Be careful not to grab the handle too close to the pan or you may feel some heat . Easy clean up . Be sure to use plastic/nylon utensils only ! Anything else will scratch the surface .
 We own a calphalon 1210 crepe pan and a 1390 10 '' saute pan and love the surface . No chipping etc. . Our one complaint and it is a big one is the handle which is very awkward and difficult to hold . It is a poor ergonomic design . We would hesitate to buy larger frying pan from them unless they fixed the poor handle design .
 I have had two of these for a year now and after using about 3 times a week , I can tell a difference in performance.Mostly used to cook breakfast , you know the healthy stuff , bacon , eggs and hashbrowns.Foods are starting to stick a little.If they stay like this , it 'll be O.K.I can only envision what happens to teflon pans , because that 's all I 've had in the past . . getting worse , but these are not teflon.Hope they hold out .
 I wonder how I ever cooked without this pan . The perfect size for cooking for two or for meal preps . I use this every day and not just for crepes . Nothing sticks to the pan and easy clean up . I rate this five stars and a must for the every day cook .
 bought it , tried it , love it , if they make them better than this , i ca n't imagine it . looks great , works great , feels great , easy to clean , could n't ask for better cook ware
 If you like to make eggs with little or no butter/margarine , this is a great pan . I have tried many different pans with no luck until I found this one . You do n't need much oil -LRB- I use olive oil with a brush for making eggs -RRB- . And nothing sticks , clean up is easy and the pan is solid . The price is great for such a nice quality pan .
 The griddle pan appealed to me due to its commercial nonstick surface which has rave reviews for durability and function . For the price you ca n't go wrong.It has a nice weight , evenly heats , and only takes a simple swipe of a soapy dishcloth to clean up.Food is well contained in the pan due to the lip edge , allowing for more uses than just pancakes or crepes . I use it for eggs , pancakes , quick saute of one or two chicken breasts , or a small amount of vegetables.Perfect size for a small family , too small if cooking for more than 3 people at a time . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I am very happy with this crepe pan . I 've used it with crepes , eggs , burgers , and for sauteeing . The handle is too slender for flipping crepes , esp considering the weight of the pan , so I have to wrap the handle with a kitchen towel to get the kind of comfrtable , sure grip needed for flipping .
 THIS IS NOT A CHEAP CRAPPY PAN.IF YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT PANS READ THE REVIEWS AND TAKE THERE ADVISE , I DID.I LOVE MAKING SCRAMBLED EGGS THAT LOOK LIKE THE KIND YOU GET IN RESTAURANTS -LRB- YOU KNOW THE ONE -RRB- BUT MY OLD PANS KEPT BURNING THEM :-LRB- UNTIL I GOT THESE ... BINGO.I GAVE IT 4 STARS BECAUSE THE HANDLES ARE TO THIN AND IF YOURE NOT CAREFUL YOU 'LL TIP YOUR FOOD OVER.THATS ALL THERE IS TO IT , GET IT BEFORE THE BRING IT BACK TO THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PRICE .
 I got it last year , one for my mom & one for myself . After 1 year of usage , every weekend for breakfast , I still have n't seen any wear from the surface . Although it made in China , it still consider a Good Buy with the quality .
 This pan is super for eggs , sauces , pan-frying , pancakes . I love it so much , I bought a second one as a gift for a relative who loves to cook and used mine when visiting . Great deal , too .
 This pan is amazing . It takes a bit longer to heat up but NOTHING sticks to the surface . I use it every day ... wipe it out or wash it and use it again . Worth every penny you spend on it .
 I ordered this after I read a review in the NY Times about clad pots and pans . Calphalon was rated third , but the first two were priced way out of my range . I have been very satisfied with the product . You can use metal utensils and it does n't scratch . I have since ordered more pieces . Amazon 's prices for these products make them affordable for everyone .
 Bought this pan in 2006 , I use it more than any other pot or pan I have and the non-stick coating still works as well as the day I bought it . I got it for 19.99 on Amazon . I 'm quite happy with it and if I had the money would buy it in a couple more sizes .
 I have owned this pan for around maybe 5 years now and it is incredible . It is my go to pan for almost everything . My kids have mistakenly put it in the dishwasher a few times so the outside is not pretty but it does n't get in the way of the durable non-stick surface . I would recommend this as an essential part of any kitchen . It would be a great wedding gift .
 I originally bought this pan to make crepes , but so far I 've only used it to make eggs and pancakes , but it did the job .
 The Best egg/omlet , crepe pan I have ever used . I have been a ACF certified Chef and Master Baker for 20 years . I have been in the hospitality and institutional food service indrustry for over 40 years , This Calphalon 10 inch Griddle/Crepe pan exceed my exceptations !!!! I will be giving this product as Christmas gifts to my 6 children and my 4 brothers and sisters . Blessing to all that might read this for
 I bought this pan 5 or 6 years ago and it is by far the pan I use the most . Its surface is excellent non-stick and only needs a light spray of oil for any job . Makes perfect 2-egg omelets , 2-slice French toast , and grilled cheese sandwiches like a dream . I use it to saute baby asparagus with olive oil , crushed garlic and white pepper using a lid from another piece of cookware I have and it is amazing . Here 's another tip
 Calphalon C1210P Commercial Nonstick 10-Inch International Griddle/Crepe PanThis pan retails for around $ 88 -LRB- much more than the Amazon price . -RRB- I was n't expecting a vast difference since I 'd tried other non-stick pans before . Wow ! There really is a difference . We used it to cook pancakes and omelets . They slid around the pan like a melting ice cube and I had to slow down my hand movements . I had no problem flipping the food , needless to say . I used less oil than expected , probably half . The finish is lovely -- with subtle metallic sparkles . Make sure to note the finish you order -LRB- in this case commercial nonstick -RRB- , since the directions/care instructions that come with the product list five different finishes , all with different handling requirements . The 10 inch is smaller than a standard fry pan and the product is not deep , so it works best for smaller families or moderately proportioned meals . This product is a joy to use ... and to keep maintained with its original luster/finish . -LRB- Best to hand wash -RRB- .
 Outstanding pan , exactly what I hoped for when I made the purchase . Nonstick surface is very effective . Low price means when the nonstick starts to loose its effectiveness , you can replace this without much worry .
 It had been about 10 years since I had made crepes one other time and the crepes came out perfect thus it is easy to use . It was also easy to clean which made my husband happy ; he does the dishes . I enjoyed the price of the pan too since it was on sale and calphalon pans are generally expensive . I was extremely pleased with the pan .
 This is a great everyday pan ... I 've made omelette 's , sauteed a bunch of veggies and even made sauces in it . I 've even made crepes in it but I would still prefer the flat version of the crepe pan for easier flipping .
 We have the 10 piece Calphlon stainless steel collection . However , I make these fried tacos that always stuck to the pan , so I decided to buy the non-stick griddle pan . GREAT ! You can use it for anything . It 's very heavy and nice quality . I can use this for cooking hamburger meat , scrambled eggs , etc. . Good price compared to department stores . I also feel more like a chef , since this pan is `` commercial '' .
 works great for sauteing chicken , making eggs , and basically anything else you can use a shallow pan for
 I was very pleased with this griddle/crepe pan . it works great with almost anything that you need to cook on the stove . It is thinner than the other Calphalon pans but works great for omelets and such .
 A very unique piece of cookware . It is excellent for eggs and oven
 This is an excellent product . It is easy to use and easy to clean . I have been very pleased with each Calphalon product I have bought .
 I do n't do a whole lot of cooking these days , but if I do I usually use this pan . Making omelettes is simple even for a novice like me . It heats evenly and quickly and nothing sticks to it -LRB- I 've had it for 5 months now -RRB- . Grilled Ham & Cheese never tasted better . Easy to clean too , which is always a bonus if you 're doing dishes by hand .
 I have never bought really good cookware before ; it was always a passing thought while grocery shopping . The pans would never last , burn , and clean up always needed a jackhammer . I thought the phrase `` non-stick '' was a joke ... until this pan.I will never own anything but Calphalon again ! This pan heats evenly , quickly , and boy is it the definition of NON-STICK . It wipes clean ! For the 1st time in my life I flipped an egg!This pan is versatile enough for everyday use you will love it too , give it a chance .
 I 've been using this pan for several months now , and I 've been extremely pleased with it . The non-stick coating seems to be durable so far , and it 's the first pan that I 've successfully been able to fry an egg in without adding oil or butter.Heat is perfectly distributed once it warms up . Do n't expect to flip it around unless you have very well developed wrists - it 's heavy . But I like the solid heft , and the handle is comfortably cool . The low sides make it easy to turn eggs , pancakes and grilled sandwiches .
 I ca n't believe I 'm writing my first review about a piece of cookware ... but that 's how much I like this pan . Best pan in the house -- and there 's A LOT of them ! I 'm almost tempted to buy another , especially at such an incredible price.I 've never made crepes , but I do make several European-style `` pancakes '' which have a very thin batter and can be tricky to get just right . With this pan I get fantastic results every time ... and its so easy!The pan does heat up slowly , but once its at the desired temperature , the heat is very even and well-distributed . No fumbling with the burner knob , no under - or over-cooking , no food waste . Simply a joy to use.I find myself reaching for this pan when making omelettes , grilled sandwiches , quesadillas and much more . Its hard to resist `` easy to use , perfect results , simple to clean ! ''
 I bought this pan to replace a typical stainless steel one I burnt last Christmas Eve while making one of our traditional dishes -- an type of crepe . The traditional method of making these crepes included pouring a small amount of oil on the pan and then draining it off , before adding the batter for each crepe . It was a time consuming process . This year , after making my first few crepes with THIS pan , I realized that I did not need to oil the pan first . Every crepe came out perfectly and NONE of them stuck to the pan . This is an amazing pan ! My crepes received more compliments than I ever remember and they took less time and less effort . What else is there to say .
 this pan made a Calphalon fan of me . Never sticks , easy to wash . Not as heavy as I thought it would be . Thehandle does not get hot . I am ordering more for Christmas gifts .
 This pan is great ! We have others that are n't non-stick and love them as well . This works great for eggs and omelets . I love using it . It 's worth the money to not use spray or butter . Thanks !
 I gave this pan to my niece for a gift and she told me yesterday that she uses it for everything ! It is her favorite pan ! Heats evenly and makes crepe disasters a thing of the past !
 My wife loves all her Calphalon pans . I had to buy her 4 more once she got this one and began to use it . Amazon was the best priced place to get them also . Much cheaper than our local stores .
 Got this on sale and it was an exceptional value . Beautiful finish , can go in the oven , great for Saturday morning omletts .
 I use this Calphalon pan almost exclusively . It 's a joy to cook with and the handle is expertly designed . Great product and great price .
 This is such a versatile pan that I rarely use any of my other skillets anymore . I 've had mine for a couple of years , but I just bought four more so that I 'll have one of these for many years to come . It 's a great size - substantial construction , but not so big and heavy that it 's a pain to handle . I use it for everything - eggs , meats , grilled cheese , etc. . The non-stick coating works very well and is quite durable . I 'm retiring my first pan after two years of almost daily use , including frequent abuse by family members who do n't comprehend that you should n't use metal utensils on non-stick . :-RRB- Great pan , unbeatable price . You 'd easily pay $ 100 + for comparable skillets .
 I love all of my calphalon -LRB- mostly hard annondized -RRB- . I got this one -LRB- nonstick -RRB- to make egg crepes and now use it all the time . It 's great to cook in and cleans up easily . I have given this pan as a gift too . The receiver usually has no idea how great a gift it is until they have used it for a bit . If you need a nonstick , this is the one to have
 I have a large aluminum crepe pan made in Denmark . It has made fantastic crepes for me for over thirty-five years . This Calphalon pan works justs as good and never needs oil added to the pan since there is a little in the batter . It 's heart-healthier . Plus , I like the smaller size for snack and breakfast crepes .
 Best pan I 've ever bought ! Works beautifully for crepes omelettes etc with little or no fat
 I 've been a sworn fan of T-Fal for years and could n't afford Calphalon until they put this on sale . This pan is fantastic . It will not stick and it 's not a coating that will eventually wear off . It 's incorporated with the metal . I got the huge stock pot and filled it with my soup yesterday and it actually does wipe clean ! Probably will never wash the skillet again . Just wipe it out and it 's done . It 's expensive but catch it on sale here . Your children and grandchildren will inheirit these pans .
 I 've only had this pan for about a month but it hasbeen an excellent performer . I bought it mainly to makescrambled eggs & omelettes . They just slide right out . Youdo n't need to use any oil at all . The pan seems like it willlast a long time as long as you only use plastic utensils .
 This is a great little griddle . I just ordered another one for my daughter for Christmas . Very sturdy and I did not have any flaws on mine as reported by others . The nonstick surface is excellent .
 I plan on buying more . My husband said he wants me to throw away all my other pans and only buy these Calphalon ones from now on .
 This nonstick pan has been holding up well , ours still looks like new after months of use . I am confident it will hold up for many years of use and abuse . Like other reviewers have mentioned , it does warm up somewhat slowly but this is to be expected of such a heavy non-stick pan .
 Several months ago , I bought this pan for myself . I love it ! Omelettes , pancakes , grilled sandwiches , and especially scrambled eggs turn out PERFECTLY ! This Christmas I bought one for each of my children and they were thrilled . `` Hey , look ! Mom got us that PAN ! `` Keep the heat on medium , because once it 's warmed up , it really cooks ! Cleans up in seconds , too.One of the best purchases I 've made this year .
 This is a high quality pan with a good weight to it . It 's great for making perfect eggs . I am going to buy one for my mom and another one for myself because for this price you would normally get a flimsy pan where the coating wears off and everything sticks .
 I like it a lot . It has weight to it and sits flat on the burner . Cooks evenly and quickly using a lot less heat - about half of what other pans use . Handle does n't get that hot at all . Did n't need any butter , food did not stick to the surface . Very easy to clean .
 This is a great pan with a great non-stick surface . I have used it to make omelets and fry eggs and it does a fantastic job . With the sale price on Amazon , this is really a great deal !!
 The pan is thick enough that it does not wrap during heating . The cooking oil stays evenly around the whole pan before dropping ingredients.Our first one worn out around a year of use . We are at a second one , with a third one as a spare for next year . With its price and performance , there is no regret replacing one when the coating is damaged by chance .
 The perfect size for a crepe , omelet , or simply to fry two eggs . The non-stick surface releases easily .
 Good addition to any cooks hardware . The price was right for this non-stick cookware . Probably would n't use the entire set .
 I have many other Calphalon pans that I love that I have had for many years . They are not nonstick , so I decided to buy one nonstick pan mainly for eggs . -LRB- I generally hate nonstick -RRB- . After two years of almost constant use , this is now my go to pan . It used to be the Calphalon 10 inch , but now I use this all the time . No issues at all .
 Picked this up as a clearance item for $ 20 . Years later the finish is perfect , non-stick still perfect . This pan with it 's low sides is a little unusual , but works better than a lot of other pans . Nice contruction , thick materials to hold heat and spread it evenly . No lid is the only drawback . standard lids do n't fit either .
 We use this several times a week , for eggs , pancakes , crepes ... it does them all . Cleanup is a breeze . I usually just wipe it down with a paper towel , but if necessary we hand wash with a cloth , no scouring . Cooks evenly , every time .
 Calphalon products are expensive but worth every penny.We 've had this pan for a few weeks and it gets daily use . So handy for a variety of tasks.The non-stick surface is truly non-stick . It heats evenly and cleans easily .
 I began using this crepe pan for omelettes at my friend 's place as this was his only available pan during his kitchen renovation . I 've never used a pan that makes such beautiful , tender and evenly cooked eggs . The flat bottom and even heat distribution make the difference . I 've found the nonstick surface has such excellent release that it even works with NO OIL if you happen to be on a fat restrictive diet.I do preheat it for a while and use it on low heat , which takes a bit longer than what you 'd normally expect with most pans that recommend cooking eggs on med/high . The slightly longer wait is worth it!Unfortunately Calphalon has discontinued this item , but it 's still available through Amazon.com . I 've already purchased two -LRB- if you 're cooking for a few people it 's nice to be able to make more than one omelette/crepe at once -RRB- , and plan to buy a few more as gifts as the price is amazing .
 The pan is easy to use and easy to clean . The surface seems to be durable enough to stand up for many years
 I am been using this product for last five years . I am very satisfied with the product . Since I have fiberglass cooking range only on this griddle I can make fresh totias -LRB- Indian Roti -RRB- . Because it gets very hot the cover starts peeling after about six months that 's the only problem .
 I bought this pan while on vacation in Quebec city . I got online and ordered it from the apartment we rented , because I had seen the prices of crepe pans in the city . They were horrific . This pan has been fantastic . I own two . My mother bought 5 -LRB- one for my brother , two for herself and two for gifts -RRB- . I turned around and bought 5 more for gifts . I 've got a group of friends I met in france in college . This christmas they 're each getting one of these pans . I 'd recommend these without hesitation . They 're actually great for other foods two . They were good for omelettes and eggs . I even cooked canned chicken dumplings in it the other night . Cleans like a breeze . Buy , buy , buy !
 I bought two skllets from Amazon . com , I could not beleive the quality of the pans and the price was out of this world.I am more than satisfied and will buy every thing I need from Amazon
 You will find so many uses for this pan that you will be reaching for it constantly . It is the right size for a quick fried egg , a quesadilla , a grilled sandwich , you name it . Clean up is a snap . Love this pan .
 I bought this little Calphalon gem in November of last year , and it has quickly become the ONLY pan I 'll use for frying eggs . It 's hefty , but not heavy . The clean-up is an absolute dream . Worth every penny , and I did n't even have to use too many of those !
 Been using this pan for about 9 months and still is my favorite pan . . I cook everything on it and has still held up . The non-stick surface on this thing is outstanding.Great little pan .
 My husband and I registered for this item at the Bon-Macy 's and we recieved it at my bridal shower . When we registered for it , I really hoped someone would buy it , because I love to make crpes ! Since we 've received it though , it 's become one of our favorite pans , and not just for crpes either ! The non-stick surface is fabulous , great for eggs , french toast , crpes -LRB- of course -RRB- , grilled cheese sandwiches , saut&eacute;ing anything , and much more.The only thing I regret is that our wonderful friend who got it for us had to pay much more at the Bon - Amazon 's prices are great !
 My 2 older teenagers , always hungry , cook with this pan daily and , although it 's not looking new anymore , it is still an excellent , very useful pan . They use it to fry an egg , saute some sausage , whip up a single serving of hash browns , or grill a cheese sandwich . It 's also made preparing crepes a pleasure -- the crepes slide right out . The pan is quick to clean , and still retains it 's non-stick qualities after constant use for more than 2 years . I am just about to order a second pan for my daughter to take with her to college .
 i purchased this item to use it just for crepes , and i love it . however , i do n't use it for anything else besides crepes , and i make sure no harsh detergents are used when i clean it . but it still has the non stick coating , and it really cooks well . the heat is distributed very evenly . i love it ! and at this new price , it 's a steal ! i may have to purchase another !
 Honestly , I would marry this pan if it would clean up after itself . Oh wait , it practically does ... The invitations are in the mail!This pan makes picture perfect pancakes , it heats up in a flash , and it cleans like a dream . A great investment .
 The sides are just the right height to get at the food with having them come outing looing like a bunch of Pick-up-sticks ! It 's definately better for my cholesterol . I 've recently moved to the south and it is my opinion the they would die down here if it was n't for salt and grease ! This pan helps cut out the grease .
 I just bought my second one I use it as an omlet , french toast pan.It Works , and lasts first one is two years old
 Great quality . Nice size . Uniform heating . Must be very careful not to scratch .
 in-fact i started cooking more once i bought this pan . very good quality and a little overpriced . but it does wwell what it is supposed to do . cook without any mess .
 I love this pan . I have been using it for everything . The handle is very comfortable and the nonstick is excellent quality . It 's a best buy .
 Nice addition to the set , and cooks perfectly .
 I love this pan . Just as I expected - nonstick and easy to clean .
 We use this mainly for omlets . But crepes cook great in it too . It cleans up like a charm . Very easy to use . I love this pan .
 Use it every day to cook omelettes . The nonstick is still on and in pretty good shape , though the thing is over two years old . Its nice and thick , so even though its aluminium it holds heat pretty well . The rivets are hard to clean , but that 's standard for riveted cookware . I 'd definitely buy it again , for twice as much .
 I make a lot of crepes -LRB- idian style -RRB- and it is hard to find a low , flat pan that conforms to my environmental standards . The Calphalon pan is just perfect . It is not too heavy and the non-stick surface is very hardy . I have used non-abrasive scotchbrite on it and it take that well . It heats evenly and my crepes brown beautifully . The handle does stay cool as advertized . I am a Calphlon fan and love my new pan !
 We use this pan SO often that I just bought a second one , and also have given one to each of my grown kids for their kitchens . The non-stick coating is nearly rock-solid , and it is perfect for eggs , a grilled sandwich , oh-so-many other uses . I wish it came with a top , but I have a saucepan with a top that fits it well enough for when I am grilling a sandwich .
 # 1 pan that I now use . Great for the oven , from stove top to oven . Just 2 people now , great size .
 Love this Griddle ! This is the easiest pan to clean , cooks throughly and evenly with no problem at all .
 Got this for my older parents who have weight issues with pans ... they love all their Calphalon ... but the weighty pans can be a bother . This pan is only 3 pounds ... my parents say it is excellent .
 I 've searched for awhile for the perfect pan for crepes . This pan is awesome ! I just got it about a week ago , and so far I love it . I 've cooked pancakes , crepes , and homemade hamburgers -LRB- not all at the same time ! -RRB- without using any fat to keep them from sticking . Everything just glides around without any stickiness.I do suggest reading the intstructions that come with it . Has good suggestions on the heat , and care instructions that I imagine are conducive to a long pan life .
 Wow , I love using this pan and will be adding to my Calphalon collection for years to come . Non-stick surface is terrific and a no fail product .
 Repeat purchase of this handy little pan ; it 's used everyday at our house.Calphalon Commercial Nonstick 10-Inch International Griddle/Crepe Pan
 This is a truely non-stick pan . Pancakes cook with no oil and without sticking ; eggs too after they firm up a bit . The pan is a bit on the heavy side . Not a problem unless you like to tilt the pan to get even crepes ; even at that it is a really nice pan .
 Easy cleaning , great size for saute of onions , garlics and other vegetables . Good size for pancakes . This is a perfect size for omelates . If you have a small family , this pan is the perfect size for you . Remmember to heat the pan first , when it becomes warm , add the oil , or butter .
 Perfect pan for eggs and sausage -- and I got a great deal , 17.99 .
 I ordered 2 , but one came with scratches and chips , so there was roughly a 50 % chance of getting a good one . Amazon for some reason wo n't do exchanges on these , and required me to pay shipping to return the defective one -LRB- and I think they charged me for a portion of the `` free shipping '' since I returned the pan as defective -RRB- . The policy seems targetted at making sure these pans do n't come back to them : - / . For the one that arrived like new , it is working nicely , and filling the void between an 8 inchh and a 12 inch that came with a Calphalon set . Note that this pan does have a more abrupt corner around the bottom between the bottom cooking surface and the sides . It is not quite as severe as say a cooking pot , which has a 90-degree bend between teh bottom and the wall , but it is not the gradual curve that I have on my 8 and 12 inch frying pan . For the price -LRB- I got it around $ 25 per pan from Amazon -RRB- , it is hard to beat.Only warning is to be wary of defects , and be warned that Amazon will not own up to replacing defective pans from Calphalon . -LRB- They said they would exchange other products , but they do n't do it for Calphalon -RRB- .
 My husband hates it because it is not nonstick . But I love it . It is nice and heavy and spreads the heat well . I love to cook with butters and creams and it gives a nicer texture to the food . If I soak it , I do n't have any trouble cleaning it . This is a pan that will last forever , no worries about scratches , and I ca n't imagine one that would work better .
 Bought this thinking I might try some crepe making . I use this pan for everything & still have n't tried crepes . It is the best egg fixin ` pan I have . The short sides make easy turning . I fry fat free & this is a real help in doing that . Spray & fry .
 I love this pan . It is a Calphalon Nonstick 10-Inch Griddle/Crepe Pan . I use it occasionally because I use different pans for different foods that I may be cooking . It is a welcome item in my kitchen and if used according to directions for it 's use it works wonderfully well .
 I ca n't comment on long-term durability , but for the first two months it 's been getting daily use . Heats quickly , effective non-stick coating . No complaints .
 I love it , it 's a great product . My husband and I use it every day .
 The pan works well for a couple or single person . Its heavy construction means it retains heat well . The raised sides keeps wet ingredients from slopping out onto the range and the nonstick surface cleans quickly.The heft is good and that , as much as anything else , makes this a pan that I like to use .
 I have used many different frying pans through the years for making Swedish pancakes and this is the best ! Excellent ! I like it so much I 'm going to buy a 2nd one . : - -RRB-
 Excelent distribuition of heat ... . the pancakes and crepes are perfectly cooked ... It is a calphalon ... you can not go wrong . Except for the overprice , I am satisfy with the product .
 It has met every expectation . I wanted a pan for eggs or pancakes that would not stick and was easy to clean . Since the pan heats evenly it truly improves the way everything cooks . We also have a nice stainless steel pan which has it 's purpose , but I prefer to use the Calpahlon Nonstick , because of the easy clean-ups .
 I own a number of these pans . Crepes , here we go . Also useful for as a general purpose pan - I like it being shallow . Very good non-stick surface , seems in a great shape after 1/2 year of use.Update July 2012
 This pan has so many uses . I have made the best omelettes . It never sticks and is so easy to clean . I would strongly recommend Caphalon Non-stick to anyone who cooks .
 This Griddle Is Wonderful.I Have wanted to purchase some of the CalphalonCookware for a long time.I am sure glad i did.It is a bit heavy but a great griddle
 Calphalon pans are some of the best pans I have used and this one is no exception . If you are like me , this pan will whet your appetite for even more pans from them.NON-STICK FINISH IS TOP-NOTCHThe non-stick finish is inside and out -LRB- except for the handle -RRB- and cleans up like a snap . I know this pan of mine has not been treated with kid gloves but subjected to my teenagers , who often think High is the only setting on the stove . However , it looks as perfect as the day I purchased it.PROPER CARE RECOMMENDED ; BUT EASY TO DOIt has not been put in the dishwasher or been used with metal utensils , however , this is what Calphalon recommends to avoid . Easy enough to do.METAL HANDLE IS OFTEN COOL ENOUGH TO HANDLE ON THE RANGE WITH BRIEF USAGEThe metal handle is often cool enough to touch during normal use . There must be something in the design . However , I 'm sure if used long enough on the range it would heat up.ONLY CRITIQUE , IS A WISH FOR A LARGER ONEThe only critique I have is really not appropriate as this is a small pan made for crepes . I would like it to be bigger and with a stronger angle to the edges to keep stuff in . However , the edge is very handy to flip eggs with.I wish Calphalon made one just like this but 12-14 inches in diameter ... Great product
 This is a wonderful quality pan . Making crepes for the very first time was very easy with this wonderful pan !
 This pan works great for eggs , pancakes , sausages French toast , etc. . I 've used it to brown scallops & finish in the oven . The only way that it could be better is if it could go into the dishwasher . It wipes out with a paper towel and rinses out with soap and hot water . Easy !
 This little pan is just right for keeping on the stove . Having it there makes the idea of putting something on to cook a very appealing thought . It 's got a nice weight to it and once it 's up to temp . you can just sit back and let it do it 's thing.BE WARNED , you do n't use this pan at the highest heat setting on your stove . It will burn your food . Good cookware cooks at a lower temp because it holds the heat so well .
 We have tried every type of skillet . Have finally found the best ! This little skillet does it all . Never , ever use Pam on these skillets . Cooks pancakes without any oil at all . Very easy to wash by hand . I need about 2 more .
 I brought this pan a month ago and I love it . It is a great size - very managable , yet the pan can easily handle 2 grilled cheese sandwiches at a time , etc. . . The nonstick surface is holding well -LRB- I did read and follow instructions -RRB- . The only minus might be the cleanup on the bottom of the pan -LRB- I do have a gas stove , if that matters -RRB- - it is spotted and somewhat discolored but I have not got really aggressive in the cleaning yet so it may come off . The weight of the pan is fine - it is a nice sturdy weight as one would expect . All in all , I think this is a excellent buy and expect the pan to last quite some time with proper care .
 Calphalon is a definate go for mesince i tried this Griddle . Easy to clean and it looks like it going to last for a long time .
 I love Calphalon and this is the first non-stick item I 've purchased . It 's wonderful and a terrific deal from Amazon . Thanks .
 This is a great pan and makes everything come out well . I think that if I had to do it again I would probably have gone for a more expansive pan without Teflon , as I know there are hazards to using pans with this . I try to be every cautious of how high I get the heat because of the Teflon .
 Since my daughter is building a complete set of Calphalon cooking utencils and she loves them , I would have to rate them very high . She believes they are great .
 I really like cooking with this pan , also easy to clean .
 Just right for cooking scrambled or fried eggs for one person . The short sides make it very easy .
 It 's a good depth for cooking big omlettes . The metal handle means you can finish it off in the oven . The only reason it did n't have five stars is because I 'd have liked it to have a lid -LRB- so I can use it for sauces as well -RRB- .
 I do love Calphalon skillets , and was happy to buy this one on Amazon.The non-stick surface is n't a teflon-like coating ; it 's the finish of the metal itself . To me , that means it wo n't wear off , scratch off , or end up being ingested.I also like the feel of the handle , and the weight of the pan ... heavy enough to heat evenly , but not too heavy to handle easily . I was a little nervous about whether it would be deep enough for omelettes , but it 's perfect!The pan cleans easily ; so far I have n't had to scour anything . I think it will last a long time .
 Over four years old now , and still fantastic - the surface is slick , the pan attractive even after almost daily use . I handwash it with Dawn and a sponge , and the only thing that 's happened to the coating is it 's roughing a bit on the lip - not on the cooking surface ! -LRB- I think this would actually be covered under the warranty if I looked into it -RRB- . Certain things will stick to the bolt heads in the pan , so I advise either spraying them occasionally with PAM or just inspecting them after you wash . I have given this swank little pan to friends and family as a quick fry pan - though it does make fine crepes when put to the task - and everyone loves it .
 This is a great looking and quality pan . I bought in Nov 05 and it gets used about twice a week . It looks just like the day that we got it . Mind you we only make eggs and egg products in this pan , and it never goes into the dish washer . It is heavy and does take a while to heat up , but it works great for what we use it for . The handle stays cool and clean up is a breeze . If you want a great egg and omelette pan this is for you .
 I 'm really enjoying the pan . It looks & cooks good and is very easy to clean . The price was excellent . I also have a nonstick Calphalon stir-fry pan which I also got through Amazon also at an excellent value .
 I have tried quite a few non-stick griddles and I use them for a variety of things that i cook - pancakes , omlettes , crepes , etc. . I have tried Teflon , Faberwear , Mirror , etcThis is the best one that i have used and I was so thrilled with my purchase . What i like best about it is that i use little or no oil and my crepes are the best tasting in the world.i would strongly suggest buying this griddle if you are looking for quality and value for money !!!
 it is a very good quality pan . Since I bough it , I used it almost evry day because it is non-stick at all and so easy to clean .
 I make flour tortillas -LRB- the same as chapattis , for Indian food -RRB- and this pan is the perfect size . Since I make them once or twice a week , I need a pan that 's up to the dry heat and long cook-time . Also , we have a flat-top stove and what works on gas or electric burners does n't always work well on a glass burner . This pan fits the burner well , is perfectly flat - a must on the smooth-top stove , and I love the handle - it 's long and sturdy and lifts the pan easily . After a year of constant use , the pan surface is beginning to pit and I 'm buying a second one . The pan does take a long time to heat , but that 's easy to allow for , and once it reaches the desired temperature , it holds the heat indefinitely . This griddle is heavy , but not impossible . In fact it is that quality that makes it the closest thing to a cast-iron skillet , which is banned for use on glass-top stoves . Since it looks and feels like cast-iron , you do want to be remember to be mindful of the no-stick finish and not to heat it at too high a temperature .
 This so-called `` crepe pan '' may indeed be terrific for crepes ... I 've just never made any . I do know for a fact that it is superb for omelets , eggs , bacon , French toast , pancakes , grilled sandwiches , sauteed veggies , etc. . It heats quickly and evenly , the non-stick coating makes clean-up a breeze -LRB- it often can just be wiped with a paper towel ! -RRB- , and the handle does n't get hot at the end , so you do n't have to use a potholder when handling the pan -LRB- the handle does get hot close to the pan , though , so always be careful -RRB- . I do n't consider this pan at all heavy compared to the other anodized aluminum pans we have . This is my FAVORITE pan in the house , bar none , and I use it several times every day . At this phenomenally low price , you 'd better get this before they 're no longer available !
 I needed a pan primarily for making eggs . This had such great reviews , so I got it . Oh man , is it ever amazing . I 've had non-stick pans before , but this one is legitimately non-stick . I drop an egg in there . When it 's done , it slides right out of the pan , leaving no trace behind . The pan is so clean , you might not realize it 's been used . Fantastic .
 Like other nonstick cookware buyers , my memories of bad nonstick cookware made me weary of buying more nonstick - as everything sticks ! I threw out calphalon one , emeril , all clad -LRB- really dinged my wallet -RRB- - you name it ! But to my surprise and DELIGHT , this little griddle/crepe pan works terrific ! Food sears , cooks , and releases with no effort . Good weight in your hand . It is a bit on the small side , so if you want to make an omelette for 4 or more people , this would not be for you - unless you wanted to make additional omelettes in a row . The sides are a bit low -LRB- approx 1 '' -RRB- so no high concentrations of sauces is recommended or you 'll have splashes to clean up . Clean up is a breeze with soap and hot water . Amazon packaged it securely so no scratches or dings to the nonstick coating . You wo n't regret buying it .
 It is a superior cookware and you can not beat the price . I purchased an other one to make omelet .
 we love these pans the cleanup is simple and the heat is distributed evenly over the entire surface .
 This has become my new favorite pan and I do n't just use it for crepes . In fact , I have yet to use it for crepes . Not only does it cook evenly , clean up is a breeze .
 Love the pan and use it all the time . Spray it with nonstick spray and cook whatever I want . The cleanup is fast and easy . The food does not burn or stick to the surface .
 I purchased this pan because my husband and I frequently make omlets and crepes and we had been using fry pans for this purpose for years . I like the low profile of this pan . It is very easy to use and the nonstick feature is excellent . It cleans quite easily and although heavier than my fry pans , this is not a problem .
 this thing works amazing , the heat is very well disperst so you have equal cooking all over the surface .
 This is my second crepe pan of this type purchased from Amazon . The heat conduction of the aluminum is superb and the non-stick coating performs very well . The only drawback of this item is that the coating does degrade over time , even using moderate temperatures and low smoke-point cooking lubricants . Watch Amazon for their periodic specials on this item , as the MSRP is high . Must be the cost of energy going into aluminum smelting .
 Received product as described and in a timely manner . I bought this as a gift and she absolutely loves the pan 's versatility .
 Comapared to the set of nonstick pans -LRB- another brand -RRB- I bought from Macys a few years ago , this pan is trully nonstick . It handles all my cooking well . Very easy to clean , except the connection between the handle and the pan body . So make sure you do n't mess up with that part . As other reviewers said , this pan is heavy and it takes a minute or so to heat up . But quality-wise , it is excellent .
 I have enjoyed this pan . It cooks so quickly and easily . It makes perfect eggs anyway you like them and browns grilled cheese to perfection even when using spreadable margarines . One reviewer said that you could not cook on high heat . Well , you do n't want to . Because this pan heats up quickly , a lower heat is best . I put it on my electric range on number 3 -LRB- 2 numbers from the lowest setting -RRB- , let it heat up for a few minutes , and pour my scrambled eggs in . They come out PERFECT ! Cooking on high heat with these types of pans will ruin the suface on the inside in a very short period of time as well as heating it with nothing in it for a period of time . I give this four because I 'm still not sure how long the inside surface will last . For now , I am enjoying the even heating and the superslick non stick interior . For the price , it 's wonderful !
 Great pan-no problems . The only draw back is it 's a lot heavier than my wife 's previous crepe pan and it took her a while to get used to it 's heft .
 I received my Cephalon 10 '' fry pan and was immediately impressed with the handle and the weight of the pan . So far it has performed very well and I hope to get many years of use from it . You can tell right away it 's not like the ones from K-Mart .
 The pan is very shallow , but works so well for eggs - the cleanup is a snap & the temperature is even throughout , so things cook nicely . Do n't pass this one up - I tossed another old non-stick pan when I received this one . I have lots of other Calphalon & this pan is just as good as the ones I paid much more for .
 I am very pleased with my griddle/crepe pan by , Calphalon . It a very good product . It is a heavy well made griddle/crepe pan . I would recommend it to anyone.The price was great for the quality of the product . I use it almost every day .
 Bought a bunch for family and friend Christmas Presents . Going to include favorite recipes , homemade preserves , Nutella , and fresh fruit . The buy 3 get the 4th free deal improved on already a good deal .
 My wonderful non-stick Wegman 's pan finally just was n't doing the job anymore - unfortunately they no longer make the same one - it was very high quality non-stick , solid heavy and could be moved from stove top to oven if desired . Clearly having one very very good skillet is an essential , and much more useful than an assortment of lesser tools.After a fair amount of research I decided to try out this Calphalon model . It was very similar to one that I bought for my father a few years ago , except in a larger 10 '' format . And , this pan does not disappoint - not one bit.Amazing non-stick surface . It also has super nice heavy construction that holds a very consistent temperature . Some people have taken away a star or half due to the pan 's weight - the weight is a benefit , truly . I do n't have to hold the handle while stirring or flipping the food . Not many pans can boast that , leaving my other hand free to hold my plate or bowls with ingredients.Even with eggs over easy , I can get away without using any oil/butter at all if I 'm a bit careful . But I 'd probably recommend using just the very slightest amount . And I definitely do n't bother using any with scrambled eggs , etc. . It also does a great job on pancakes and grilled chicken breasts.This pan is an excellent value , and I expect it to last at least 5 years of regular use . Even if I replace it every 3-4 years , I really do n't care - it 's a great pan .
 I love this pan . It takes a while to heat up , but when it gets hot , it 'll keep the heat fairly distributed . I use this pan primarily for pancakes and crepes and it works great . I never need to add butter/oil/nonstick to the pan.Make sure you use a silicone utensil and keep the nonstick surface safe . Do n't use the rough side of the sponge when washing and it should last for a long time
 I could not be happier with this pan ! Its incredible ! NOTHING sticks to it and its a heavy duty , solid pan . It looks so sleek and stylish , I 'm addicted to the collection now.Once you buy this , you 're going to want all of you pots to be Calphalon .
 Excellent pan . We use it regularly for scrambled eggs . The shallow pan with slanted sides make it ideal for that use . Its non-stick surface make it easy to clean even after several year 's use . Its heavy weight provides even heat distribution . I 'd gladly buy the pan again .
 I ca n't believe I 'd love a pan.This one is so wonderful and my breakfast pan.I do use silicone spatulas and tongs.I do n't know if I need to but I respect it and am not taking any chances.Don ' t hesitate to order it.You wo n't be disappointed .
 My husband and I love these pans . They are affordable -LRB- I paid $ 20 -RRB- and very nice quality . I would recommend them to anyone . The food does n't stick , cooks very evenly , and the pan cleans up nicely .
 The sides are at a perfect angle for flipping everything . I 'm not usually a fan of anything with a nonstick surface and most always buy Calphalon Hard Anodized products , I could n't pass on this product . It 's the perfect size and very easy to handle .
 I 've had this pan for 2 years.It 's well-made , cooks well , and a good-looking pan to boot.You wo n't regret buying it .
 My mom got one of these for me in July ' 05 . I got her one in Oct '07 and the two are almost impossible to distinguish . Nothing has ever stuck to the surface . Nothing . That 's how good this pan is .
 I use this pan alot and it is very sturdy and holds up well , I do not put it in the dishwasher though , I wash by and and let it air dry .
 This pan is everything I was looking for in an Omelet pan . Low sides for for perfect flipping . Does not warp like some lighter pans . Great for pancakes and Omelets .
 I purchased this for my dad . I 'm back home from college and living at home , he loves to cook the family breakfast on the weekends and I was sick of soaking pans for hours and scrubbing burned eggs . This pan is by far the greatest investment under $ 80 . It 's non stick I can clean most thing off with a damp kitchen drag even eggs ! . It heats up fairly quickly and it 's great for eggs and we even use it for stir fry and light pan frying -LRB- not recommended but my mom does n't know any better -RRB- . I 'm not sure of the quality since I never stick another pot/pan on top of it , so I do no know how the non stick surface holds up to metal on metal everyday storage . But this is a great gift for mom and dad , shoot for anyone its so versatile . I did not notice any `` quality '' issues as others have stated . The three bolts that connected the pan to the handle are tight not flimsy it feels like one continues piece of metal.To summarize : It has replaced all our pans at home -LRB- expect our iron skillet -RRB- , I recommend not stacking another pan on top of it during storage metal on metal probably dos n't help the non stick surface -LRB- I assume -RRB- and come on its not expensive but its not cheap do n't ruine a good pan by stacking other pans on top of it . Use rubber or silicon -LRB- even plastic -RRB- spatulas , i 'm guessing wood would be okay too.I 'm assuming a lot of people who say it has shotty quality do n't practice proper storage and or use metal cooking utensils that end up scratching the surface over time . I give this 5 stars because a great thin , egg and crepe pan but also pulls of sauteing and searing .
 I have used this pan for cooking just about everything . The non-stick coating works great . Do not use an abrasive cleaner such as Comet to clean the non-stick surface . I made the mistake of scrubbing too hard with a kitchen sponge that had comet on it . That seemed to take away the super slick surface . I now use that pan when I do n't require a non-stick surface . If this pan is used correctly , the finish will last and last .
 Calphalon is the best ... the first set I bought is nearly 20 years old , and I use it most every day . Picked up this piece as I found this coffee shop with the yummmiest crepes , and I want to try and make them at home.Great price for a high-quality piece .
 I have had this pan for almost a year . I do n't use it often , but when I do , it 's always for french toast or pancakes . This is a great pan for the money.I like the smooth gray outer surface because it is easy to clean . The pan isvery heavy so once it is heated and you add food , it does n't immediately loseall it 's heat.The pan is all metal and can be put into the oven . The handle is a little onthe thin side but I have small hands and do n't notice . A rubber overcoatwould probably help this . Also note that this is a crepe pan and the depth ofthe pan is a bit shallow ; the sides are about an inch tall.My experience with nonstick pans is limited to two inexpensive pans , so Ido n't consider myself an authority . But the nonstick on this pan seems betterthan the cheap pans I have . I 've been told that Calphalon has the bestnonstick pans which is why I got this.I have seen other Calphalon pans in the stores and I wouldd say this is one ofthe higher end Calphalon lines . Calphalon part numbers only indicate sizemaking it difficult to compare pans.This pan is a winner .
 My wife and I are both cooks and have gone through dozens of non-stick pans . A friend of mine had purchased this several months ago simply because it was on sale . I happened to be cooking at their house and fell in love with this pan . I came home and ordered it immediately . The low sides make it very easy to get under delicate items with a spatula and clean up is a breeze . Best pan for the money !
 I love this lil pan because you can use it on top of the or in the oven . It does n't take much heat either . It 's a lovely pan ...
 I use this pan everyday . It cleans easily , heats evenly and is the perfect size for a few eggs , pancakes , toasting nuts , or just heating up something . I have given several of these as gifts .
 I bought this in 2003 and the pan is still in great shape . The non-stick coating is still non-stick and has not worn or flaked off.The pan is a nice , heavy weight and is perfect for making crepes or any kind of eggs . The pan pretty much looks like it did the day I bought it.The price on this pan used to go up and down quite a bit . I remember getting a very good deal on it . If you 're undecided , put it in your cart and wait and see if the price drops .
 I have used this to quick saute small batches of onions and garlic , and to also cook one or two pieces of chicken in the oven . The chicken got a great brown skin due to the low sides and did not stick .
 I 've had this pan for awhile , it 's one of the few Calphalon products I own . I have used many Calphalon products though , and I do like most of the stuff they make . I absolutely LOVE the non-stick finish , I do n't use any pan without it . I am one of those bad cooks who occasionally burns stuff - so having a non-stick finish is a must!The pan is nice and heavy -LRB- something I find to be a good quality -RRB- with an easy to grip handle . Because of the non-stick finish , it tends to take slightly longer to heat up , but that is only a minor inconvenience IMHO . For the price especially , I highly recommend . It 's hard to get Calphalon for such a great price anywhere but Amazon !
 I LOVE this pan !!! I would have given it more stars -- but was limited to only `` 5 '' ! It cooks like a dream with super easy cleanup-and is much more versatile than I thought it would be before I bought it.This was a `` gold box `` item that , under ordinary circumstances I might not have given a second glance -- but the price was right , I was feeling a little adventurous -- and I ordered it.What a wonderful surprise it turned out to be !!! This is now one of my favorite pans -- try it and you will see what I mean!I dont know what I did without it !!!
 This is a good product and right now at an excellent price . The only problem is the structure of the handle . It is a little difficult to hold on to with one hand . If you have carpel tunnel syndrome or arthritis , I do not recommend it .
 I 've had my 10 inch non-stick Calphalon saute pan for a year and love it . Even made crepes in it . When I saw the crepe pan at a great price , I bought it as a Christmas present to myself thinking it was an extravagance since I had the saute pan . Boy was I wrong . The crepe pan -LRB- possibly because of the reduction in the amount of metal compared to the saute pan -RRB- heats up a lot faster , gets hotter using the same setting on the burner and cooks crepes fast , fast , fast compared to the saute pan -LRB- about 1/3 as much time -RRB- . After reading the other reviews , I 'm going to have to try cooking other things in it . The pan sits up without tipping even without anything in it - thick metal makes it stable . Years ago I had a steel crepe pan - this is better .
 This is my second calphalon pan and my first non-stick one and I 'm hooked ! I actually cooked eggs with no spray , oil , butter , etc. . I wish the sides were a little higher , or I were a little more careful in my stirring ! I am currently looking on Amazon to purchase more high-quality pans similar to this one . I also recently purchased Farberware non-stick for my kids to use ... and the difference between the pans is incredible . I now have to buy or make a baker 's rack so that nothing scratches my new precious baby ! It makes cooking fun ! -LRB- Even though that sounds kind of funny , it 's true ! -RRB- This pan is a little heavier than my kids ' new Farberware pans , but I would say sturdy would be a better way of describing it . This pan washes easily , cooks evenly , took a little longer at first for me to heat up because I did n't want to burn it but I 'm starting to get it and ca n't wait to cook in it more . It redefines saute and fry ! And it 's basically taken `` burn '' out of my vocabulary!Just Love It ! And as for Amazon , great shipping , securely packaged , arrived when they said it would . Another easy , breezy transaction . Thanks !
 I have owned restaurants and therefore am pretty demanding when it comes to cookware and knives after having used top of the line professional equipment . I saw this pan as I was looking to replace my Wolfgang Puck pan that started losing it 's `` non-stick '' after 1.5 years . When I saw the list price on this I thought I should give it a try considering it 's drastic price reduction . Although it did take over a week to arrive , it arrived in perfect condition and worked wonderfully this morning for omelettes . It was also a bit bigger than I expected ! It 's a nice heavy pan but my only complaint is the sleek metal handle is a big hard to hold onto and work with and I wish it was a bigger handle . A pan of this quality would be at least $ 40 + at any department store and this quality can not be found at Wal-mart . I would recommend it both as a gift and for personal use .
 I was dubious because it 's pretty shallow and I do n't have a lot of room for specialty pans , but as long as you 're not making a saucy dish , it 's a great pan . It made a beautiful omelette in a snap , and because it 's not tall , you can put a lid -LRB- from another pan -RRB- over your burgers , grilled cheese , etc. and trap the heat to cook the insides very quickly . I 've also never seen such a slippery nonstick surface . We have an Anolon nonstick next to it , and this makes it look like an iron skillet . For $ 17 it 's practically a stocking stuffer . Give it a try -- you 'll be surprised at all the uses you find for it .
 I 've had this pan for about 8 months now and have used it on perhaps two dozen occasions to cook crepes and pancakes and to warm tortillas.One thing to keep in mind is that it is quite easy to burn items cooked in this pan . I 've used it at the same time as my nonstick skillets -LRB- also by Calphalon -RRB- , and I consistently have to use a lower heat setting and keep a closer eye on whatever is in this pan . As a result , I tend to use it for crepes and the aforementioned tortilla warming and use another pan for pancakes , eggs , and other such dishes .
 It seems a little small to me . We have another Calphalon nonstick pan from a bigger set and that pan is bigger and has higher sides . The sides on this pan seem to be very shallow , like the picture shows . Otherwise , it 's great , just have to watch out of you 're putting any liquid in it that it does n't slosh over the sides .
 Watch for the $ 19.99 price during Amazon 's Friday Only sale . Great non-stick pan for that price . Beware that it is made in China , not the usual Calphalon production . And note the size - rather small so if you are looking for a family size pan , skip this one .
 I 've had a set of Calphalon 's professional hard anodized -LRB- not the non-stick -RRB- for several years and LOVE them ... for most of my cooking , I actually prefer the anodized over the non-stick ... . but for an everyday type pan -LRB- morning bacon , eggs , omelets , grilled cheese , etc. . I 've been using just cheap non-stick that I would just replace every 4-6 months . This Calphalon non-stick is now officially my favorite pan of the bunch . Yes it 's heavy ... if you 're comparing it to a thin SS pan , or a cheap enamel/non-stick pan gotten at the local discount store . Then again , as a long-time Calphalon user and former professional cook , I knew what I was getting when I ordered . The weight is directly related to the thickness of the material . The thicker material means more even heat distribution which makes it MUCH easier to cook with less chance of hot spots , burns , and coating failure . Particularly with the cheap pans , one of the biggest causes of the non-stick coating from flaking off is too high heat . more-so than metal utensils -LRB- which are a big no-no with any non-stick surface -RRB- . do n't get it too hot , and let it cool off before you dunk it in the sink to clean it -LRB- just hot soapy water , no abrasives needed -RRB- . Eat well .
 I got this little pan for my teen sons who like to make grilled sandwiches and omelets for themselves and prefer non-stick . The non-stick surface is thick and tough . Even when it gets scratched , none of the non-stick coating peels away and it still works perfectly . Like all Calphalon pans , it heats evenly with no hot spots . The stainless steel handle does n't get hot and is sturdy and well balanced . It 's a fairly small pan that would be great for a smaller household - the perfect size for a 3 egg omelet . The exterior is anodized aluminum . Calphalon says that washing in the dishwasher discolors the exterior so it should be hand washed . -LRB- I put mine in the dishwasher most of the time and it has n't caused any harm or discoloration . -RRB- At the $ 20 price it is regularly on sale for , it 's a wonderful way to try Calphalon for the first time or as a gift for a college student or newlywed .
 Great pan - used for countless crepes and omeletscareful to use medium heat on electric stovesOnly thing I would like is if it came with a fitted glass top
 I think you can tell how a product going to turn out to be just by the feel of it . It 's almost a perfect pan - nice weight , polished looks , and just about the right size . I have been using it for couple of weeks and so far it has been a pleasure . It is very easy to clean as well .
 First - I love this pan . I 've used it almost daily for 2 years . The flat surface makes it a perfect for making individual grilled-cheese sandwiches -LRB- a staple in my son 's diet -RRB- . And the size is ideal for quick , smaller portions - not as big/heavy as my Lodge griddle . I 've hand washed it , no metal utensils , but the nonstick surface is just beginning to flake off at the very center . I do n't mind given the low price -LRB- definitely got my money 's worth at $ 19.99 -RRB- , but I do hate adding to the trash pile . I may try the All Clad version next time - more pricey , but perhaps with more life to it . Goodbye , favorite pan ! -LRB- My Le Creuset pieces are my absolute favorites , but this one was right up there . -RRB-
 I 'm sure after reading the reviews your curious ... OK , what 's not great about this thing . I 've made eggs in it . . they came out perfect . I seriously did not add ANY oil , butter , or ANYTHING except for eggs to this thing ... I did n't even need to ` jiggle ' the spatula to loosen the eggs from the pan to turn them . For cleanup ... water and a paper towel ... that was it . Next day I did pancakes ... while I ca n't complain , I wo n't do pancakes in it again probably ... . the surface is so perfectly smooth , that my pancakes were not at all porous ... they were smooth as glass , and I like my pancakes to have a more porous feel to them . But , I ca n't complain , this is an awesome addition to the kitchen . I almost feel like getting more , just in case anything ever happens to the one I have . I would highly recommend this -LSB- item -RSB- ...
 I love this pan . I love this pan ... great size , perfect for omelets , cleans in a snap ... I LOVE THIS PAN !
 I just ordered another 10 '' Calphalon C1210P 10 '' pan . . not because my other one is a gone , oh , no . I got a back up one just in case they stop making this model ! It 's great for 2 people
 I purchased this pan about four years ago , and last week had to send it back -LRB- for the second time -RRB- to get it replaced due to the teflon non-stick surface degrading and peeling . Customer service is excellent . The first pan was replaced quickly free of charge . I only had to pay for shipping back to them which ended up costing about half the cost of a new pan.High heat is the cause of the teflon degrading . One must be very careful not to exposing the pan to the highest heat level on electric or gas oven and never leave unattended for long periods of time.Having said that , I really love this pan and use it every day , usually twice a day . I use it to make perfect three egg omelets in the morning and sometimes fry up a turkey burger during the day . When the non-stick surface is intact , it is a joy to use and clean , requiring only a wipe with a damp sponge.I recommend this pan with the caveat to avoid high heat , which is rarely necessary as this pan conducts heat very well . ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Update on November 30 , 2008I just received a new pan to replace my damaged crepe pan . Calphalon sent me a Calphalon One Fry Pan which is an upgrade from the pan that I sent back.Calphalon has the best customer service . While their prices may be high , you never have to buy another pan for the rest of your life -LRB- or at least as long as the company remains in business -RRB- .
 I recently had to discard my non-stick Farberware set after 12 years of use . I 'd spent over $ 600 for the set . It just wore out and the surface was flaking off , which caused me concern . So I replaced it with an inexpensive stainless-steel set . I do like that set but there are definitely situations where a good non-stick pan is a must.This pan fits the bill and I love it . It heats evenly and cleanup is a breeze ! I 'm now searching for a larger version that wo n't break the budget .
 Non-stick interior in this pan is not superior to that in other non-stick pans , but the pan conducts heat much better.After 18 months of at least daily use following all directions to hand wash and use plastic utentils , the non-stick coating has worn out . For the first year , it was beautiful and truly a pleasure to use . The rivets long ago became covered with black gunk , and black gunk started to build up on the bottom as well , and bits of non-stick coating flake off . Cleaning it more thoroughly each time may have averted the black gunk , but I think it 's just the reality that non-stick pans just do n't last forever .
 Much heavier than the Anolon ` Classic ' crepe pan and cheaper as well . Probably one of the nicest of the Calphalon ` Commercial ' line . I have found these to be all over the block in terms of ` heft ' and quality . This does not appear to be another Chinese ` cheapo ' , even though manufactured there . Do n't mistake this line as something commercially used , however . Even the warranty claims it is for home use only .
 I bought this pan at a discount on a Friday sale . I think I paid about $ 19.95 . I bought it to replace a non-stick 10 '' skillet which I used frequently . This pan is so much better . It does take a little longer to heat up than the thinner one I was used to , but once it is heated , the entire pan generates the same intensity heat so that whatever you have in the pan cooks evenly . I also can turn the heat off a few minutes before what I am cooking is done and let the heat of the pan finish it off . Since getting this pan , I have burned far fewer things . I highly recommend this item !
 I bought this pan for my fiancee , and he loves it , but I must say it may very well be my favorite pan as well . We use it to make grilled cheese sandwiches , pancakes , scrambled eggs , burgers -- just about anything . The nonstick surface is super slick so food just slides right off . For best results , use a little oil or cooking spray and cook on no more than a medium-high temperature . The long handle is well made and easy to grip . The pan is heavier than it looks , but not too heavy . Everything we have cooked in it has turned out great . I highly recommend this pan .
 Great pan for a great price . Get one before they are all sold out , as this product line is being discontinued.PS , the 10 '' Faberware lid fits the pan very well.UPDATEIt 's been a little over a year now , and the pans have performed pretty well , but they are starting to show some serious wear . The surface is pretty scratched up , and the anodization is coming off in a couple areas -LRB- granted , this is on the lip of the pan where the food does n't touch -RRB- . I guess I figured that these pans were pretty rugged , but I was wrong . They will have to be replaced in a couple years -LRB- or sooner -RRB- . Had I known that , I probably would n't have bought them -LRB- or all the other Calphalon stuff we have -RRB- . Other options to consider are titanium cookware , which is outrageously expensive , or cast iron which is about half the price of the typical Teflon pans at the grocery store.I think I would downgrade this pan to 3 stars .
 This is a great everyday pan for cooking eggs to steaks . Since I 've gotten the pan , I 've used the pan for just about everything . The non-stick coating in the commercial series is far superior to that of earlier series and brands such as anolon and circulon . Clean up is quick and easy as well . I 've ordered the pan as gifts too . Happy cooking .
 I got this pan for christmas last year , and we use it several times a week . It 's still in great shape and the coating is still like new . It 's so good I am getting another calphalon item this year . It could be bigger , but the dimensions are right here on the page so you should know how big it is when you order it .
 We have 20-something chickens so we eat eggs daily for breakfast . Every morning , I use this pan for fried eggs , scrambled eggs and omelets . Even though it has had daily use for 2 years , it has only one very small scratch -LRB- made by us -RRB- on its nonstick coating.We always use plastic utensils on the pan , and NEVER put it into the dishwasher . You wo n't need to put it in the dishwasher , anyway , since just a quick swipe with a cloth -LRB- or papertowel -RRB- wipes the pan clean.We also use the pan for quesadillas , a grilled cheese sandwich for one , or even to saute meat and summer squash for just 1-2 people .
 This pan , and the other Calphalon Commercial pans are indispensible to me . They cook evenly , clean up easily and impress my friends by making them think I spent a lot of money on them . They 're good , solid pans , worth way more than the price . I 've had this pan a little over two years and I could n't be happier with it . I highly recommend these pans for someone starting out , without a lot of money to blow on an All-Clad set , who still wants some classy pans.Update
 I use this pan for more than I bought it for -LRB- which was just for frying eggs -RRB- . It 's heavy , so has an even distribution of heat . The shallow sides are not a detriment , and make for an easier turn over for sunny-side-ups . I try and fry meat for a family of three , but a ten inch pan is not quite large enough , so I will have to break down and buy the 12 inch version . You 'll love this pan .
 Thinking I would use this pan primarily for omlettes , it has come in handy for a number of cooking applications . WELL worth the money .
 Works great ! I 'm retiring my 30 year old cast iron version of this pan . The Calphalon is easier -LRB- i.e.lighter weight -RRB- to use and cooks just as evenly - even on higher temperatures when searing a steak , warming tortillas etc. .
 I must admit I purchased this pan specifically for crepes , however I have not used it as such yet . It is a GREAT omelet pan , a handy pan for toasting pine nuts , etc. . I already had a great set of Pampered Chef pans , but I find that I use this little gem almost daily . The price is unbeatable for such an all around utility pan .
 We have used this pan for over a month now and no problems to report . Solidly built and non-stick surface seems durable and works well . No complaints at this point .
 I cook for two most of the time and the commercial nonstick 10 inch griddle works to perfection . Pancakes , fried and scramble eggs cook just fine with no sticking whatsoever . This is done with low to medium heat . Calphalon makes great products at a reasonable cost .
 Wow . I use this pan everyday . I can cook anything in this little pan and it turns out great Calphalon nonstick is more expensive than hard anodized , but worth it . Clean up is a breeze .
 I 've been using this griddle for over a year now and I have nothing bad to say about it . I use it mostly to make crepes and it just could not be easier , I wish I had it years ago . It is also perfect for making grilled sandwiches , nothing will stick to this griddle . It is nice and heavy , very good quality .
 I love this pan . We use it to cook everything . Clean up is a breeze . I highly recommend this product .
 Do n't usually buy these as they always seemed to be throw away quality . . BUT . . the Celphalon and the non-stick really helped improve this style of pan , omelettes , omelettes , omelettes . . so easy !!!!
 Works just like one would expect a non-stick omelet pan to work -- things do n't stick . : - -RRB-
 I have been buying the Calphalon product one at a time through Amazon and have been happy with each one .
 We 've had this pan for a year now and see no scars or problems . My husband uses it the most for his breakfast dishes after I leave for work , and I dare to wonder what utensils he uses on it . I 'm really happy I purchased this pan . It cleans up so easily with a simple dishrag , and it 's a pleasure to use wih its nonstick surface even though I always use just a tad bit butter or oil .
 I bought this pan mainly for frying eggs , making pancakes , and small stir frying tasks . It worked really great in the beginning , but the non-stick became less and less effective more quickly than I had anticipated . But for it 's price , I ca n't complain .
 This griddle pan is of a nice quality and of sturdy construction . Fairly light weight and cleans easily .
 I tried this pan by using 1/2 tsp of butter to fry 4 eggs . The pan was so slick the eggs slid around by them selves . Great pan !
 I bought this for my mom for Christmas . All her pots and pans are Calphalon . She wanted something to heat tortillas on ... this is perfect . She said it is great and works like all her Calphalon do ... Super !!
 I make crepes quite often -LRB- 1-2 a month -RRB- and these are incredibles ! They really do n't stick , no need of butter before your first crepe . The heat goes evenly up to the edges . They may appear to be heavy though but they are worth it !
 A very nice pan , easy to clean . Shallower than I was expecting , but otherwise perfect , for omlettes , pancakes , steak .
 Amazing quality and excellent outcomes . No more aggravation in making breakfast pancakes or omlettes . Buy a wide non-metal flipper to go with it so you can flip your omelets in perfect form . Enjoy !
 Extremely well made , guaranteed for life and the perfect size for breakfast for 2 or to make homemade crepes . I love it .
 It 's perfect . In fact I used it this morning . Easy to use and especially easy to clean .
 I love it . I cook eggs in it several time a week . Fry bacon all the time . Use it many times each week . Looks new after 8 months of use . I use plastic utensils , Med heat and hand wash . It heats very even and works great on a flat top stove .
 It 's a great pan at an amazing price . Cooks evenly , do n't have to worry about hot or cool spots . The non-stick surface is top of the line . Definitely worth the money . I 'm not usually the type that would take the time to write a review , but this pan is worth it .
 The non-stick surface is wonderful and this pan can saute or fry almost any food with less fat than any of the other pans I have tried .
 This little pan is perfect for eggs . The sides are nearly staight up and down creating a nice flat bottom that makes good contact with the burner . You may be suprised at how low the sides are - but remember - you wo n't have spattering because the pan is non-stick and not much oil is needed . The low sides also make it easy to get your egg turner under your food without having to do wrist and arm contortions . Plenty of room in there for 3 fried eggs , not touching , or 6-8 scrambled eggs . Nice heavy weight to this pan - a pleasure to use .
 What a great pan ! I use it all the time , now , for cooking all types of things . The only thing I wish was that it also had a lid . -LRB- I 've tried to look for one , but ca n't find one that says it will fit with it -RRB- . Everything I have cooked has turned out great and you cook much more quickly with it . This is a great addition to any kitchen . It surpasses my Pampered Chef Professional cookware , hands down !
 This is an excellent pan for the money . It seems to be well made . So far the non stick surface has been great .
 What can I say this cookware is of the best quality and workmanship with ease of use and cleanup . Its a great choice .
 Commercial-grade cookware at this price is unheard of . You can hit someone over the head with this thing -LRB- I know I did ! -RRB- , just like in the cartoons , and the integrity of the pan remains intact!Whether its omelettes you 're interested in , or a bludgeon-type instrument , Calphalon is the last word in in this sentence.What 's a crepe ?
 I found this pan very useful for my crepe needs . The non stick part is good . I only wish it was a little bigger in size and was dishwasherable . But it 's definitely a good addition to your cutlery .
 I received my order without any damage or delay . It was packaged and shipped promptly .
 This is my third Calphalon pan . It is excellent ! Cooks eggs , pancakes , sausage , etc. and nothing sticks and is very DURABLE . A great pan to start out with if you have never tried Calphalon or if you need an extra nonstick pan . You will not be sorry you bought it . It is more versitale than the description given by Amazon . You can cook small amounts of ground beef in this pan , too . Ca n't beat the LIFETIME guarantee !
 I LOVE THIS PAN ! I can not think of one bad thing to say about this Calphalon pan . Definately one of my favorite pans and one that is at the top of my most used pans list . If you want to get a piece for your collection that will make you very happy this is the ticket !!
 SHOULD OF GOT A BIGGER ONE , CLEANS UP NICE PRICE WAS VERY GOODWORKS GREAT FOR ONE PANCAKE AT A TIME
 Another great product from Calphalon , awesome size for my pancakes , the handle gets kinda hot sometimes . But aside from that great product .
 I have been using this for over 2 years and this is one fantastic pan that makes me look like a pro ! The size and weight is perfect for omlette and pancakes . The handle stays cool to touch and the nonstick feature makes it a cinch to prepare the food . I would highly recommend this item !
 I could not be happier with this pan , it is of perfect quality , easy to clean , food does not stick to it . I have used many brands and qualities of pan and none come close to the quality or ease of use of this one . I would highly recommend it to anyone , and especially those who enjoy a quality tool in the kitchen . It could not be any better .
 I received the item 3 days after ordering.Excellent value for the money . I was a little surprised at how shallow this pan is , and I thought I may not use it . As it has turned out , I use it more than any other frying pan , because it 's actually the perfect size for 2 portions and the shallowness allows easy removal . It cleans up very well .
 I use this pan almost daily . Breakfast lunch & dinner have been improved . Cooking is very even & cleanup is incredible.I purchased this pan on special @ Amazon & now , I have purchased one for every wedding & bridal shower that I attend . I promo Calphalon Non Stick to my friends & co-workers .
 This is the first Calphalon product I have ever owned and I will honestly never go back to lesser quality cookware . The pan is heavy seems made well . The first item I cooked was eggs over easy for my husband , which my kids will not touch . The eggs cooked effortlessly without cooking spray or added oils and they slid right out of the pan . For the first time my kids ate eggs over easy that night and my husband said they tasted just like eggs . Sounds funny , but true!Every other dish cooks like a dream , with minimal clean up , although I do wash a bit harder around the metal brackets inside the pan . This is the best money I 've spent in a long time !
 I just love this pan for making breakfast in the morning , especially omelets . It is a bit heavy and one does want to clean it gently especially around the screw heads , but it is great . Be careful not to hold the handle too close to the pan
 This pan has become one of the most useful pans I have . It is of heavy construction , heats evenly , and the non-stick surface is great . The sides are low , but it serves as a good griddle , is useful for breakfast , cooking 2 or 3 eggs easily or about 4 pieces of french toast .
 This is a fabulous nonstick pan . I use it for effortless omelettes , eggs , pancakes . So worth it and use it all the time .
 Just the price alone makes this pan worthy of consideration ... but when you use the pan , you will really come to appreciate its features . We use the pan for grilled sandwiches , pancakes , the occasional omlette -LRB- just to try it , because we really like the omlette pans -RRB- . Crepes ? Well , it is much more fun making crepes in this pan than the old steel pan ... the non-stick is just wonderful and so far -LRB- over a year -RRB- seems quite durable . But , even if it is n't ... there is always that lifetime warranty . Twenty dollars for a pan like this ? We bought several for gifts too . Use it and enjoy it . As always , be sure to read the Calphalon instructions ... they answer lots of questions about proper use . Even I learned a few things !
 I grab this pan at least once a day . It 's great for scrambling or frying a few eggs . The finish is truly non-stick , as I do n't use any oil or butter in my eggs , and they turn out great even sunny-side-up ! Definitely one of my favorites !
 I recently purchased this product along with many commercial anodized pots and pans from the same manufacturer . Of all of the non-stick pans I have used this is the best by far . It is heavy and will likely never warp . It is a cinch to clean . Best of all , it heats evenly , as I have noticed with all Calphalon products . I ca n't imagine using another brand . Until now , I have supplemented my Farberware pots and pans -LRB- from 1968 and still going strong -RRB- with cheaper brands . The Farberware held up unlike the other brands . However , Farberware does not heat as quickly . I recommend this highly .
 I love this pan . It is the best Calphalon pan I have ever owned ! It is a great size , cooks evenly but the best part is the clean up . I have never had anything stick to this pan that I could n't just do a quick wipe to clean . Highly recommend this pan for everyday use .
 We use this pan all the time ! We love to grill but in the winter we cook our steaks indoors and this little pan is great for two small steaks . We also cook bacon , hamburgers , and eggs for two . We love it and use it daily .
 I own a set of these Calphalon cookware products and I think they are well worth the money ! The non-stick is better then any other non-stick I 've worked with , so stuff almost never burns -LRB- and when it does burn , it was my screw up -RRB- and these pots and pans are extremely easy to clean , which makes up for them not being able to go in the dishwasher -LRB- like any non-stick -RRB- . My mother borrowed them for a short while when I was in college , and the first time she cooked eggs in the frying pan she was absolutely amazed at the difference . Now that I have them back she says she 's going to have to get a set for herself .
 Great price and great quality do n't always go together , especially with things like cookware . Calphalon delivers both with their commercial nonstick line . This was the first Calphalon pan I bought from Amazon over two years ago . I felt stupid when I bought it off a gold box special . I usually feel that sometimes companies pump up the retail value . They want to make it seem like you get a deal , doing this by raising the price so the discount looks good . Not so with these pans ! I can easily see they contain the quality workmanship , and construction , that would justify the higher price for a true culinary kitchen.The first thing you 'll find as with all pans in the Calphalon commercial line is the visible thickness and heft of the pan . Check the weight , the pan itself is nearly three pounds , a lot for such a smallish pan . The handle is made of high quality steel , riveted to the pan . In fact the construction of this pan is pretty much overkill . Like all of the commercial non-stick pans , you can feel safe even using the occasional metal utensil that you wo n't damage the coating . Since its oven safe up to broiling temperatures , it can have a few alternate uses , like warming rolls or other small items that do n't splatter.The pan does have a few things that limited it , although I was impressed enough to buy more Calphalon . One , it looks rounder in the picture than it is , its oval shaped , and the measurements are the pan , not the surface area . The surface area makes it hard for larger crepes , and there are better pans for other purposes . I ca n't buy the griddle thing unless you are making one at a time . Two , the pan is heavy , and can become hard to use for the elderly . Finally , the non-stick takes longer to heat up so alternate uses like melting butter or browning take too long . All that said , if you do crepes and like an omelet for breakfast , or even a few quick strips of bacon , this does the trick .
 All I can do is wax poetic about the omelets cooked in this pan.I never imagined I would love making them nor that my omelet quality would go to five stars in the process . Who knew a pan can make you look so good . May they never change the shape nor the price ! A transcendental pan for the not entirely rich . Thank you Calphalon and Amazon .
 After owning this pan for a month , I bought five more for the family . I like the fact that you can stick this pan under the broiler to finish off a fritatta . Excellent perormer in every task I used it for .
 I have had my Calphalon Commercial for over 5 years now and it has taken some serious wear and tear . I personally use them at least two or three times a week , cooking my family 's meals.I cook with non-stick or wooden utensils but my children or my husband have a tendsy to just come along and stick a fork in and my pans are still standing without a scratch.Also , for those of us who have teenagers who refuse to pay attention I have had a charcoaled grilled cheese made in my pan and it amazingly came clean I thought for sure I was going to have to throw it away after that event . But WARNING it did kill my Parrot the toxins from the carcingins from the pan caused the bird to have respitory arrest so if you have small birds DONT overheat your pan.Last but not least my husband and son continuously leave the pan dirty in the sink after using it and throw all kinds of things in it before I get to it and I must say NO DING , NO SCRATCHES , NO COMPLAINTS !!
 We love this pan so much we are on our second one . The first one lasted about 3 years , being used on average at least two times a day . We make crepes in it once or twice a week and like many other reviewers have mentioned it is great for eggs . We reheat items in it , make pancakes , grilled cheese , hamburgers , stir frying vegetables - you name it . It is one of the pans we reach for on a daily basis . After continuous use the nonstick surface did start to come off -LRB- we always use nylon utensils but do n't treat it like it 's fragile when storing it - we have 4 kids ages 9 and under -RRB- . I have not found a non stick pan that would last as long as this one did with all the use it got , as well as heat as evenly as it does . I do n't believe I will ever find a pan with a non-stick coating that will last indefinitely , so our choice is Calphalon nonstick when it comes to purchasing nonstick pans .
 I have had this pan for over a year . I purchased it to replace an electric crepe pan that was approximately 20 years old . This pan is much easier to use and to clean than the electric crepe pan.I have made whole wheat crepes in this pan without a problem . I have also made whole egg and egg white crepes in this pan without any sticking problems . However , I do always spray this pan with oil before making crepes.The non-stick on this pan is still sound after a lot of use . I do wash this pan by hand , and only use silicon or wood utensils to flip the crepes . If you are a little careful not to abuse the pan it seems to hold up fine , actually better than I expected for the price.If you are looking for crepe recipes there is an old cookbook `` Crepe Cookery '' by Mabel Hoffman that is 176 pages of nothing but crepe recipes . If you can pick up a used copy of this old book -LRB- circa 1976 -RRB- , I have found it to be very useful.I feel that this pan is worth more than its price tag suggests if you like crepes .
 This pan never leaves our range -- useful for sauteing , pancakes , small stir-fry with little or no oil . It 's also a good heavy weight for a small pan . Of course , you should n't put it in the dishwasher , but it swishes clean in seconds in the sink . Wish I had bought a second one at the price of the first ! Calphalon Commercial Nonstick leaves all other nonstick coatings -LRB- and I 've tried a lot ! -RRB- in the dust .
 It 's incredible . It 's truly my favorite . I got two for people this Christmas ... I want to keep them both . Why ? I have no idea .
 I am the proud owner of a Calphalon Commercial Set and have been adding pieces to my ever expanding collection . I recently decided to purchase the 10 Inch non-stick pan for our Sunday morning bacon and egg breakfast . The only other `` non-stick '' piece of Calphalon is my roasting pan which I love so , why not try the Griddle/Crepe Pan.I have three words for my experience with this pan , `` I LOVE IT ! `` My bacon was perfectly cooked and the eggs looked like they were prepared by a top notch chef ! My son , who is a chef , told me that this was the best pan in the kitchen!A word of advise , in order to use Calphalon pans correctly , it would be advisable to read the directions brochure as commercial grade cooks differently from stainless steel and stainless cooks differently than non stick . By knowing how to use the pan you purchased , it will avoid any kitchen mishaps . Remember , `` a poor carpenter blames his tools ! '' Do n't blame the pan if things do n't come out properly because you skipped the directions .
 Calphalon knows what makes a good pan . THe sides on this pan is what really makes it easy to use . THey are lower than a traditional skillet -LRB- hence the name griddle/crepe -RRB- . I would not recommend it as a griddle just because of the size . But for crepes , tortillas , quesadillas , omlettes , etc. it is perfect . Same known quality as the rest of the calphalon line . Highly recommended .
 I spent 3 hard years with the Magic Pan restaurants whose menu revolved around savory and dessert crepes . Suffice to say , I have made 1000 's of crepes on the MP revolving crepe wheel on the backside of an omelet pan . Consequently , just the word , C r e p e. ... made my skin crawl and my stomach churn . That is until I could n't resist buying this pan , the Calphalon 10 '' griddle and crepe at this amazing price . Now I can make crepes on the inside of the pan and the surface is non-stick to boot . I had a dinner party recently and did exactly that and with great success thanks in part to this amazing pan . I even remembered how to prepare some of the MP fillings like Chicken Divan and Banana Royale ... and my friends had a groovy time preparing the crepes . Anyone for Fondue ?
 I love this pan ! I 've had it for about 6 months now . It 's very heavy and heats evenly . I use this pan not only for crepes and pancakes but for frying eggs , veggies , and anything else . The sides are low so you ca n't cook a huge quantity but I 'm only cooking for 2 anyway . The non-stick surface is the best ever . However , as with all non-stick surfaces it does require care . Never use brillo or metal utensils and never wash in dishwasher . The surface is so slick that this is not a problem . A little dish detergent and a sponge cleans this pan easily .
 I love this pan . I bought one for home use , and within weeks ordered a dozen more for professional use . The pan is incredibly versatile -- perfect for omelets , but my favorite use is for pan-roasting fish . The non-stick has held up well , even in restaurant use .
 I purchased this because it was one of the collectors edition `` try-me '' pieces . I could not argue with the price so I picked it up . This is one of the best purchases I have made.First impressions is that this is a well made pan . Heavy construction and the V handle is great . In addition , the pan looks great also.But the proof is in the cooking . The pan heats very even . The non-stick coating works very well and is very durable . I have had it now for about a year , and have purchased several other pieces in the calphon commercial line bacause of my experience with this pan .
 This pan is top quality as the other Calphalon pans I own . It heats evenly and its smooth nonstick surface and cool handle makes flipping crepes a breeze . The crepes brown nicely and cleanup is a snap . I use to use a cast iron griddle for making crepes which worked well , buts its weight and hot handle did n't make flipping crepes an easy task -LRB- now its use is limited to tortillas -RRB- . My only wish is that I had invested in this pan years ago .
 If you come across this pan while it 's still below $ 15 , just buy it ! I just bought a second one , which I 'll admit is a little neurotic ... but I do n't care what you think.Cooking for one ? This is perfect.I have banged out the following items -LRB- and dozens of others -RRB- , and afterward was literally able to wipe out the pan with a paper towel , like they do on those infomercials :1 -RRB- Grilled cheese -LRB- I 've got to say , firing off a grilled cheese and just wiping out the pan with a paper towel is a very nice experience -RRB- 2 -RRB- Fried Eggs3 -RRB- Omelette4 -RRB- Pancakes5 -RRB- French Toast6 -RRB- Parmesan Crisps -LRB- where you fry shredded parmesan right on the pan surface ! -RRB- 7 -RRB- Toasted pine nuts8 -RRB- Yes , crepes ... and on and on and onThis thing is just perfectly sized for one-person cooking . Example
 I 've always been leery of nonstick pans . The coating scratches off or wears off over time . They 're rarely truly nonstick , etc. . All that was before I found this pan ! I 've had this pan for several months now . I use this pan every day for everything quesadillas , eggs , french toast , sausages , burgers , grilled cheese sandwiches , etc. ! Nothing sticks . It doe n't have a single scratch on it . It is a dream to clean . It ca n't go in the dishwasher , but it wipes clean in seconds - even if you burn things in it . It heats evenly and quickly on a moderate to low flame . I hope Amazon will stock more calphalon commercial nonstick pans . I 'm hooked !
 This is my first Calaphalon Pan . I use this pan primarily for omlettes and fried eggs . I like how it evenly cooks . It also seems to cook things faster . The pan is a little heavier than I expected , but I do n't mind . The non-stick surface is very easy to clean . An excellent pan at a very reasonable price .
 I have tried many nonstick products in the past , but this one beats them all ! This is the first of the Calphalon Commercial Nonstick cookware I purchased through Amazon , and its FANTASTIC ! You can cook your food without any fat at all , and it just comes off ! This , has to be the best Griddle/Crepe Pan ever ! And cleaning is easy ! I love it!I now need to shop for some more Calphalon products !
 Man this man does it all ! I never use heat higher than medium high . Although it takes a while to heat up you can cook just about anything in here and it wo n't stick ! It 's great for eggs , chicken breasts , broccoli , crepes , and it will sear a steak very nicely -LRB- use a bit higher heat -RRB- and you can pop the pan in a hot oven . I use this pan almost daily for some such cooking adventure . I also bought the 12 inch every day pan . Again-you ca n't go wrong .
 I recently purcahsed this pan from Amazon , and I could n't be more happy ! I 've been a hard-core Nonstick protester for most of my life , but I thought I 'd give it another shot . This pan has excellent heat distribution and cooks as flawlessly as my stainless steel pans . Both the nonstick and hard anodized surfaces clean easily and barely require much more than a rinse . I like the size because it 's large enough for crepes , quesadillas , etc. . . but still small enough to use for a few eggs . Transferring to the oven is great , but would be easier with an opposing handle . Overall , I love this pan !!!
 Great for making swedish pancakes , eggs , you name it . No oil needed - everything slides out of the pan with ease . Cooks evenly and holds heat well . This is a heavy , mulitpurpose pan that I know I will get years of use from . Small enough for easy storage but large enough to be a great kitchen workhorse . One of my favorite kitchen tools !
 Finally , a no burn pan . Wife excellent cook , but wanders offand this keeps going on very low temp . Handle gets a bit warm , but handled with a mitt .
 Owned Calphalon Hard Anodized for nine years . This was my first ever Nonstick piece . In this type of griddle/crepe pan the nonstick finish is a wonderful addition . I use it almost every day for omelets , crepes , grilled sandwiches , pancakes . Fabulous bargain at this price !!
 My son loves making pancakes on Saturday mornings in this pan ! You do n't need the heat at more than med , and nothing sticks in this pan !! My only wish is that it came with it 's own lid , but there is a Calphalon 10 in replacement lid that you can buy separately . Corn beef hash and Breakfast potatoes cook up nicely in this pan also .
 I have bought and thrown out at least three frogs before kissing this prince of a crepe pan - I 'd been searching for it all my life ! It is the perfect size for my needs , beautifully heavy , heats evenly , and absolutely nonstick . And at $ 24.99 on sale , I 'm thinking of getting another , to double production on a school morning -LRB- I make the batter the night before in the blender , then stick it in the fridge overnight -RRB- . Also the perfect size for a single grilled cheese sandwich .
 I have had this pan for over 2 years & it is used at least 5 times a week to make crepes , fried eggs , omletes , grilled cheese , ect , ect ect and it still looks brand new ! The pan is the perfect size for crepes & 3 egg omletes , not to small at all ! We always allow the pan to cool and hand wash it , you should not put these in the dishwasher . I highly recommend this pan and have given 4 out as gifts .
 Before I purchased this pan , I tried to cook crepes in a regular skillet . They were delicious but I was embarassed to serve them because they looked terrible . I could n't get them to turn over without tearing . So , while skeptical -LRB- because I thought the problem was just me not knowing how -RRB- , I purchased this crepe pan . Wow ... it made a huge difference ! Between this pan and my new Chef 'n ZipFlip Small Turner , I have been able to make delicious and beautiful crepes every time .
 I 've had this pan for a month now , and I have made crepes and omlettes , and they come out perfect . I highly recommend this pan to anyone who wants to make crepes and omlettes !!!
 My wife has always said all non-stick pans are the same until I bought this for her . It 's solid , the handle has not gotten hot yet , and it continues to be non-stick . I do wish that we could put it in the dishwasher .
 Everything other favorable reviews say is true ! These are wonderful pans
 Everything being said about this pan is correct . Great for cooking two eggs , two pancakes , at a time . I 'm going to order a larger one for the bigger jobs .
 This is the second pan , exactly , of this sort I own and it is the most used pan in my kitchen . The second , as the first had some ` peeling ' of the coating and Calphalon replaced it - free . I purchased the new pan during the time the replacement was in transit - I know it will be handy to have two `` favorite '' pans when I need them.I heartly recommend this pan - it 's very flat bottom and minimum sides make it so very usable -- and Calphalon 's guarranty is for real -- no questions replacement -LRB- assuming no abuse -RRB- .
 This pan cooks well , holds heat well and clean-up is a snap . | well worth the price . We would strongly recommend it .
 Good pan . Maintains heat well . Made main course and desert crepes all turned out well the first time . Nicely browned .
 It washes easily , even when someone burns something in it -LRB- Never me of course :--RRB- -RRB- It is truly non-stick and is a heavy duty pan . I am thrilled with my purchase !
 I bought this pan about 5 years ago , but admittedly have only recently started using it because I frankly forgot that I owned it . So while the pan does not have 5 years of wear and tear , let me say that the non-stick properties are probably the best of any pan that I 've used . Eggs and omelets pretty much slide right off.Heat distribution is very uniform . I can cook at a lower heat with this pan than what I 'd usually use . I 'd recommend preheating it at a fairly low heat before using it and for a decent amount of time too . On my gas range 's dial , I preheat it at about a 3 and then either cook at a 3 or dial the temp down to a 2.5 or so . I think that the key is to try to cook at a somewhat lower heat than what you might otherwise suppose and to preheat longer than usual.Clean up is a breeze . I often hold the pan under hot , running water immediately after cooking while the pan is still hot and it typically takes me about 30 seconds to clean it completely . The pan is heavy and appears to be very well constructed . I highly recommend this pan . At Amazon 's sale price , it is a terrific value .
 This has become the most used pan in my cupboard . Its perfect for crepes , eggs , grilled sandwiches , etc. . I 'm not usually a fan of non-stick , but this pan is really nice , and the non-stick surface is exceptional .
 Those of you who make delicate -LRB- no trace of brown , almost runny interior -RRB- omeletes know the importance of a non-stick surface to make the fold and slide the ommelette out of the pan . I used this pan almost exclusively for that purpose , always hand-washed and never heated to high temp . This pan worked very well for 3 or 4 years , and then began to decline in performance . Alas , after about 5 years and perhaps 400 omeletes , the bottom of this made-in-China pan has developed teflon acne , and even copious oiling or buttering is not enough to insure the egg will not stick . The pan 's heaviness noted by some reviewers as a negative , is important for even heating , particularly at the low heat levels needed for an omelete in order to avoid browning . To petition for the warranty , you have to ship the pan with a letter of explanation and then they judge the worthiness of your complaint .
 This the third Calphalon crepe pan I have ordered . One for myself and 2 as gifts . The pan is nice and heavy and the crepes turn out beautiful . It 's so easy to clean up and the quality seems very good . Just wish it were made in the USA .
 What can I say , they last forever . This is a great bacon and eggs pan .
 I 'm not keen on non-stick because I find them to be of questionable safety & durability . However , I must admit , I love this pan ! Just bought it so I ca n't speak to its longevity , but the non-stick is amazing . You really do n't have to add any butter to keep your crepes from sticking . The low rim keeps the batter uniform without spills -LRB- why I do n't want the convex electric crepe makers -RRB- yet easy to flip . The weight is n't bad for the size and should n't be a problem unless you 're feeding an army . I actually like my crepes a bit larger though , but this a good starter pan .
 Best non stick pan I have ever purchased ! I have had many selections over the years , but this ranks above all . Superior product .
 I purchased this pan predominantly to make pancakes . It is such a handy griddle pan that I find myself using it for everything . The size , weight and even heat make this a great all around pan .
 This pan is useful for omelettes , pancakes , burgers and sauteeing just about anything . It heats the food evenly and is very easy to clean .
 This is a great pan . I use it primarily for omelets and it is easy to clean . High quality . Would definately buy another
 Bought this pan because the price was right , free shipping , and needed one . Its great and I recommend this pan .
 This pan is a dream to clean . Nothing sticks and it is easy to cook with . You must be careful not to scratch the coating with anything metal .
 Much lighter than the 12 inch which I found to heavy . Sides are a little low and the rivets that hold the handle are NOT non stick . This means food sticks here .
 Using `` crepe pan '' in the description may frighten people off and that would be a real shame . This pan is great for preparing eggs , pancakes , french toast , and yes crepes . It 's also great for making a quick burger or sauteeing some veggies . It 's truly non-stick , was is fabulous in and of itself . And the shallow walls make it easy to flip , nudge , or otherwise move food around or out of the pan.It 's worthwhile to note though that they are very low walls - so you 're not going to fit a lot of anything . Last night for example I used it to make a simple sautee for two as a side dish . If I was cooking the same recipe for 4 I might find myself reaching for a different pan .
 I purchased this pan a few weeks ago when Amazon was running a special $ 19.99 deal on it . I now feel like this is one of the best deals I have gotten in a long time.After years of using thin , inexpensive small skillets that I bought at Wal-Mart , Target , etc -LRB- and that I could n't put in the oven -RRB- I decided it was time to upgrade . I have used this pan so many times since it arrived that I have lost count . I have been very impressed by the performance of this pan every time I have used it.Some reviewers have complained that this pan seemed thin compared to other Calphalon skillets they had used . I can not speak to how thin this pan is compared to other Calphalon skillets , as this is the first Calphalon skillet-type pan I have purchased . But I would not categorize it as thin or flimsy . Quite the contrary . I do have 2 Calphalon saucepans and I think that in overall heft , this griddle/crepe pan is very comparable.As other reviewers have stated , the pan did come in an unmarked , white box -LRB- except for the `` Made in China '' sticker that was on it -RRB- . Do understand that this is not a skillet , meaning the sides are not deep . Also meaning that it is not a pan to be used for large quantities . The low sides had me a little concerned when I initially ordered it . Would I be able to use this pan for much ? Since it has arrived I have happily discovered just how versatile it actually is . It 's a perfect pan for scrambled eggs and frittatas , along with many other dishes -LRB- I have made sauces , and even oven-baked macaroni & cheese in this pan -RRB- . Also , if you are cooking for 1 or 2 , you ca n't beat this pan - even at the $ 29.99 price .
 Never knew I needed a Crepe pan in my life ... . til Amazon had this one on sale . Now , I am hooked . Omelets , anyone ? This pan is amazing - perfectly shaped , and an evenly cooked , `` crispy - on - the - edges - but - not - anywhere-else '' stuffed full , perfect omelet is the result every time . My husband likes it for pancakes - although I find it a bit small for making more than two or so atta time . I am hooked on Caphalon products - useful , durable , well thought out - and look nice hanging on my pot rack too . Still have to try making crepes
 Love the pan -- we do , of course , use it for more than crepes . Have never been unhappy with any of Calpahalon or Analon 's products .
 I just bought this pan and I think it will work out very well . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five , is because I ca n't get my crepe batter to stick to the pan ! I made a wonderful omelette in the pan this morning , but I bought the pan for crepes . I 'm thinking the problem may be the small amount of oil in the batter coupled with the pan 's nonstick surface makes the batter act like liquid mercury in a high school science lab . I 've never made crepes before , so I 'm at a loss . Should I take the oil out of the recipe , buy a steel crepe pan , or is there something else I can do ? Any suggestions will be most-appreciated !
 Just bought one.Looks like it is a little deeper than I orginally thought it would be.WOndering if it will work well for the crepes I make .4 stars for that.Slightly heavy , but good.Yet to see how good the non stick surface is .
 In an earlier review of this pan -LRB- Dec 3 , 2002 -RRB- I made some statements about hard anodized surfaces and dishwashers . I have since done some reading and determined that Calphalon believes that the chemicals in almost any liquid cleaner and in acidic foods will attack the hard anodize and the non stick surfaces . I guess Calphalon is consistent , since they say the hard anodize surface will not wear off , will not scratch off with dry Scotchbrite pads , and if it goes into reverse anodize mode , nothing gets in the food . Then they say that vinegar and lemon juice attack it and dishwasher detergents void the warranty.Just to reiterate my own experience , something in the cooking process appears to attack the hard anodize more than the detergents I have used , which is irrelevant for a non-stick interior , such as the pan in question .
 Every time she uses it my wife tells me how much she likes this pan . I get omelets and pancakes much more often now . Nuff said .
 Just a wonderful Pan.Makes perfect eggs on low heat that do n't turn to rubber.Crepes / Pancakes turn a lite golden brown . Beautiful.The grill cheese is the best I 've ever made.I ca n't belive you can get somthing of this quality for this price.And the nonstick is so good it almost cleans itself ! I did find you must use a low heat setting . Maybe that is the reason some people did not like theirs . Do n't just fire it up on high , you will ruin your dish . Get it . You will enjoy years of use .
 I love this pan , it is totally non stick . perfect size for grilling up a steak , cooking eggs and crepes , stir frys , I use this pan more than any pan I own , and love the Calphalon finish . It is well worth the money .
 This is one of the most versatile `` skillets '' I have ever had . It 's the first pan I grab when making breakfast since it functions so well as a griddle . It 's fab for crepes too - but I find I use it for just about everything.I am a good chef -LRB- got the thighs to prove it ! -RRB- and this is a must have as far as I am concerned .
 I use this as an omlette pan and it works perfectly . It cleans up great . The only issue I have is that it does n't come with a lid . Calphalon says it 's too shallow but with their domed lids I do n't think that would matter . Still I give it 5 stars because the pan itself is great .
 This is my first calphalon . Really Nice pan.cooks well and durable.Non-stick works well and clean up is easy . The price is great.Appearance is attractive.This is great for pancakes , and as well as indian dosas -LRB- ricecakes -RRB- , and omeletes.I am enjoying with this pan .
 This is a great pan to have hanging from your pot rack . It comes in handy for grilled sandwiches , a couple eggs , or anything small that needs a quick browning . Typical outstanding Calphalon even heating , and non-stick
 This is the ABSOLUTE BEST pan I have ever used ! It does n't matter what I make , it cooks it to perfection . I do n't know the reason why , but it does n't really matter !! I just wish that it came in different sizes .
 I bought this for myself , and then gave it to my sister and my brother , and then to my mother , and then to my other sister and other brother . We all use it every day . It 's a perfect pan for just about everything , and is a wonderful hostess gift !
 I like it very much . It works very well so far . The price is so good . I am very happy to buy it .
 LOVE IT ! Ca n't live without it ! Use it every day , sometimes multiple times.I cook everything in it . Everything!Calphalon Commercial is really the best . I have had many and that is what I have found . Would recommend this to anyone ! I love Amazon 's price on it too !
 I call this pan my `` magic pan '' . It cooks eggs without a bit of butter , or grease of any kind . I use this pan everyday and could not imagine getting along without it . J.
 This is the first time I have used Calphalon . I have always seen these pans in the stores but they were prohibitably expensive , I believe because they are a professional grade . This one was a special price purchase and I am so glad that I found it . You just wipe a little oil on the pan and heat it before you put meat or veggies in and it cooks them just perfectly . No need for high heat . I plan to buy many more .
 this should be more 0.7 cm deep . It is so shallow that you only fry eggs but nothing
 The pan is just as good as everyone says . I have purchased many over the years . The problem is , if you 're not careful , you can really overpay . I 've seen it priced between $ 18 . to $ 30 and then back to $ 18 . . All at Amazon .
 This is a great pan for small family of 2-3 people . Makes great pancakes , egg omlets , tortilla , etc. . It 's a bit shallow for stir fry , but still useable if you want to make sautee mushrooms or something in that nature.Non-stick , I 've used it only for a few weeks , so not sure how long it lasts . But just from looking at the finish and the few weeks of use , it looks to last a fairly long time . Typically have to change the cheap non-stick pans every 6-10 month , this one costs about $ 10 more , but the material really looks like it 's going to last at least 2x longer .
 This pan is awesome . First off , it 's a Calphalon . Secondly , it 's extremely usefull . I use it mostly for eggs/omlettes , but really can be used for so much more . Sautee onions , grilled cheese , sauteed chicken , etc. . The shallow sides makes it easy to manuever your food with a spatchula .
 I have had this pan for over a year , and I use it as much as possible . The low sides of this pan mean that there are limited applications , but it does the most awesome job on fried eggs . Nothing sticks to the pan surface.It cleans in a snap and we never put it in the dishwasher . It was my favorite nonstick pan when we had an electric stove , and now that I 've upgraded to gas it is still my favorite.I want to get some more Calphalon Commercial Nonstick stuff , but all the others are pretty expensive . As soon I win the lottery , all of my other non-stick pans are going to the goodwill and I 'm getting all ones in this series .
 I 've had this pan for 8 months now and I love it . Here 's what prompted me to write a review
 This Commercial Nonstick griddle is the Real Deal ! This Collector 's Edition 10 '' Griddle was Manufactured in Toledo Ohio . It is not stamped Made in China . It does have the cool V handle and I look forward to many years of use . Thanks Amazon for an awesome buy !
 I 'd considered the KING of Cookware out of my price range until an Amazon purchase opened my Gold Box ... started checking it and found this pan for under $ 25 incl S&H . I never had a pan to cook crepes or ` swedish pancakes ' w/o burning the first one or two . This one is right from the first to the last . Result is two more Gold Box purchases of Calphalon for 75 % off the local retail prices in Fort Myers . Amazon is the way to go .
 This is a great shallow pan , and I would recommend it to anyone . It 's a good weight , distributes heat evenly , and wipes out easily when you are done . I made my crepes in it , then made omelettes in it -LRB- yeah , I know it 's not technically an omelette pan -RRB- to fit the crepes , then rolled them all up together for a fine brunch meal . Worked out fine . This pan is also great for heating flour tortillas - perfect fit . Because I cook for one , I 'd use this for more purposes if it had a lid . But the non-stick is its best feature - that 's terrific !
 The shallow sides and perfect size make this the ideal pan for omelettes . Eggs are one of the things that definitely work better in a nonstick pan , and this one suits the bill perfectly . I prefer to make `` once folded '' omelettes -LRB- you know , half-moon shaped rather than putting the stuff in the middle and folding both sides over the middle -RRB- and this pan is completely perfect for making the right size to fit on one side of a plate.If you wished to fry three eggs you could do that too , I 'm not sure what that other person was going on about . What frying pan CAN you make more than one pancake at a time in ? Sheesh . Get a griddle for that . If you want to make omelettes or crepes , this pan is perfect .
 This has been an excellent pan since I bought it in 2007 . I mainly use it for frying eggs . The non-stick surface has been very durable . The pan has just the right mass to cook evenly without taking too long to heat up . It 's solid but light enough that I can just flick my wrist to flip a set of eggs.I was going to buy another one so I could cook 2 sets of eggs at the same time but I noticed it now costs more than double what it did back when I bought the first . It is a good pan , but I 'd say it 's not worth that much .
 When I see 20 or so 1 star reviews , I have to wonder if a few people got defective pans , or are accidentally reviewing a different pan , because I have had this pan for many years , and it is still perfectly non-stick , and makes outstanding , gossamer-thin crepes . I never put it in the dishwasher , which has probably prolonged its life . It is perfect for cooking a couple of eggs , heating tortillas , or sauteing a few mushrooms to go on a steak . Great pan for those who are cooking often for one or two people .
 Works great , after 2 years nonstick surface is still perfect . The underside is trashed from cooking on a glass-top stove spilling stuff , etc , however this has been one of the best pans I 've ever had , behind the 12 '' Calphalon Unison Slide which is the best non-stick I 've ever owned . This is so much better than the cheaper walmart versions , better bang for the buck in the long-run .
 This is my favorite pan . I had my first one for at least 9 years ! I originally got it for crepes , but I use it for everything ! Pancakes , sauteing , heating tortillas , etc. . Only downside is that if anything drips over the sides , it will stain the back side permanently . Love the pan - you will too !
 This has been my egg-only pan for 3 years now , and in that time I have made many an omelet as perfect as Julia Child . It is also great for frittatas , because it can go in the oven as well . It still looks almost as new as when I purchased it . I love this pan .
 This is an excellent buy ! The pan does take a few minutes to heat up , but once it does , the performance is great ! It heats everything so evenly , and makes it hard to burn things -LRB- for which I am notorious ! -RRB- The nonstick surface has held up very well for a year , and is very easy to clean . I only wish it was a little bit larger , because I Have a big family . I am on the lookout for a bigger version - I hope I find one that performs as well as this !
 It 's fairly versatile for a few quick eggs or an omelete in the morning . If you 're not used to nonstick , you have to play with temps for a bit before getting good results . Sometimes using a bit of your favorite oil or butter -LRB- it does n't take much -RRB- , will finish the food a little nicer . That 's a matter of taste however.I find it 's a bit small for pancakes unless you want to make them one at a time and I find my ol' favorite seasoned crepe pan works better for crepes to get that `` roll '' effect when necessary -LRB- nonstick CAN be too nonstick ! -RRB- . It is a good all-around nonstick pan though and for the price , I will probably buy another just to have it on hand.One other thing , let the pan heat up with no more than MEDIUM heat or possibly a slight bit above that , before cooking your food . NEVER use high heat with this pan or you will ruin the finish . SInce it is nonstick , you should n't have to take much trouble washing it . Sometimes I just use a paper towel if I have n't slopped something over the edge -LRB- okay , so I 'm messy ... -RRB-
 I love the quality of my calphalon pan for making lots of fat free breakfast items with.I recommend though that you read the use instructions to not put it in the dishwasher and not use the non-stick sprays like pam in your pan . This will keep your calphalon pan performing like new !
 This pan may turn out to be my favorite of all . I bought it specifically to make pfannkucken -LRB- German pancakes -RRB- and it is perfect for that but I find that I 'm searching it out for all sorts of cooking chores from lightly steaming vegetables , toasting split buns and muffins to quickly pan-searing veal chops or even frying chicken.It cleans easily and there 's no worry about handles melting in hot ovens since the handle is metal . It hangs beautifully for storing in a hanging pot rack , too .
 I have one of these and loved it so much that I have purchased several more for gifts ! Making crepes with this pan is the greatest in that you do not have to use very much oil , if any , and the crepes are easy to flip without sticking . Pan heats evenly so the crepes come out evenly cooked . Makes it fast and easy ! You will love it ! Takes but a few seconds to clean the pan when done !
 Calphalon is my wife 's favorite cookware . Calphalon pans are usually pretty pricy . I was impressed with this low price on Amazon . They 're not afraid to back their products with a lifetime warranty . This vouches for the high quality cookware they produce.Certainly a nonstick surface is a must for crepes . Despite the low price , this pan does have that Calphalon solid and sturdy feel too . The aluminum core perfectly distributes the heat . I noticed no hotspots.The only questionable design element is that the handle runs hot from the side of the pan up to the fork in the `` Y '' shape , which I thought was allowing heat to go a little too far down the handle . But it 's really no big deal once you are aware of it.Hands down this is the best crepe pan that I 've used .
 I 've had this pan for a little over a year , and I must say it is Calphalon quality at a very low price . It 's a perfect gift idea for the person who loves to cook but does n't want to spend a ton on a cookware set . It cleans extremely well , cooks well , and looks and FEELS solid as can be.Great gift .
 This thing is now the workhorse of our little kitchen . I got it last month on one of those Friday sales -LRB- cheap pricing and free shipping -RRB- . We use it for omelets , eggs , bacon , grilled cheese sandwiches and yesterday we used it for hamburgers for the first time . WOW ! Wipes clean with just a wet paper towel , folks ! No scrubbing needed . Perfectly even heating , even on an ancient electric stove.DO NOT PUT THIS PAN IN THE DISHWASHER ! ONLY USE NYLON , SILICONE `` RUBBER '' OR WOODEN IMPLEMENTS/TOOLS ! DO NOT USE STEEL WOOL ! The directions clearly tell you about these things , but I 've read some pretty poor reviews of this pan here at Amazon which describe the problems people had with this pan , because they did n't follow the directions ! Duh ! You never use steel wool on nonstick coatings , or metal knives and forks , but some people did exactly that and whoops , what do you know -- they scratched their pan . Some people put it in the dishwasher and whoops -- they pitted the outside of the pan , which is made of anodized metal.Just wipe it out and put it away dry and you will never need another small pan like this again in your lifetime . I mean it . I am getting another one of these , plus splurging on lots more in their commercial nonstick line . I ordered the 11 '' square griddle pan -- that 's another great pan -- and I now want to order the covered 10 '' and 12 '' double-handled stovetop pots/pans . My pan was made in China -LRB- at least , the plain white , cardboard box it came in said it was -RRB- . It was perfect as punch and works extremely well , regardless of its origin.Trust me . BUY THIS PAN , AT THIS PRICE , WHILE YOU CAN !
 I am a chef and after perusing all of the restaurant supply places I found this pan . I just bought six for the restaurant . Do we make crepes ? No not often . What you are looking at is the best quesadilla pan I have ever used.Why ? First of all the nonstick is bulletproof . We use high btu gas stoves and the non stick is undeterred unlike many of the pans we have used here . A little too much heat with these other pans and the coating starts to fail . It could be the thickness of the aluminum or just great non stick on the calphalons . Look at the price and you will understand why I bought six .
 The pan has generally been a joy to work with . Heating is even and adjustments to the temperature are apparent very quickly . Both crpes and omelettes easily slide off the pan without additional oil . Cleanup is thus very simple - hand wash with soap and a sponge.I would n't recommend the pan for tortillas because the higher temperatures needed . -LRB- Tortillas do not have eggs and , if done right , should n't stick . A cast iron skillet is more than adequate . -RRB- The primary drawback I 've had with the pan is the handle
 This pan is top quality as the other Calphalon pans I own . It heats evenly and its smooth nonstick surface and cool handle makes flipping crepes a breeze . The crepes brown nicely and cleanup is a snap . I use to use a cast iron griddle for making crepes which worked well , buts its weight and hot handle did n't make flipping crepes an easy task -LRB- now its use is limited to tortillas -RRB- . My only wish is that I had invested in this pan years ago .
 I should have upgraded my rating after using this pan for 6 months . It deserves four stars -LRB- maybe 5 -RRB- . It is a tremendous value , a great pan but it does have limited uses . I was far too critical in my initial review where I only gave it 3 starsFor the $ 15.00 I paid at Amazon , this pan is a great buy . It is also a superior product . But read the description - it is a crepe pan . It is quite shallow -LRB- about an inch in depth -RRB- and small - the inner cooking surface measures 81/2 '' in diameter at the bottom of the pan.The pan is heavy and for the weight involved the Handle is too narrow , slippery and a bit too short . As another reviewer said - you wo n't be flipping anything without using a spatula.Keep the limited use of this pan in mind when deciding whether to make a purchase . At the $ 15 I paid it probably deserves 6 stars but at $ 30 it is just a great pan with limited usage . You will have to decide whether you need it.The non-stick coating seems very superior . Nothing sticks . After 6 months I can really say NOTHING STICKS ! I 've used nothing but water -LRB- no soap -RRB- and the pan is still clean.I 've abused this pan since I 've had it , going from full heat to cold water , to rinse it . It is still perfectly flat on my glass stove top.Scrambled Eggs have NEVER cooked so well!UPDATE - December 2009 - this pan is just wonderful even after more than 4 years of use and abuse . Nothing sticks to it , I 've continued to use and abuse it and it has become one of only a few pans I use a couple of times a week . It is small and probably only suits the needs of a household consisting of one or two people . Still - I Highly Recommend It !
 I ca n't say enough great things about this pan . I bought it as a low cost alternative to an omelet pan and it has far exceeded my expectations . It is absolutely wonderful to cook omelets in - or any egg dish . They come out perfectly every time and the non-stick coating and low sides allow you to simply slide the eggs out of the pan onto the waiting plate . It is the perfect size to heat a solitary tortillas too ! This size is wonderful for cooking a serving or two and should be quite useful in anyone 's kitchen . Once I heat up the pan I can make individual omelets in a couple minutes so it is useful for a larger family . It has the weight , riveted handle , etc that you expect from a quality Calphalon product . A great price for a great pan - everyone needs at least one non-stick pan and this is a wonderful choice .
 First let me say I just replaced myAnolon Classic 10-Inch Crepe Panof 3 years with this pan . In that time I found the Anolon pan to be excellent , the only reason I decided to switch was because after 3 years the non stick finish inside the pan was starting to blister and peel off . I felt the finish should have lasted much longer than that.My first impression of the CALPHALON Pan was , it looks and feels quite a bit heavier than my old Anolon pan.It 's more attractive looking , with its shiny metal handle . The Anolon pan had a black plastic handle.It 's larger than the Anolon pan . CALPHALON 10in total across , 81/4 in inside , Anolon 95/8 in across , 73/4 in inside.The slightly larger size of this pan is a nice plus , since I always thought the Anolon pan was a bit small.To my surprise this heavier pan heated up fairly fast on my ceramic glass top stove , but the Anolon pan did so in much less time.The heat distribution was good , as it was on the Anolon pan.The non stick coating on this pan was great , either with cooking or cleaning it . Seemed to be slightly better than the Anolon pan.In Conclusion : : :
 I own several other pans in the Calphalon Commercial line , but none of them are non-stick . Just try to flip an omelet in a pan like that . But , I 've been on a kick lately with making omelettes , and I wanted the perfect pan . This pan is it . I put it over medium flame , let it warm up a little because the pan is a bit thick , it takes a little longer to heat up . Then , add your egg mixture . Wait until you start to see it firm up , then add your choice of ingredients.The best is yet to come . Once you go to fold the omelet over -LRB- using either the half-fold or the three-part fold -RRB- , you 'll find that it 's so simple with no sticking and no breaking . When you finally plate your omelet , it will make you look like you 're a professional chef ! Impress your friends , neighbors , and overnight vistors with your culinary skills.Cleanup is extremely easy , wipe with a damp paper towel and it 's clean . That 's it , nothing sticks to this thing . I have n't had any issues with the coating at all , but make sure you 're using only nylon or silicone utensils , no metal . I do n't think there 's a better pan out there , regardless of price .
 I 've had mine for about a year . It is still in pristine shape and is the one thing I would choose to save if my kitchen was on fire ! The quality of this griddle pan is high . It is safe for oven use . The price , through Amazon is extraordinarily good . I use it more often than any other cooking pot/pan/griddle . It is weighty , but the handle design helps balance that out a bit .
 I bought this pan thinking all I would do on this would be warm tortillas or make pancakes , 3 months ago.I have found myself reaching for it for almost every job that does not require a deep frying pan . I have made eggs , omellets , fried hotdogs , tortillas , cheese sandwiches , beef patties , veggie patties , whatever you can think off . Everything is evenly done and clean up is sooo easy.Yes its heavy and thats why it does its job well . Its not too big or too little so the slim handle can be handled!I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good , easy to care for , versatile , and good looking piece at a good price.Plus point
 This is one of the first purchases for my kitchen . I had breakfast foods in mind . Earlier trials with non-stick cookware resulted in frusration as the teflon coating wore off & the pans never really worked well as they did ` nt retain heat.Inexpensive , nice clean design with a stay cool handle & the non stick surface is easy to keep clean . A little on the heavier side , the pan performs beautifully after it 's heated for a few minutes as the retained heat allows foods to cook better/faster . Have had it for two years now , and used it to cook eggs , crepes , pancakes & warm up foods . A good pan at a great price .
 I have made crepes on about 20 different pans ; none have impressed me . After I pulled the second crepe off of my new Calphalon pan I knew that this was the last pan I would ever use for crepes.I use an old family recipe , and because it was passed down to me by people that used inferior pans it was required that we repeatedly add cooking spray to the pan . I 've been using this recipe for over 16 years and have never questioned the use of the spray . If I did n't use it , the crepes would always stick and tear when pulled from the pan.With the new pan , I no longer have to use cooking spray
 This is accurately described as a griddle/crepe pan , and works well in both capacities . The pan is surprisingly hefty and very well-made . The handle is well-balanced , making this a pleasure to use . Although it could be used for bacon , the low sloping sides will result in considerable splatter ; the same is true for cooking hamburger patties -- though it does a great job of warming leftover patties . Overall , I find it most useful for pancakes , fried eggs , the occasional grilled cheese sandwich and even quesadillas.DON ' T buy this utensil if you want to be able to put it in the dishwasher . However , it washes so easily and quickly that I 'm amazed that anyone would try . A nylon dishcloth or soft sponge works wonders . No abrasive cleaners , just a few drops of liquid detergent or some squirts of Simple Green.DON ' T buy this if you want to be able to use metal utensils . However , there are so many nylon , wood , and synthetic turners available that you should adapt easily . This pan is worth the effort.BOTTOM LINE
 This pan is good for more than just crepes . You can make pancakes , quesidellas , heat tortillas , etc. . So easy to clean , just wipe it . Looks great too .
 Wow - I can definitely understand what all the fuss is about ! All these years I thought my plain old non-stick Wearever pans were great . But after getting this one , especially at such a reasonable price , I understand what all the fuss is about ! It 's like the difference between store-brand chocolate and Godiva . This pan is WONDERFUL - you wo n't regret buying it , and will probably have to figure out who all you 'll want to gift it to , b/c at this price you should definitely share the love !
 We cook a lot of pancakes and egg dishes , and after reading the description and reviews of this pan , we figured -LRB- especially for the price ! -RRB- , we 'd give it a try . This pan is GREAT ! It really is non-stick , and eggs fry up easily and evenly , so do pancakes and omlettes . We recently found it to be a gem at re-heating leftovers or for browning sausages , frying up potatoes for hash-browns , etc. etc. ! We just leave it on the stove because we use it so much !
 This is the best pan I have ever bought . Although I never make crepes or omelettes , this little pan is great for everything . It has the best features of a skillet , omelette pan and a griddle . The bottom of the pan is flatter than an omelette pan , while the sides are higher than the ordinary griddle -LRB- but not as deep as an omelette pan -RRB- . Thus , providing the best of both worlds , and many more uses . I have used it for cornbread , meat , eggs , grilled sandwiches , saute , you name it . I liked the pan the so much , that I bought one for all my relatives for Christmas . At this price , I give it a `` must buy '' rating .
 I have converted over to Calaphalon Commercial for all my cookware . I generally do n't like non-stick -LRB- does n't brown well , not as sturdy over time -RRB- but this little pan is just right for throwing in the bag of groceries you 're bringing on vacation . It is versatile enough to cook for two , is small enough to slide into the grocery bag , is deep enough to hold drippings from bacon and sausage , brown as well as any non-stick will do , and is attractive .
 I will start by saying I have never really liked `` Non-Stick '' cookware . You can not use metal utensils in it . It will not brown any thing and in general is a pain in the butt . However , I needed a replacement for my trusted old well-seasoned steel crepe pan . It was probably 40 plus years old and time and TLC had made it as non - stick as a good old black iron skillet . I cooked Crepe 's , Egg 's , Griddled sandwiches , and pancakes in it for years but the rivets for the handle finally just broke . What good is a low-sided pan with holes in the side and no handle?I have to say that I bought this pan first for price , second for need and third as an experiment . It passes on all accounts . It is an exceptional value for the money . It is non-stick and I can use and have used metal utensils in with no ill effect . An yes `` Virginia '' it does brown food . I have cooked everything from Crepe 's to Flounder in it without any problems.My only real complaint is the handle balance is a bit off for me I wish the handle were about 2 inches longer . Other than that , the fact that you can not put it in the dishwasher but on the other hand I never put it predecessor in the dishwasher either.Will I but more Calphalon hard-anodized commercial the answer is yes will it replace my stainless steel and tin lined copper NO . Does it have place in my Kitchen Yes
 I agree with the other reviewers , this pan is hefty and the non-stick interior is great . I do n't know why another reviewer said that it is oval in shape , mine is perfectly round . Perhaps he got the fajita skillet which is very similar to the griddle/crepe pan but that one is in fact oval .
 I just love this pan . I have had other Caphalon pans that I did n't like as well . This pan is heavy , and seems more durable then my other Caphalon pans . The nonstick coating does n't scratch when I am using regular silverware . It is a great size to use for anything .
 More uses than the 12 '' and fits the electric burner for more even heating . Good durable surface and ca n't beat the price .
 Started on the Atkins diet back in July of 2002 when my wife saw of picture of me with my pony and said `` you 're wider than your horse . '' Breakfast now is bacon/sausage/hame etc and fried eggs . The regular non-stick Calphalon pan is a pain for fried eggs because the sides are high . The non-stck Calphalon griddle has no sides but its really big for just a couple of eggs . And not worth a damn for scrambled eggs . Like Baby Bear said this pan with the wierd name is `` just right . '' And cleans up in a heartbeat . I would n't have connected an `` International Griddle/Crepe Pan '' as being great for fried eggs . But that 's what a review on Cooking.com said and they were right on the money .
 Visitors to my kitchen spot this pan and often ask what I use it to do . My answer
 I got this pan , and wow , am I impressed !! It is a thick , heavy pan and works great for pancakes !! I think I will look at the other pans in this line , since this one is so nice !!
 this is light weight , easy to clean , not too big , ideal for omlettes or indian flat breads
 Perfect for rotis/chapatis . Lasts long time with decent amount of upkeep.Last one I bought lasted me for more than 3 years .
 This pan is nice and sturdy . Like someone said , it 's a little heavy for me to handle by one hand.But nothing sticks on this pan ... I 've been using this pan more than a year , but there is no scratch on it 's surface , because I do n't have to rub it when I wash it . It cleans very well just wiping off it with soapy cloth and rinsing.I just love this pan !!
 I love Calphalon to begin with and this is just another great pan available . It is heavy but it is built solid and for use . Heats evenly and handle stays cool to the touch . Great pan to finish off items in the oven . I think this is a great pan for doing egg crepes .
 Bought two last year -LRB- one for me and one for my daughter -RRB- and they are wonderful for making crepes . My daughter even abuses hers a little -LRB- occasionally tossing it into her dishwasher -RRB- and the nonstick surface is still working well.Well made ... and a fair price .
 this is the best you can get it , s perfect for bacon , sausage , eggs , pancakes , grilled cheese , pork chops , fish , burgers,stir-fry . all without any sticking . easy to use , clean up is easy just wipe it out . gurantee is for life.Amazon has the best price & the quickest shipping
 Hands down the best piece of cookware I have ever owned . Wash it gently and size it after everry use and the pan performs and looks like new . The pan heats evenly and comes up to temperature in a short period of time . No need to adjust flame - temperature remains constant . Sunnyside up eggs never looked or tasted better . Pan grill chicken , fish or burgers perfectly and then make pancakes or french toast the next morning . If you generally cook for three or less , you probably can get by with this as your only griddle/fry pan . I own other Calphalon products which I am more or less satisfied with , but this pan definitely stands alone for quality , performance and utility .
 This is a great pan for omelets , fried eggs , crepes , Dutch pannekoeken -LRB- like crepes -RRB- . Food does n't stick and clean up is so easy .
 Others have already said tons of good things about this ... so I wo n't go on . This thing is great ... the nonstick lasts , the pan is solid , looks good , and lasts long -LRB- for a nonstick -RRB- .
 I LIKE THIS PAN BECAUSE I ALWAYS GRILL MY SANDWICH AND IT IS EASIER TO TURN THE SANDWICH BECAUSE OF THE LOW SIDES . THE PAN IS USED FOR OTHER THINGS BUT THAT WAS THE MAIN REASON WE BOUGHT IT .
 Excellent pan . Use with low heat and the pan heats evenly . And a wipe with a sponge and it 's ready for the next use . Highly recommend this item .
 I have a whole set of Calphalon -LRB- their hard-annodized commercial line -RRB- and needed another non-stick pan . Calphalon is a wonderful product , and they stand behind their warranty .
 A versatile pan that stows easily , heats evenly , and cleans up quickly . Since we do n't make crepes , I wish the sides were a bit taller .
 If you think that what you cook in does n't make a difference you have got to try this pan.Wonderful even heat nonstick and the food just tastes better .
 I 've owned this pan before . The non stick coating wears off after a few years and then I needed to replace it and it 's great that the same pan was available to buy . This pan is used quite often in my kitchen , it 's a perfect size for cooking breakfast and other things . I can only hope when the coating wears off in a few years I can purchase another one !
 Greatsest Pan I have ever owned ... recently bought porclain top stove so my Revere Ware is outdated . replaces slowly with calphlaon ! Even made crepes for the first time !
 I purchased two of these and used them as every day pans in our kitchen . They were used if not daily close to daily and sometimes multiple times in a day . We hand washed them so , they never saw the inside of a dishwasher.The nonstick coating has just begun to wear off after three years of use .
 This pan has been great for what I wanted it to do . I use it for pancakes , french toast , eggs , omelets , and sauteing veggies . It is heavy and heats very evenly . Nothing sticks and clean up is a snap . It is not a deep skillet yet it holds 2 pieces of toast well . I would definitely buy this over again !
 I have found that i use this as a catch-all for my frying needs . heats evenly and cleans easily what more can you ask for !
 I purchased this pan because the non stick surface of the inexpensive pans I 've purchased always pealed off . This pan is much better made and has performed well so far . It cooks evenly and quickly once it is hot and it seldom burns food . I 'm also impressed with the metal handle that does not get too hot and looks great . The non stick surface cleans easily so hand washing is not a problem . The price though well discounted is not cheap and I would have liked a lid . I 've purchased a ten inch lid through Amazon and I hope it fits . If so it will be a perfect pot but at 11/2 times the initial cost .
 This is pan has by far the best anti stick surface I have ever used . I thought my other pans -LRB- Farberware -RRB- were good but this one puts them to shame . It has superb heat distribution . A wipe with a paper towel or a damp dishcloth is all I have had to use to clean it . I am planning on buying two more as presents for my daughters . In the future , as I need to add to or replace my existing cookware , I will be purchasing Calphalon pans .
 Okay , my only crepe pan ever . But I will say this , why would I ever need another crepe pan ? This pan is awesome for crepes but also works well for all sorts of things . We use it to make eggs , saute , make grilled cheese sandwiches -LRB- can fit two sandwiches at a time -RRB- ... The low sides make it easy to get into to flip crepes , pancakes or sandwiches . The pan is not too large -LRB- will cover a large burner but not extend too much further -RRB- which ensures even heating and is the perfect size for your crepes !! I 've tried numerous recipes and my favorite crepe recipe can be found in Martha Stewart Cookbook , Collected Recipes for Everyday . You can whip up a batch in the blender in no time!We love to eat crepes with strawberry jam -LRB- homemade , of course ! -RRB- or with butter and sugar inside . Yum!This pan is a very durable and economical choice . We 've had ours for over four years now and used it almost daily . The finish is still well intact and is perfectly nonstick after all this time . Must use utensils designed for nonstick finish with this one or the coating will get scratched .
 My husband bought this pan for me , but he uses it more than I do.He cooks eggs and bacon or sausage in it daily.The other day he said `` I love this pan . '' What pan is so great that a guy loves it ? I love it too . It never gets put away . I just wish it was bigger .
 My neighbor turned me on to Calphalon about a year ago and they are amazing ! The best quality and the cooking heat is so even . They also clean up real nice and if you have a tough spot you can buy the Calphalon cleaner and it works great ! I have a large collection of these pans now and they make cooking even more fun .
 After I received the poor quality stir fry pan , I thought this one might be of the same caliber , but I ordered it anyway it since the reviews were so positive . I was not disappointed in this quality pan at all , but I do n't really care for the handle -LRB- hence a 4 star vs. 5 star rating -RRB- . Since it was a Friday sale for $ 16.88 w / FS , it was quite a bargain .
 I purchased this nonstick pan for my wife for Christmas . It is a fairly shallow pan since it 's made for crepe 's , but we like to use it to fry up 5 or 6 scrambled eggs . It 's a breeze to clean and the handle truly stays cool to the touch - even on our gas range which heats the handle of all of our other pots and pans . This pan is very durable , but b/c of it 's size , it 's not too heavy to lift easily with one hand . I highly recommend this commercial nonstick series to anyone who wants very high quality , lasting cookware .
 My first Calphalon purchase and for a great price on Amazon . Makes great omlettes and grilled cheese . A perfect 10 inch size skillet for my smooth surface cook top . Extremely easy clean up and the non-stick surface is perfect !! Will look for more items similar to this in hopefully as good a price range on Amazon . Purchased additional 's of this item for gifts .
 This is a great sturdy piece that heats very evenly . It also has a great scratch resistant surface . Even with metal utensils and many uses , I have n't gotten a single scratch on this pan . If you 're looking for a versatile pan , this is a good one .
 This is the best pan for actually cooking eggs you 'll find , but the surface is a little fragile . I had to replace mine in less than a year , and bought a spare in anticipation of having to do it again .
 I love this little pan . Thus far , I 've only fried eggs in it , but it heats up evenly , cooks the eggs perfectly and they slide around the pan and flip over so easily ! It 's a great size and weight , the handle is a little narrow , but that 's not that big a problem . I bought one for my daughter , son and sister - the price is fab for this pan ! Buy it ! I 've since bought two more of this pan for friends . It went back down to $ 16.99 and I scooped two more up . I 've made french toast and fried up sausage in it and I still love it !
 This is a great pan . Eggs just slide right out . And it 's perfect for the single grilled cheese sandwich . If you can find a better pan at a better price , you 'd better buy it ... 'cause it does n't get much better than this !
 Wow . I love this thing . First off , the build quality is great . Very heavy and solid . The performance is great . The only thing I 've done is make pancakes , but it gets hot fast , makes a beautiful , even , golden-brown cake , and allows very easy turning -LRB- with a non-stick utensil , of course -RRB- . The non-stick coating on the pan itself is great and makes incredibly easy clean-up . I just let it cool off , and then run a drizzle of water over it , and all residue falls right away.And , the Amazon.com price makes it a super-deal . I was n't expecting to be this pleased , but I am .
 From omelets , to taco meat with seasonings , to stir fry , this is the best pan I have ever used . I hand wash , this cookware is too good to put in dishwasher . Cleans up so easy under hot running water .
 By following the care instructions given with the pan , it 's a delight to use to make omlettes and crepes and such . Calphalon stands up to it 's hype !
 Excellent quality and quick , reliable shipping . Only complaint is that I wish the pan were larger .
 EXCELLENT pan ! We needed a good egg , omelet , French toast , and pancake pan . It 's perfect for all of these dishes . It 's multicoated with nonstick , and anodized on the outside of the pan . It heats evenly and has good weight . It 's the best coated pan we 've owned .
 I adore this pan ! I use it daily . Because of it 's non-stick surface , I can cook with little or no oil , and the clean up is very , very easy . I 'd recommend this to anyone , and have bought it as a gift for my kids !
 what a pleasure to use , I love this non stick pan . and the price at amazon can not be beat ... great deal . .
 I send this as a gift to my future daughter in law and she just loves it .
 I could not cook without this pan . I do n't know how I did without it . I try to use rather low fat and this is great for many different jobs . I like to cook pancakes especially in it . It was a great buy .
 I was a little leary about buying this pan . But it is one of my favorites ! I use this every morning to make eggs for my family of 10 . I also use it to warm up individual servings of left overs . It heats it up really fast ! I keep thinking I should buy another just to have a spare .
 I like to fry vegetables or eggs . This is a very convenient and not heavy pan for me . I like it very much .
 Excellent , I use it to make and heat tortiallas , pancakes . Conducts heat evenly , handy to have .
 This pan has been amazing so far ! I 've even fried an egg with NO oil !
 i 've had this pan for years and it 's still great . I wash it by hand with a non-abrasive sponge , and the crepes slide right off . sometimes i do n't even use any butter - i just pour the crepe right on it .
 Works perfect for pancakes and omelettes . Even heating , non-stick . I ca n't believe the price was so low !
 Great pan for the money . It is used daily at our house and cleans up good as new each time .
 It is a little heavy . But it does not matter because it is great . You do n't need oil when frying eggs . And it is very easy to wash it . You can just wipe paper towels over the pan . I think it has high class quality . Pick and use it . Do you need more explanation ?
 I use this pan every day , every meal . It is the `` handiest '' thing in my kitchen .
 found all kinds of uses for this little pan . i love it . infact i have already bought another .
 I have quite a few calphalon pans , but needed a smaller pan for making just a couple of eggs or for making crepes or smaller omelets . This is a nice little pan for the price - it definitely gets the job done ! I 've been treating it with kid gloves , though , because I have had sticky problems with calphalon 's non-stick before . So I do n't recommend this pan if you ca n't control your urge to use cooking spray or metal utensils or to scrub with anything too scratchy when cleaning.But other than that , this pan is a great little addition to my kitchen !
 I would give this pan more stars if it were possible . This small skillet is used more than any other item in our entire kitchen . In the morning we may prepare eggs or even mini pancakes for the kids before school . Clean up is a breeze . nothing sticks to it . It makes great grilled sandwiches , grilled veggies for fajitas , hamburgers , really anything . It heats up quickly on our gas stove , temperature is extremely uniform throughout the entire surface . Because of its size , it never gets put away . We use it many times throughout the day , but most often for breakfast . I highly recommend this griddle/crepe pan to anyone , it works well for our large family . It is so versatile . The long handle stays cool . I really must say this pan makes cooking so much more fun because it works with so many different foods .
 We used this griddle for the 1st time this weekend . It was wonderful . I would recommend it highly .
 Great product , ca n't beat the price ! Great for everyday uses , like grilled cheese !
 I 'M VERY PLEASED WITH MY PAN . I USE IT EVERY DAY , CLEANUP IS EASY ! I GAVE IT 4 STARS ONLY BECAUSE IT DOES NOT HAVE A LID . THIS WAS MY FIRST CALPHALON PAN , I WILL BE BUYING MORE !
 i was looking forward to using this pan even before i ordered it , but it is so much better than i expected ... it 's the highest quality pan i own , and i own some nice cookware . i have turned into a crepe-makin ' mama , and i dream about what i can create next while i 'm en route to/from work ... also makes fabulous omelettes ! i was worried that it would be on the small side , but it is perfect for a main course-sized crepe .
 I ordered two of these a couple of years ago and LOVE them ! These mugs fit just right into the one-cup-at-a-time coffee dispensers at work and they hold a decent amount of coffee so you do n't have to go for refills every ten minutes . Plus I get tons of compliments on this cup . A few times I 've been stopped by people who 've seen me put it in the microwave - they panic that it is actually enamelled tin it is made to resemble . I just smile and hit the `` start '' button .
 They really are a pretty set of sheets - and the price is excellent !
 I RECIEVED MY SHEET SET IN A TIMELY MANNER . FOR WHAT I PAID FOR THE SHEET SET I FEEL I GOT A GREAT DEAL . I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY PRODUCT . I HAD ANOTHER SET AND THEY WERE SO THICK THAT MY HUSBAND AND I LIKE TO SWEAT OUR BUTTS OFF . THIS SHEET SET IS JUST RIGHT .
 I love these sheets . I was a little hesitant to order them because of the price . You normally end up getting what you pay for . That is not the case here . Sheets are so soft and very thick . I washed them as soon as I received them as directed on the the instructions . They did not wrinkle or shrink . I have a pillowtop king mattress and they fit perfect . Now my only regret is I should 've ordered a set in each pattern .
 Lovely and soft flannel . Can fit deep mattress . . The colors are much prettier than photo .
 I BOUGHT THIS SET FOR MY 10 YEAR OLDS BED & SHE GETS TONS OF COMMENTS ON THEM.THEY ARE VERY COMFY & VERY WARM.SHE LOVES THEM !! THEY ARE A GREAT SET FOR THE PRICE
 This sheet set is comfortably warm . It seems to be of better quality than a set I paid much more last year . Great Value .
 Very deep pockets , so fits a bit loosely on a standard twin , but it 's soft and cozy . I actually look forward to sleeping with these sheets ! Discounted price is GREAT !
 I bought this sheet set because it was inexpensive , and because I wanted an additional set for my bed but did n't want to spend a lot of cash . I had waffled between these and a different cheap flannel set -LRB- brand Pike Street , also on this site -RRB- , The greater gram weight -LRB- 150 vs. 135 grams -RRB- of this set is what decided me , and also since the other set had mixed reviews.The quality of the sheets is really good -- I washed them before I put them on the bed obviously , and feeling them before I put them in the washer , they felt stiff and like denim -- upon removal from the dryer , they were soft , cuddly , and quite thick ! No pilling -LRB- based on one wash -RRB- and really thick and warm , which is what I 'd prefer from flannel sheets.I can not vouch for the wear of the sheets yet ; I only got them recently but wanted to post a review so that others would know that they are very nice quality , and much better than I was expecting for the price!Also , note that `` oversized '' is mentioned several times in the description -- this is not a misnomer ! The flat sheet is a at least a foot longer than any flat sheet I 've ever had before , and actually touches the floor if I do n't tuck it in at the bottom ! The fitted sheet has nice , deep pockets , and would probably fit a pillow top mattress well -RRB- . It 's slightly too deep for my non-pillow top mattress , but not uncomfortably so.I got the blue floral paisley design , and find it very true to the picture . The bottom of the sheets is also attractive ; white with the darker blue floral design showing .
 These are awesome for $ 6 ! The red floral paisley is gorgeous . The reds are deep and vibrant and the background is a nice peachy color . They washed up great with no piling and are soft and warm ! They do not seem large on my pillow top mattress and even if they were for $ 6 why not go out and buy the sheet holder thingys ? What do they cost $ 3 , maybe ? C'mon and get over it ... if they were too small then that would be more of an issue.I am extremely pleased , so is dear husband and I hope my mom will love her blue floral paisley ones I got for her as well !!!!! Buy these !!!
 The sheets seem fine but the packaging looks like something you would see at `` Dollar General '' . They come off looking very cheap - not a big deal at all really unless you are giving them as a gift .
 When I opened these sheets , I felt them twice to see if they were flannel . Initially , they did n't even feel like flannel . They had a `` hard '' -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- surface . Washing them is what turns them into soft flannel . When I took them out of the dryer they were sooooooo soft . -LRB- My lint trap was PACKED -RRB- . At this writing they have only been throught the initial washing , so this review is not based on continuous use . I was 100 % thrilled until I went to put them on the bed . The corners fit over my mattress fine -LRB- ours is n't a super-thick mattress -RRB- , but I ca n't say how they would fit over the super-thick mattresses . My biggest beef is that they are side-skimpy . The elastic on the fitted shee is only at the corners and the sheets are skimpy enough width-wise that you CAN get them tucked under the side edge of your mattress , but they will not STAY tucked . So far , the fitted sheet has n't popped off the bed , but I wo n't say that day is n't coming . The flat sheet is super long . There is plenty to tuck in at the foot of the bed with enough for a `` turndown '' at the head of the bed . But again , the sides are skimpy . If they were just a bit wider I would give these 5 stars .
 Nice set , very soft and comfortable , they are made slightly oversized and fit a thick mattress perfectly.A few strings came off them at first washing , but no unravelling or fraying.an excellent bargain at the $ 12 they cost me on clearance sale .
 These run VERY large and do not fit correctly because of this . However , for the price , I still think they are a great bargain . They are very heavy duty and will probably last many years . They are also very warm . Almost too warm here in southen California . Those people in cold climates would LOVE them ! Anyhow , I would be giving five stars except for the mismatched fit . But I just tucked it in really good and they stay on the bed just fine .
 After reading some of the reviews on here . . I decided to post my experience . We ordered Queen for our Queen bed and these did not shrink . These sheets are so nice and soft ! They are very fluffy . So my suggestion would be to BUY these . Where else can you get a set of sheets for 8.99 ... the only downside ... one of my daughters has decided she likes these sheets too ... so i just bought 4 other sets of these for each of my girls !
 I bought these for my Dad for his birthday and he said he loves them . after first washing there was a lot of lint in the dryer but this is normal for flannel sheets . He said he used Downey and they came out soft and cuddly . He said he does n't want to get out of bed ! He lives in Ohio and this is his first set of flannel sheets and he said they are comfortable enough to use year round . Great buy for the price and execellent quality !
 She said she loved these sheets , very soft .
 I wish I purchased additional sets of these sheets . So soft and warm . Incredibly priced .
 I got this at the outlet for a fantastic price as a gift and the recipient loves it . I could n't possibly purchase the material alone for double the price . I recommend these highly at this price .
 I think these are great they 're nice and soft . That being said I 'm not as picky as others . Picky abpit certain things but sheets are n't one of them !
 These sheets are NOT for deep , thick mattresses , they are not ` deep pockets ' . For the price , you ca n't beat them , as long as they fit your mattress ... I gave them to my sister since they did n't fit my mattress , and she does like them ... of course , they are warm .
 These shed a lot the first few times in the dryer . Very comfortable and soft when washed with fabric softener . I would buy these again , they kept me warm and happy all winter . I believe I paid under $ 10 for the whole set , what a deal !!!!
 I love the sheets ! They are in great condition ! I love them !
 These were great for the price -LRB- paid $ 5.99 -RRB- . It 's very cold right now and flannel sheets are great for my son . He likes them a lot . They seemed a little stiff coming right out of the package but they soften up after being washed . I loved the color , too .
 I purchased a set of flannel sheets for the Hollidays . They have held up great under use and in the wash . They are soft for the thread cound and have a generous amount of fabric for a larger mattress . GREAT VALUE !
 I purchased this as a gift , but was pleased with the weight and feel of the product . Would buy this brand again .
 Great value for the dollar . Very deep pockets , handle the pillow top mattress with room to spare .
 This is a sweet pattern , almost a chintz design - at an awesome price !
 I read the review and thought maybe I should n't buy them and then I thought for 8.99 what could I loose . When I got the sheets they were very thick and heavy weight , but rough . I washed and dryed them and they are soft and fluffy and thick . Just wonderful . The only mistake was listening to other reviews and ordered the king for my queen . They did n't shrink ! I just tucked them in on one side and then ordered another three sets this morning in the queen size . At that price what are you out . They are so warm and soft . They will last a long time . If they are this soft after just one wash ? ... Very happy with these sheets . Hope you get in on the great deal !
 This is an update of my previous review . I want to upgrade my rating to five stars since I 've washed and used these sheets several times now . They are so soft and cozy that I 've pretty much kept them on the bed all winter , just wash , dry and put back on . That 's unusual for me because I like to have something different on the bed each time . I do n't understand the review about them falling apart because these are very high quality . Some flannel after a few washings will get kind of rough and pilly , but these remain soft . I bought the Confetti print ; maybe it makes a difference which style you get . The only criticism I could come up with is that the fitted sheet is too small for my Queen mattress which is 15 '' thick , smaller than some mattresses which can go up to 18 '' . But it ended up okay because the sheets do stay on , probably because they are flannel ; they stick to my mattress cover which is also a knit material . I wish Amazon would offer these in King size ; I 'd buy two sets ! __________________________________________ -LRB- Original review -RRB- I love these Melrose Home Confetti flannel sheets ! I was a little hesitant to order these because it states `` Heavy Cotton Flannel '' which I already have and do n't like , and also because of poor reviews on the other -LRB- Pike -RRB- flannel sheet sets which were around the same price ... BUT I am more than pleased with them . After the first wash they came out light and fluffy and SO soft ... no pilling whatsoever and hardly any lint build-up in the dryer lint trap , no more than my regular cotton sateen sheets produce . The last two sets of flannel sheets I bought are so heavy , bulky and somewhat stiff , and these are just what I was hoping for , very lightweight , flexible and soft . They are made in Spain which is also a plus . If you like the heavy , stiffer kind then these are not for you . The only negative for me is that in the description it says they are oversized to allow for shrinkage , leading one to believe they would fit today 's thicker mattresses , but these are definitely not for the thicker mattresses . I would order a King for a Queen bed -LRB- and just tuck in the overage on the one side of the fitted sheet -RRB- but unfortunately they are not available . Now these are 8.99 ... I paid 14.99 , still a great deal .
 I love these sheets ... so soft and snuggly - you can not beat the price ! They look stiff until you wash them and then they are absolutely wonderful . They fit my mattress which is DEEP so do n't hesitate to buy if you have a thick mattress ... Can not beat this price and the color is super too !
 Unbeatable price for Queen sized sheets - plus a great design !
 These are really soft . The top sheet is only flannel on one side but for under 8 $ ca n't beat it .
 I bought these sheets for the price and for the fun factor . I did n't count on the comfort and warmth . I 've been using an electric blanket for years . I live in Minnesota , and typically turn it on when the nights get in the 30s ... sometime in November or December . I had already been using the electric blanket religiously when these sheets arrived , and when I put them on my bed I had to turn off the blanket . Yay ! Cost savings , comfort , and warmth , all rolled into one.I 've been sleeping better , more comfortable and surrounded by a fun print all for a very good price .
 wonderful for the price . Very cute and soft . My son loves them on his bed .
 Very comfy and warm . The only complaint is that I have an extra thick matress and the fitted bottom does n't quite fit , but on a non-pillow-top it should be fine
 I bought two sets of these sheets , one as a gift and the other for myself . I washed them before putting them on the bed and they softened up very well . The more I use them and wash them , the softer and fuller they get . I 've paid far more for other sheets , but these have become my favourites . The recipient of the other set loves hers , as well . Great price , great purchase .
 These sheets were great for the price . Deep pockets and nice , soft feel . Would buy again .
 I found the sheets to be top quality and very comfortable .
 I was very pleased with this sheet set with one exception - the fitted sheet was too small and did not want to expand to fit onto all 4 corners of the mattress . I also have a Queen size bed in my home , for which I had ordered the same set , and unfortunately , I found the same problem with this set . I have ended up using the top sheets/pillowcases with a solid bottom because I just love the whimsical print , the softness , and the thickness of these sheets .
 I had been looking for a spare set of flannel sheets for my bed . These are not the best but they certainly are good enough . They are a bit thin but soft and warm . I do recommend them .
 This was a great buy for the price . The only problem that I had with it is that the fitted sheet was too small for my full bed . It was suppose to be for a full size bed but it would not work . It was even too big for a twin size . Other than that , it was a good item for that amount of money .
 This is a great set of sheets ! I needed them for an extra bedroom and they are perfect .
 I purchased these sheets as a gift for my daughter and she loved them so for 9.99 I think I did ok
 A very good value for the price . The fitted sheet is large enough to accomadate the thick mattress . The flat sheet is not quite wide enough , only giving a 8-10 inch overhang .
 I buy Snow Babies for my Goddaughter who is 7 . She loves Disney and loves her Snowbabies , this was a big hit for her . She likes that it is a box and you can put things inside . The colors are bright and the detailing is excellent .
 I have lived with severe allergies most of my life back east . I tried allergy shots and like some other people , I got hooked onto the Ecoquest deal about 5 years ago and ended up buying one of their air purifiers for their claims that they help allergy sufferers . It did make a little difference , but not a whole lot . The unit did not really filter the dust in the air , it just knocked it down . Soon , everything in my house became dustier , and I found myself dusting and vacuuming more . Eventually I stopped using it because the ozone the machine kicked out starting breaking anything elastic or rubber down in the house . After I stopped using it , I figured after all the research done on purifiers , and if Ecoquest was the way to go , then are there really any good purifiers out there?Then I moved from PA to NV and found myself battling a new host of allergy inducing goodies . Finally fed up I began researching air purifiers again . I was determined to get my moneys worth and get something that worked , and worked very well . Most reviews and consumer reported pointed to the IQ systems as being the best , which I will not argue , but they were just too big and expensive . I looked through several other brands that were supposed to be top of the line , but when it came down to the average joe reviews , -LRB- which I take more for face value than the experts -RRB- , I found most of them to have mostly good reviews , but not totally strong reviews . Each had there own flaws.Then I ran into information on the Neoair Enviro and I was impressed . Over the many sites I looked at , the experts and the average consumer had almost all positive reviews about this machine . I then found info on the Plus model and figured it would be the right machine for me because of the super hepa filter it has . It was also only $ 100 more than the basic model and I could get free shipping on it . For on $ 300 bucks , and from what the specs and reviewers were saying , this was a far better buy than a $ 700 IQ . I decided to buy it.A month later , I am not regretting my decision . It a fairly small machine and not very heavy at all . The filers are easy to take out and replace . There is virtually no assembly required and it is almost ready to go out of the box . Due to my allergies being so severe , I had difficulty sleeping at night due to congestion . I found myself eating allergy medication like candy to help me breath . After about six hours of running the machine on high right out of the box , I noticed a difference in the air quality in my bedroom -LRB- where I placed the machine -RRB- and I could actually breath better . The air became crisper and felt cooler . Even my girlfriend noted the difference and she does not suffer from allergies . A month later I could not be happier . It is easy to use and the settings help . It also uses UV but does not produce ozone , which is a plus . I do not thing the machine lives up to the claim that it takes care of 600 sq ft. My bedroom is not all that big and I expected it to reach into the hallway and maybe even other rooms in the house , but it seems my bedroom is the only place where I can truly see a difference . If you are looking for a cheap air purifier that is effective , I suggest you take a look at the Neoair 's .
 I finally got the Neoair Plus after reading many positive customers reviews and because its reasonable price tag.I started to notice a difference in the air just after few hours of use . First I could see a lot less stuff flying around on my living room . Second , the air was much easier to breathe and somehow crispier . After a couple of weeks I sneeze a lot less and I do n't wake up anymore in the middle of the night . Another cool thing is that this air cleaner is very compact and I can move it around the house with zero effort . I love the remote control too . I highly recommend the Neoair Plus , it works for me .
 I purchased the Neoair PLUS air purifier for my living room and I 'm pleased with the fine results .
 I bought the Neoair after a fair amount of research . I 've been verypleased with the results . I have two units , one at work and one in mybedroom and I run them all the time . I 've been breathing much better eversince I got the units and I 'll definitely keep buying Neoair whenever I need more units . -LRB- The ones I have run like a champ and I do n't forseereplacing them for quite a while . -RRB-
 My husband works out on a Soloflex in our finished basement , and recently he 's felt the air was becoming bad in the basement . It was bothering him while working out , he said it was kind of smelly and he felt some kind of chalky weirdness , and he felt it was doing some damage to his lungs since he breathes so hard when working out . We picked up the Neoair air purifier , and the problem seems to have vanished . We can really tell the difference , and are pleased quality of the air in our basement . We are so pleased , in fact , that we may eventually purchase another for our upstairs .
 I 'm already running the Neoair Enviro on my bedroom and now I got a Neoair Plus for the larger area of my home . As expected , it performs very well collecting dust from my house . This unit has a more powerful fan and a thicker HEPA filter that gets the job done quicker.I 'm a happy customer!They offer a special with free filters , here 's the link
 I got the Neoair PLUS to help reduce the toxic black mold on my basement laundry room due to high indoor humidity . So far the air purifier is doing a great job keeping the air clean and preventing new mold colonies from growing .
 I purchased this air system , about 3 months ago , and what can I say , one of the best buys I have every made , , almost immediately you can feel the difference ... Especially for me who has always had respiratory issues , , , FINAL I CAN BREATHE AGAIN ... . I can say that this product is of high quality , I even bought one for my Mom and sister who has two lil kids ... I have two units and if I had more money I would buy more ... Thanks Neoair for putting out such a great product !!!!!!!!!!
 i deducted a star because there really are n't any good directions specific to the care of this pan ; it 's just the same generic le creuset info.in the begining , everytime i used it , i smoked up the entire house to the point we had to open the windows and turn on fans , still coughing . now i just cook on medium.i was having a really hard time getting it clean too . now i know some others spoke about letting a patina build up , but this was much more than that . eventually i had the idea of using an old foreman grill scraper to clean it , and that has been the secret ! the grill scraper works like a charm to get all the gunk off ! it should really come with one , and it does n't seem to harm the enamel -LRB- it 's plastic -RRB- . that aside , we love being able to grill indoors . it always leaves perfect grill marks on food . i 've found that once you put the food on , you really have to let it sear well , before moving it around , or it will tear at the food . as long as you leave it alone though , it wo n't stick , and comes out perfect!ALSO ! i use this on my smooth top stove with no problem . i was hesistant to buy this size because my largest burner is about 10 '' but it has been just fine -LSB- i 'm sure -RSB- due in part to the surface area of the bottom not being the full 12.5 '' . i think this is a better working area than the square too ... and it was cheaper ! ********************************************************************** here is some useful info i found later on the le creuset website!Using Your Le Creuset GrillpanThe distinctive ribbed base of Le Creuset 's grillpans allows the cook to enjoy the flavor of chargrilled meats , poultry , fish and vegetables.After a light greasing with oil , no further fat or oil is added , so one can also enjoy the benefits of low-fat cooking . Any fat which escapes from the food is held between the ribs of the base.The deep-sided design prevents splattering onto the stovetop and the handy pouring lip directs cooking juices and excess fat away , if necessary . The pan can be `` deglazed '' after cooking with water , stock or wine so the flavors and juices of cooking can be served `` au jus '' with the dish . * To check that the grill is hot , scatter a few drops of cold water over the surface . If they gently ` hiss ' , the surface is not hot enough . If they ` spit ' and evaporate almost immediately , the surface is hot enough . * The surface is hot enough when it produces the distinctive ` char ' lines which add to the flavor and character of the food . DO NOT PREHEAT ON HIGH then lower the heat . Cast Iron is a very efficient material and retains heat well . * Brush the ribs lightly with oil . The surface SHOULD NOT be smoking before the food is added . If it is , remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly before proceeding . * All meats , poultry , fish and vegetables should be ` dry ' before cooking begins , otherwise they may stick to the ribs . Pat dry on kitchen towels . Marinated foods should also have the excess moisture patted dry . * Once placed on the ribbed surface , foods should NOT be moved immediately , otherwise the distinctive ` char ' lines will not be produced . Leave for 1 - 2 minutes to seal and sear the outside before turning over . * Metal handles on grills will get hot . Use a hot pad for lifting.Cookware UsageQ
 I 've made fajitas , fish fillets , shimp , and chicken breasts in it so far . Everything is wonderful , is just requires a different way of cooking . The searing is amazing with the chicken breasts , then I put them in the oven to finish . The shrimp I did the way I always do , but with this pan everyone raved because it cooked so perfectly . They begged for the recipe , and would n't believe I had n't done anything different other than the new pan.I intend to get the blue one for my friend as a Christmas gift , she loved it so much !
 This is the first Le Creuset product I have purchased and I am very happy with it . I 've used it several times and gotten excellent results , plus I love the grill marks it makes!There have been some complaints about this pan being hard to clean . The manufacturer warns not to turn the heat too high , brush some oil on the pan after it heats up , and do not move the food too soon after placing it on the grill . I followed these directions and have not had problems . There is food residue stuck to the pan but I use one of those plastic scrapers I had from a George Foreman grill and that gets the gunk off , then I am able to wash the pan and get it clean . I have a George Foreman grill without removable plates and that is a big hassle to clean . This LC pan is easier , in my opinion.Some have also complained that it takes a long time to warm the pan and so maybe that 's why they have problems because they turn the heat up too high to heat it faster . LC says do n't do it that way ! Just have enough sense to start heating up the pan earlier!Negatives
 My goodness . I got this out of the box -LRB- and washed it -RRB- and I immediately started cooking . I cooked hamburgers that tasted and looked like those from a restaurant -LRB- not a fast-food joint -RRB- . Then , I made braised up some veggies . Finally , I made some homemade pasta and cooked the shrimp , garlic , mushrooms , etc in this little baby . Everything tasted so great , and I love the ease of cleaning . Very happy .
 We cooked chicken breasts in this pan and not only did they look fantastic with the grill marks , but they were cooked to perfection . They were n't dry at all and had a great , juicy flavor . Cleaning the pan takes a little work , but it is worth the effort . I would highly recommend this grilling pan .
 I love this skillet . Recently rediscovered the joy of pan broiled steak and the skillet performs perfectly . Nice and heavy - not for the weak .
 Heavy cast iron , this pan sears and grills amazingly well and much better than regular caphalon or nonstick grill pans . Cleans easily by just rinsing under water or fits in the dishwasher . This pan will last you a lifetime just like other Le Creuset products so it 's a great investment and addition to your kitchen arsenal !
 This is some impressive cookware , people . Fist of all , all the pots and pans are non-stick , and boy are they . I 've left food in these for days , and they rinse out like new . While the pan handles are a bit hot , food cooks well in them , as well as not sticking to it , regardless of what 's in them . I 've owned them for a couple of years now , and where normal pots and pans would have died under my non-expert care , the Calphalon pans are holding strong and show every indication of continuing to do so . A must buy , despite the price .
 I have owned and used this set for the past few years . It has been and continues to be perfect . The pans all cook evenly and perfectly . The handles stay fairly cool . The nonstick coating works perfectly making both cooking and cleanup a snap . Nonstick is perfect for all types of cooking and is key to low fat food prep . This is the perfect addition to any kitchen .
 Mine worked for two years and one month before it went NoOp.I am hesitant to buy another simply because the recent reviews indicate that my experience is n't common .
 I think the timmer 's are great . i had five of them installed in my new house . -LRB- 2000 -RRB- 13 years ago and i just had to replace one yesterday . the other four work great still . I think the problem maybe people are pushing the on and off button to turn lights on and off before the timmer kicks in . That may be shorting the life of the timmer . Just let the switch do the work .
 I had the NoOp show up on my unit after two years , but I fixed the problem . I pulled the battery and the case that holds the battery , and with the battery still removed , I pressed the manual on/off button . -LRB- It 's the button labelled next on/off -RRB- I heard a faint sound like the unit typically makes when automatically turning the lights on or off . I put the battery back in and it works fine again . It 's worth a try for the rest of you if the unit stopped working . I love this timer , but wish the NoOp problem did n't effect so many buyers of the product .
 Item came within just a few days of ordering and is working fine . Very happy !
 We use these to turn our outside lights on and off each night . You can even override the schedule very easily . We also use these to turn our christmas lights on and off each year . No more plugging and un-plugging !! We 've had 3 of these in our home for over 1 year and have never had a problem with any of them .
 I want to confirm for everyone that the Professional metal handles do not get hot at all.The lower quality Calphalon pans come with hard plastic handles and 10 year warranties . This professional pan has a lifteime warranty . Possibly because the handle will never fall apart like plastic . < G > Excellent product !
 I looked for a reasonably priced platter for broiling / fajitas that would hold up pretty well over time , and was leaning toward the Nordic Ware options because the reviews were pretty good . -LRB- exampleNordic Ware Steak 'n Fajita Platter Server -RRB- I had also considered Norpro , Progressive International , Lodge LogicLodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Fajita Set , and Cuisinart platters . Years ago my dad had a high quality pan with a wooden base to insulate on the counter . Unfortunately these Nordic Ware ones had a common flaw in negative reviews
 We 've had this Grill Tray for 5 years and it is one of the most used dishes in our kitchen . We received it as a wedding gift and its simple utilitarian design became an instant go-to cookware and serving tray . They should build tanks out of this stuff because it is extremely durable . If you are looking for an attractive serving dish that you can cook on , look no further . It is similar to cast iron but is more attractive , does not retain oils and flavors after washing , does n't rust , and is a slightly lighter in weight . It does not mark or stain so it will always look like new . It would make the perfect gift for any cook or grill enthusiast - but be sure to buy yourself one while your at it .
 This grill tray not only cooks food AWESOME !!! , it cleans up beautifully ! We have grilled fish , shrimp , and veggies on it and everything has turned out great ! Looking forward to trying more recipes . It is wonderful to grill and present food on the same tray . Be careful ! It does stay hot !!!!!!
 This is my `` go-to '' gift for anniveraries , birthdays , even retirements . It is perfect for keeping food hot or cold and is a classy-looking dish at the buffet table . The price is right , too .
 I have purchased several Wilton Armetale Grillware pieces and I love all of them . We use them for grilling , cold food , and hot food . I even have a couple of bowls I keep in the freezer to use as ice cold salad bowls .
 This is the second one that we purchased . It has soooo many uses ! When we make fajitas we use this to keep the food hot . When we have parties we use it on the tables to keep items hot . Absolutely durable and perfect . No chips , cracks , no rust and EASY to clean .
 Love using this for vegetables on the grill . Just be careful because it gets extremely hot . Perfect for grilling and serving and keeps food hot or cold much much loonger .
 Used this for the first time on my outdoor grill ... marinated shrimp in spicy mango BBQ sauce and lobster tail . Not a mark on the bottom of the griddle and clean io is so easy ! Highly recommend this item ! I 'm sure my grill is gon na last years longer too !
 When I got this griddle home , I thought it would be great for cooking breakfast . It even exceeded my expectations . It fits nicely over 2 burners and I was able to cook eggs and then pancakes on one side while frying bacon on the other side . I will use this griddle often now that I know how good it is . I thought it might be difficult to clean since I am addicted to my dishwasher , but , it actually cleans pretty easily . I will next cook dinner on it . Recomended , very highly .
 This is great for small stuff on our charcoal grill . Sliders , shrimp , veggies , etc. . It cleans up fairly easily , and has not warped over very hot coals . However , do not try to move it while it 's hot - you 'll need fireproof potholders - it 's even too hot for a double layer of leather fireplace gloves and heavily quilted potholder mittens . Just let it cool on the grill instead of trying to serve from it . That 's not really a fault , just that I did n't quite think it through before trying to lift it off the grill . It 's relatively easy to clean - much easier than those old so-called non-stick grill things -LRB- might have been enameled steel -RRB- which I do n't think were designed to be used on a really hot grill .
 We like to have a hot breakfast for the kids , and they often enjoy having scrambled eggs , omelettes , and pancakes . Making these in frying pans can be time consuming , and there is just so much more you can do with a big griddle surface to cook on . This Grillware griddle is a great solution that fits over 2 burners and enables you to be a short-order chef in no time . The bottom of the griddle has an engraved pattern that I presume ensures the heat spreads out evenly on it , and the top has a nice cook surface with decorative edges . It worked great on our gas burner.One note - the first time we used it was a disappointment . Things did n't seem to cook well and it was just so-so . What we found is that the more you use it , the better it becomes . I knew you had to `` season '' cast iron , and it appears the same is true with aluminum as well . You 'll never get it 100 % clean either , but once it 's been used for a few meals , it becomes an awesome tool for those hot breakfasts .
 We love to grill veg like squash and zuccini on the grill . This item , finally , makes it so that we can get the grilled flavor but avoid the loss of veg into the grill : -RRB- It is also a great cooking surface for stove top or even in the oven .
 I had never used a griddle before this but had always wanted to try one . This is a great piece to start with ; you can use it for just about anything ! It heats up quickly -LRB- and stays hot -RRB- when placed over two burners on my stove . I love that I can make four pancakes at a time and they all cook evenly . Grilled cheese is a breeze when cooked on this griddle ! Be sure to remove from the burners when you are done cooking becuase this pan will stay hot for a long time . The best part is that clean up is a breeze , just wipe it down in hot soapy water .
 Arrived in the mail and I went right to cooking . It fits easily over the -LRB- two -RRB- burners of my stove . It 's very study but not too heavy and easy to clean . The Wilton Armetale Gourmet Grillware Griddle heats up quickly with even distribution . I also found it to hold heat for a good length of time . As the entire griddle heats up , you 've got to be careful as there are no handles - my one complaint.I have n't had a chance to use it on my grill yet , but that 's up next.Overall , I 'm satisfied with this product .
 This Wilton Armetale griddle is attractive yet solid enough to go on the grill . It works well cooking veggies and fish on our gas grill , as well as pancakes & grilled sandwiches on the stovetop . It heats quickly and distributes that heat evenly . It is not recommended to go in the dishwasher , which concerned me a bit at first , but fortunately I have found it easy to clean . I have been so impressed by this griddle that I am seriously considering getting more Wilton Armetale grillware pieces to have on hand at our next large BBQ . Recommended !
 This is lightweight and just the right size for our gas range . You need to be cautious when moving and watch what you sit it on but it is a very nice griddle . Big enough to cook for two or more but only takes up two burners .
 This fits perfectly over two of my gas burners on my stove and it heats nice and evenly -LRB- but it does take a few minutes to heat up thoroughly -RRB- . It 's perfect for pancakes , french toast , grilled cheese , etc. . I also like that it can be used in the oven or on the grill , too . It is well made and should last for a good long time .
 made in Mexico which to me is so much better than imported from somewhere in China ; great for stovetop -LRB- gas -RRB- and grill ; I 've done both . Clean up is n't bad , I let cool and use a brillo pad . Ca n't use in dishwasher but I love it so , I get over my laziness and handwash .
 This bowl/wok is one more high quality piece from Wilton Armetale . The picture makes it look a bit heart shaped ... it 's not . It 's a bit bigger than I imagined . I 've used it on the grill for veggies at it was good . Perhaps if I had the heat up I would get more color -LRB- like roasting -RRB- . I 've also used it cold for salad - awesome !
 This grill pan is fantastic ! I ordered it on a whim thinking we needed something bigger to make pancakes on and I have already used it for veggies on the grill and grilled cheese on the stove . The best thing - very easy to clean . And it is thin so it stores easily as well . LOVE Wilton Armetale products . Easy to use , nice to serve food on , easy to clean and easy to store .
 My first foray into Wilton Armetale was this one - Wilton Armetale Gourmet Grillware Grill Tray , Rectangular , 9-3/4 - Inch by 16-3/4 - Inch - and I loved it so much , I decided to look for something larger , and flatter . This is it . Great for grilled cheese , pancakes , burgers , or just about anything . It spans two burners on my cooktop or fits perfectly on my gas grill . And it retains and distributes heat so well , there are n't hot and cold spots between the burners underneath . A word of caution though - use less heat than you think you might need . These heat up gradually , so it 's easy to overdo it.It will retain its heat for up to an hour , and looks great on the table . These things are indestructible , too . I expect to have it for decades . If anything happens to it , though , I 'll be back here buying a replacement pronto . These are impossible to find locally ; all you see are the delicate , shiny wedding pieces . No need for that - these are utilitarian and attractive at the same time.Great buy . One of the few things in my kitchen I look back on and think there could n't be a better option out there .
 This is a nice size grill tray , I can put 6 good size burger or a nice large steak on it . What more could I say ... Worth the money I paid for it .
 I have two of these and like the looks of them . However , I disagree with the reviewer who says these will not stain . Perhaps if you clean them right away , that 's the case . I let one of mine sit longer than I should have , and now I ca n't remove all the stain .
 This and the other grillware products would have been one of the first things on my bridal registry 35 years ago , had I known about them ! I have a very well equipted kitchen with plenty of cooking and serving pieces but since I have bought this and another piece , about a month or so ago , these pieces have been my ` go to ' item . They work beautifully !!! They cook my food evenly and fast and go to the table looking great while keeping my food warm ! Clean up is easy washing by hand -LRB- the reccomended method -RRB- . The surface where your food lays may change slightly , I 've noticed some color variations but it does n't bother me at all . This dish has a artisan type finish -LRB- which I like -RRB- so it does n't look like a formal polished piece . I know it will be great on my grill but I have used it over and over again in my oven and am very happy with it . My children are lucky because they will receiving these for Christmas 2011 , as young newlyweds who love to cook , they will all appreciate them !
 Aluminum alloy ... piece of metal to cook your food on . What 's good , it 's recycled , always good . What 's maybe not so good ... made in Mexico . And that 's only a strange issue because of how the product is dressed up as coming from some heritage U.S. company . Ehh ... it 's a good product though .
 This is a great tray to use for grilling meat or vegetables . The juices stay with the food instead of dripping onto the heating element . The tray looks classy enough to use on the table to serve from , too , although it will be hot so use something to protect the table !
 This is the only way to cook vegetables on the grill . I bought this for a friend and saw how good it was , then purchased one for myself and now got another one for myself to bring down to Fl
 I like this griddle a great deal . I use it for pancakes and it works wonderfully and is very convenient to use . The fact that it is light weight is a plus for me.However , looking at the retail price , I do n't think it is a great deal for the money . It is a decent piece of equipment , but not really worth the hefty price in my opinion .
 I bought 2 of these for gifts so I do not know how the recipients like them at this point . I know that this will be used as a serving dish and will compliment any table .
 The only griddle I 've had before this one was a cheap old electric griddle I only ever used for pancakes . I was n't sure what to expect from this griddle , so I was very pleased when I first received it and opened it up . Right out of the box I could tell it would a nice addition to my kitchen . It has a simple , but elegant look and a nice weight . I actually think I am more likely to use it as a serving dish for hot foods -LRB- since it can retain heat for up to an hour -RRB- since it looks so nice . It got a little hotter then I had expected the first time I used it , resulting in a slightly burned grilled cheese , but turning down the temperature a bit helped.I really love the versatility of this product . It can be used on the stove , put on the grill , or put in the oven . The product page claims it can withstand up to 1000 degrees , which is pretty cool . But apparently the dishwasher is too much for it -LRB- according to instructions , hand wash it -RRB- . I am very pleased with this griddle and look forward to years of use from it .
 My sister-in-law and I each purchased this item for ourselves last year . We both love the ease of using it on the grill , in the oven or in my case on my gas stove . Clean up is simple , I just wipe and put in dishwasher . I purchased this one as a gift for our son-in-law who was impressed when my husband used it to cook shrimp on the grill when they were visting . The size is perfect for small barbeque parties .
 This is a fantastic griddle to use year round whether outdoors on a grill , or indoors on a stove top or in the over . Great for eggs , pancakes , burgers , skewers , you name it ! The great thing about this griddle is the fact that it also serves as a display tray that keeps food warmer , longer . The fewer dishes used , the less cleanup ! Who could complain about that ? After dinner has been served , a quick hand wash is all that will be needed to keep your griddle looking like new . If you like to grill year round , or know someone who does , this will make a fantastic gift . Five out of five stars in my books .
 This is a good additional serving platter for entertaining . When I just put out some cheese and sausage to nibble on with crackers , I put the meant and cheese on this ; it seems to at least give the impression that the food stays cooler -LRB- it is a chunk of metal -RRB- . I have n't used it to cook with , because I do n't want to mar the finish . I 'm not sure how it would work from stove to table -- it would burn the heck out of the table if you set it down , and the little feet are farther apart than any trivet I own.I cook on both a gas and glass stove ; I do n't believe this would conduct well with a glass stovetop.Overall , for serving it is recommended . Not willing to take the risk and use it for a griddle ; it is too nice for that and you could n't take it to the table after griddling anyway !
 This is such a nice surprise . I love the way turkey burgers brown on this griddle . Not a non stick item but I have no problems with food sticking to the surface . I 've used this to cook boneless chicken , shrimp , and toast buttered bagels and thick slices of garlic bread . -LRB- I like to butter bread before laying them on the griddle . Yumm . -RRB- Nice for warming tortillas as well . One more of this would be nice .
 I was happy to receive this griddle , and it does the job , but it 's not as great as the one my mom has which costs half the price . Hers is cast iron and works a lot better . With the Wilton Armetale griddle , I found that it was just a bit too thin - even when using very low heat - and lots of things simply got stuck . I tried using oil and spray . So I will continue using it and will certainly benefit from it -- but there 's a learning curve in getting used to using it so it gives good results .
 I was getting tired of spending a lot of time prepping nice foods for the grill only to have them ruined on the grill surface itself or fall through the holes and grates of the various grill cookware I purchased . This solid surface , heavy-duty griddle for the grill is absolutely perfect for making finer foods but wanting the flavor of the grill . The best feature of this is the sheer ease and speed with which it conducts heat to perfectly cook the food without sacrificing flavor . We also found it quite easy to clean and , again , it 's extremely sturdy . We will enjoy this for many years . Be sure if you make `` traditional '' griddle items like pancakes and eggs -LRB- and not just using it for outdoor grilling needs -RRB- that you use an adequate amount of cooking spray . Pancakes seemed to stick a little more than on our electric griddle until we used slightly less than a `` copious '' amount of cooking spray . When used on the outdoor grill though , you ca n't go wrong with this baby .
 I love to cook and am in my kitchen hours upon hours everyday -LRB- I also have a cooking blog . -RRB- That said , I was intrigued when I first saw this product . It looked like a pretty serving tray , but it could be used for cooking too ? I had to try it , and I love it ! I made pancakes on it first and although I must admit , I was scared to try , they did not stick with or without butter.Its also useful for warming food up in the oven and since it 's metal , it retains the heat after it comes out of the oven , and no need to change to a serving platter , because this griddle is a lovely serving tray too.Being a cook who has almost every kind of kitchen appliance , gadget and tool , I think this would be a great gift for such a cook , but also wonderful for the more average type cook . Highly recommended !
 I bought these to mark my mini-pies . They work great and are so very cute . You have to be very careful with the apple stem , but I highly recommend them !
 These are so handy to have ! The diverse selection of shapes makes them useful for a variety of different styles and projects . Just because they 're not Wilton , does n't mean they 're not fantastic ! I 'm going to keep my eye out for more R&M products .
 This is the perfect size for quick grinding of spices.I like to combine a few of my own combinations of spices and store them for marinating and it grinds it just fine enough.Also you can grind your own pepper this way .
 The price of $ 3.99 was well worth it and warrants the 5 stars ! I bought 2 -LRB- each a different title -RRB- of these little music boxes so I could keep one , & be able to give one as gifts . The tone is lovely & they are very well made . Sweet , and perfect for a little `` love '' gift !
 I bought this for my 18 month old daughter for Christmas as a stocking stuffer . She just loves it so much . She takes it with her everyware . When ever she opens it , he face just lights up . Very durable for a gentle child . I would recomend this for any music lover that wants to take the tunes with them . And the little animals that go around are to cute . Definantly a great buy !
 The title explained it all . Last minute Christmas gift that was not only inspiring and spiritual but also simple and very inexpensive . It arrived days before Christmas and allowed me to present a great gift to great friend who is a senior co-worker of mine .
 I LOVE my Aerobed . I bought it when my kids were young so they could have friends over . But I keep using it ! It 's so compact that you can take it anywhere . It is simple to inflate - takes less than a minute . And it is SO comfortable . I would recommend it to everyone . It 's great to have an extra bed that 's easy to store !
 We got this to use at my sister in law 's house . She only has a double bed in her guest room , so this makes it so both my husband and I can sleep comfortably . The bed is very comfy and is the same height as an average bed , which is great . The one problem is it makes a racket whenever someone rolls over in it . I am sure that is problem with air beds in general , but that is really the only down side to it .
 We purchased this bed to use in a spare bedroom and over the holidays my sister-in-law and her fiance slept on it for a week . They said they could n't tell the difference between this and a regular bed . Since then I have slept on it a couple of times as well and had a very fine night 's rest . We even left it inflated from Christmas through some time in June . As far as I could tell it had n't lost any air at all . I have inflated it and taken it down half a dozen times so far . It is easy to setup and easy to put away . It is a bit of a handful when packing up and may take two people to do a good job of it . Absolutely no complaints .
 I can recommend the product without reservation . It has met all of my expectations . The notion of a raised aerobed was initially a bit confusing , but it works ! It is certainly much more user friendly than those beds that are much closer to the floor . I think that it will have a great deal of appeal as a true second bed for visitors
 This bed is absolutely the most comfortable bed that I have ever owned . I was a little skeptical at first ; how comfortable can an air-filled bed be ... but , boy was I wrong . It is suprisingly stable . You can adjust the bed as firm or soft as you like it . Fortunely , you can not over inflate this bed , do n't be afraid to put it as firm as you wish . When I first slept in it , I did n't want to get out of bed the next morning ! This was truly a great investment .
 I own the first original aero bed which we have used on many occasions when we have a houseful of guests . It was great but I really wanted one that was the height of a regular bed so I purchased the queen premier raised aero bed . I have slept on it for a week now just to try it out and it is wonderful . It is very comfortable and much easier to get in and out of due to the height . I like the fact that this raised bed does not have the side extentions for stabilization . They designed this bed to be stable without these . I am very happy with my purchase of this bed and can see why some people sleep on this bed as their primary bed .
 Here 's what I 'm most excited about this bed ... the free shipping . I checked what it would be to ship 1-day . Over $ 100 . So instead , I just decided mom would get her present late and I went for the free shipping . It arrived in one day!We checked out the bed . The cover and bedskirt feel like fleece . Different than what I thought it would be but very comfy . The bed goes up quickly . One negative is that you have to hold down the button the whole time . It 's supposed to not be able to over-inflate , so I just assumed it would be push a button and it will stop when it 's done . Also , the pump does not suck out the air to deflate the bed . You use a release valve , but it does take some effort on your part to get the remainder of the air out.I was very surprised how easy it was to fold . It went into the bag very easily . It is heavy , but will be used as an extra bed in my parent 's home instead of a travel bed so heaviness is n't an issue here . It would be if used for traveling . The height is great ! Just like a normal bed . I recommend this bed !
 This bed was better than expected . Arrived quickly , looks like a regular bed when made , worked perfectly and felt great to sleep on . We are so pleased . The price was lowest on Amazon .
 Excellent purchase . Very easy to set up and take down and extremely comfortable . Makes an instant guest room . Would highly recommend .
 This is my only bed now . It 's easy enough to assemble . And everything is just OK with me .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000U5FZO6 AeroBed Premier Comfort Zone Raised Twin Air MattressSet-up of the bed is every bit as easy as the description says ... just unfold the bed , push a button and watch the bed `` grow '' right there in front of you!Selecting a `` firmness '' is easily accomplished , and the bed is about as comfortable as any could ask for ! I may opt to order a `` full size '' bed for me after I return from vacation , but know the bed was a good choice -LRB- comfortable , stable , and AFFORDABLE ! -RRB- for me.The only problem I had was a packaging issue -- the mattress pads that were included in the price of the beds -LRB- Yes , I bought 2 ! -RRB- did not arrive in the packaging with the beds . The company said to just send them copies of the receipts and they will get the mattress pads to me , no questions or problems . -LRB- I received the response while on vacation , so I 've still got to do that ! -RRB- My advice , to coin a phrase -- `` Try It , You 'll Like It ! ''
 My parents were visiting from out of town . Since I do n't have the cash to buy another Sleep Number bed , I decided to try theAeroBed Premier Raised , Queen . My parents said this bed was very comfortable and wished that other relatives they visited on their trip had the AeroBed Premiere Raised . They liked the control that allows a person to adjust the air level up and down and they appreciated the raised height of the mattress.I found the bed to be very easy to inflate and deflate.It 's not a Sleep Number bed , but is a good alternative if cost is a concern .
 We used this bed for about 10 days . We inflated it initially and after a few days I noticed we had to inflate it some to get it back to where we wanted it . We did this a couple of times during that period . Other than that , it was very comfortable and functioned perfectly . We really like the height and being able to plug in the inflator instead of the old rechargeable battery inflator . The dust ruffle and mattress pad made it feel like a regular bed .
 We have n't slept on the bed yet , so I ca n't rate that . But I was impressed with the ease with which it pumped up . And especially how easy it was to roll up and put away in the bag . I especially liked the mattress cover and dust ruffle . I will probably order another soon , so I will have one for each grandchild when they visit .
 We recently got this bed for guests and I love that it is easy to set up , adjust and looks like a real bed when it is made . It sleeps good too !
 I needed an extra bed that would n't take up much space so when friends stay over they do n't have to sleep on the floor . My bed blows up and deflates easy enough and my friends say it is comfortable to sleep on .
 The AeroBed Premier Raised Twin size is a very good product for the price . It has its limitations , including not as comfortable as a traditional mattress and it sometimes feels like you will slip off the side ... but it 's definitely a good portable bed and quick to set-up in a pinch .
 This is a great bed . This is my first Aerobed and I am super pleased . I am a contractor and this bed will follow me around the country . I am an Aerospace Mechanical Designer and it is important to get a good nights sleep especially away from home . Set up in just a few minutes and slept like a rock the very first night . Very stable and comfortable . Way to go Aerobed . I would recommend this bed to anyone who needs a good nights sleep and works on the road .
 The bed is extremely comfortable and very useful as a guest bed . I am disappointed with the time it takes to inflate . The box said that it takes 3 minutes to inflate . My experience is that it never takes less than 7-8 minutes . Same thing for deflating . The box says 1 minute but I have never been able to deflate it in less than 5 minutes .
 The AeroBed Premier Raised Queen sized bed is a Godsend . Due to a disability , I needed a raised bed that would allow me the convenience of a somewhat normal height bed , so my husband & I could camp with other family members at a recent family reunion . The AeroBed Premier Raised not only afforded me that ability , but also provided a surprisingly comfortable night 's sleep as well . The bed is made of the highest quality material , and did not lose any air.I needed a dependable product , as I would not have tried this with a cheap airbed . I got all that I wanted in purchasing the AeroBed Premier Raised Queen sized bed , plus I now have a comfortable extra bed for overnight guests .
 This bed did exactly what I intended it to do . It was an extra bed for a room that did not have room for a permanent bed . It is easy to set-up and take down , and is comfortable .
 I bought the Raised Pillowtop Aerobed a few years ago and I love it . I 've had family and friends use it and it 's great and comfy . My grandkids have fun sleeping on it when they visit .
 I bought the Queen size Premier Raised Aerobad a few months ago and since I began using this bed , I have gotten the best sleep I have ever had !! This bed is extremely comfortable . It provides great support . I never have problems with pressure points or waking up sore and stiff the way I did with a regular bed . It uses standard bedding , which is very convenient . It appears to be very durable . I 've only had mine a relatively short time , but my son has had one for a while longer and his is holding up great . For anyone who wants to try an airbed , I 'd say you 've got to go with the AeroBed brand . Before I bought this bed I had tried an airbed of another brand and it was nothing like the Aerobed . I love this bed and would never go back to a regular bed or even a waterbed after experience the comfort of the AeroBed .
 We got this bed for guests and it has been working out great . At first , some felt like they would fall off , but we pumped it up more and then they were fine . We also added an `` egg carton '' mattress topper to it so you would n't feel the ridges of the aero top and it feels great . It pumps up fast , deflates fast and it 's great that it uses regular sheets .
 I bought this as an extra bed for an empty guestroom and it was wonderful . Amazon delivered in under 24 hours -LRB- amazing -RRB- . The bed was sturdy and easy to assemble . Like the box said it inflates in under 4 minutes . Nice bed ruffle and tote bag .
 The product is great but after checking local stores found it to be a little bit too high on price .
 This jewel inflates quickly , deflates even faster and provides the oldest bones with a wonderful nights rest at whatever firmness the user decides the mattress should be . It is the same heights as a regular bed , so for older folks , getting in and out of the bed is greatly facilitated . This item is a welcome sight for all who have experienced its comfort , and for those who are unaware , a most pleasant surprise awaits them . Storage is a snap , and the bed solves a host of problems for any host or hostess .
 The AeroBed Premier Raised , Queen is the most comfortable and easy to inflate/deflate air bed I have ever owned . It 's ideal for guests in my home and to take with me when I travel by car to visit family and friends . The fact that hit supports 750 lbs . is one of the main reasons I purchased this bed because some of my family members are not lightweights !
 My husband and I are staying with my mother for a bit and I got this bed . . I love the ease of the firmness control and I love that it is the height of a normal bed . It is quite comfy .
 This bed is fantastic . It stores in a neat bundle in its own case and only takes a few minutes to inflate . Living in a condo I use the spare bedroom as an office but occasionally need an extra bed for guests . Everyone always comments on how comfortable it is , especially with it being the height of a regular bed . Hurray for aerobed !!!
 This bed rises quickly and is very comfortable . Letting the air out is fast and easy . Not real crazy about the bed skirt unless you have it set up for awhile . No problems and looks much better when you have guests than the bed that sits on the floor .
 The raised feature is great . It inflates quickly . I take off one star because it still feels like an AeroBed , but this is an improvement .
 I read the other reviews but there 's the deal . It 's $ 25 , I did n't expect it to be the highest quality . I put it up on my porch , you ca n't tell it 's plastic , it looks awesome . It is a bit flimsy but it 's been really windy and it 's held up . Psycho fans ca n't pass this up . Happy Halloween !
 this sign is AMAZING , i was unaware that it lite up after being plugged in . however i wont know how well it works until after christmas seeing as i brought it for a christmas present . the person is really into horror flicks and is doing his room into that type of theme which i am excited to see the outcome , but after opening the box and checking out to see if everything was there i was really suprised and happy about my buy . i think that he will also enjoy it and it wont ever come off the wall except for cleanings ... All and all an amazing buy = -RSB-
 It was for a friend of mine who thought it was great !!!! A private joke about his residence turned into a great laugh .
 This sign is made of cheap plastic , I need to be very careful about breaking and/or cracking it . It lights up well and is a shocker for those who see it for the first time . ;--RRB- Going to put it in our game room .
 I did a Bates Motel deal at home for this Halloween and this sign was a nice addition . It has clear C-7 Christmas style lights behind a plastic front . The two lights behind the ` vacancy ' were on a flickering circuit with added to the effect .
 It was bigger than I thought it would be ! Yes , it 's a novelty , but I love it !! I have wanted this for a few hallowee 's now and finally got it ! Not disappointed !! Fun !!
 I ca n't tell you how spooky this sign made my window look . I could n't hang it by the chain but did n't matter . At night it looks awesome ! Durable and the back opens to change lightbulbs if you need to .
 I read the reviews before I ordered . I couldnt understand how it could be so cheap . Well I do now . No one actually says why iy is cheap . It is the material it is made of is like a cheap flimsy and it bends easily . BUT If you hang it up plug it and leave it alone it is five stars all the way . It looks good hanging there and is certainly worth the money it is being sold for now . No its not a high dollar neon sign but it is official licensed and looks just like the bates motel sign . Also note the bulb behind the vacancy part of the sign is a twinkle kind of bulb so the vancancy word looks to be shorted out again just as the real psycho bates motel sign looks in the movies . I think I got my moneys worth .
 this is such a conversation piece when people come up to your door on Halloween ! Looks awesome when lit up night - yes it is plastic and therefore not very firm and sturdy feeling , but who really cares - you 'd never know it from just looking at it at night and besides for me it is all about the effect it has when lit up not how `` well constructed '' it is . It does say for indoor use only , but we live in the midwest and we still put it up on our front door/patio area and it does just fine for October weather.I do think it is alittle overpriced since it is made of thin plastic , but overall it is a very cool addition to our Halloween decor !!!
 Would n't normally offer a review of an item like this except that I saw the only other review giving it such a low rating . I have a Bates Motel sign just like this that was purchased at Spencers 7 years ago . Is it made of cheap-looking plastic ? Yes . Is anyone able to see this when it 's lit up in your window at night ? No . We 've received numerous complements on the sign by trick-or-treaters -LRB- and their parents -RRB- over the years . And despite being made of plastic , the only reason I stumbled across this review is that two of the bulbs finally burned out - the only problem we 've ever had with the sign in 7 years .
 I absolutely LOVE Psycho and Norman Bates ! I just got this sign as an early Christmas present from my dad and I love it ! When you light it up it actually almost looks like a real neon sign . The `` A '' in `` Vacancy '' even flickers like it did in the movie , and the `` no '' is n't clear so it wo n't ever light up . :-RRB- When you look at it close up you can see the light bulbs inside it . It does come with instructions to replace the bulbs and a list of warnings , most of which talk about not leaving it in situations where the plastic could melt.As much as I totally love this sign , it is made out of really , super cheap , flimsy plastic . It is most certainly meant as a seasonal Halloween decoration , not a permanent fixture even though that 's what I 'm going to use it as . I just wo n't turn it on all the time and I 'll make sure I hang it somewhere safe.I would highly recommend this for any and all Psycho fans ! Keep safe and treasure it forever ! : D
 I got many compliments on this gorgeous set . It is even more beautiful in person . Anyone who saw it was drawn to it , and the kids loved it . It is very sturdy , although one slat did break , but I think it just had a loose staple . Even adults sat in the chairs and they had no problems . The only downside I had was that the paint came off in chips a little more readily than a child 's table and chairs should .
 Absolutely beautiful mask and a special note was attached from the artist . It was supposed to arrive after Christmas but it arrived within a few days of my order . I was so happy to give it as a gift to my son . The colors in the mask really make it striking to look at .
 The Belleek Kylemore Trinket Box was exactly as i ordered , arrived in a very timely manner and i would recommend this as a nice gift for a friend .
 I received the Belleek trinket box in perfect condition . Very satisified with the dealers and will do business again with them . Wonderful !
 This item was purchased as a gift for a friend . She absolutely loved it , it was packaged well and with care so no fear of it being broken or chipped in shippment . Just lovely .
 I paid half the price for these that I paid for the same brand and a very similar style in a large `` discount '' store . Super quality . Love their weight and handles .
 I already have one set of these knifes and love them . I was happy to see I could get two more sets so cheap at Amazon.com . I would highly recommend Chicago Cutlery Classic Chef steak knifes . Chicago Cutlery is easy to clean and look great on a table ; not too big or small . They cut meat very smoothly . Amazon did a wonderful job on shipping them too .
 These are wonderful ! They are sharp , they cut beautifully , look nice , and are easy to handle . I definitely recommend them , especially if you have the set of cooking knives that match .
 I loved this steak knives , they were sharp , had nice weight and arrive in a nice storage case .
 So , for whatever reason , after I got married I never ended up with a set of steak knives . I did n't think a good set of knives were important enough to register for . WRONG . I eventually ended up with a good set , but without the steak knives . Then we ended up getting a grill and I was grilling lots of meats and having cookouts ... with no steak knives to offer anyone ! I got this set from Amazon at a great deal . The knives were quickly shipped and they look great . They match the other set of knives I have . They 're real light weight but sturdy feeling . They cut through meat with ease . For this price and quality , you ca n't go wrong .
 Ca n't argue with the price . However , the quality of the metal is not very good and they tend to stain easily . My knives are just a month old and have rust-colored stains all over , which wo n't scrub off . Handles are nice , they cut great , but they look cheap with all that staining ... which I guess is the reason they are cheap . I would still buy them again .
 I chose these knives because i have other Chicago knives that have remained sharp and held up great . I 've hand washed them and also run them through the dishwasher , either way they look just like they did when i got them . In the dishwasher we use liquid detergent and the drying cycle . I think for the price they are worth it .
 - Sharp-Stylish design-Fits well in my hand-Washes well-Good priceNice set of steak knives !
 This set is better quality than we thought we could get for this price . The knives are hefty , well balanced , and have a substantial feel to them . They cut well , look good , and are comfortable to hold . Very nice set for the price .
 As usual , amazon does a wonderful job providing a variety of products . The knives serve the purpose . They cut through whatever is needed . I have used the knives for lettuce , tomatoes etc and they cut cleanly through the food item .
 I bought these to use as decorations for my `` Arabian Nights '' themed senior prom , and they were fantastic ! The blue glass is beautiful and they really added a touch of class . The metal is not the sturdiest , but you could never tell that just by looking at them . They were simply everything they ought to be !
 These gaskets do wear out fast , when the Pot is used too often to brew espresso . I have found it handy to keep one set of spare gaskets at all times .
 Product arrived on the date of delivery THANXBUT `` THE GIFT CLOSET '' THE COMPANY THAT SENDS THE PRODUCT OUT HAS THEIR UPC CODES MIXED UP ON PRODUCTS!I ORDERED TWICE AND TWICE I RECIEVED THE WRONG ITEM ! RECIEVED AN REFUND THANK YOUBUT THATS NOT THE POINT i NEEDED THIS ITEMi STILL HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY REPLY TO THIS COMPANY ON WETHER THEY HAVE FIXED ITSAVE YOURSELF THE ISSUE ANDDO NOT ORDER FROM GIFT CLOSET !!!! I CA N'T MAKE IT ANYMORE CLEAR
 Have n't had to replace this part of my Bialetti maker but just planning ahead . It comes with the high quality this product has so know I have made a good choice .
 I have just bought my first Moka Express . I have n't had chance to use replacement . I think it 's good to aim one replacement . You wo n't know when you need it . So preparing a spare is better like your car 's tire : -RRB-
 This is a great little coffee maker ! Even my family in Italy say Bialetti is just the best !
 I did n't expect three rubber bands to come in the package ... now i have enough of them to last me for the next 10 years
 The one part of an italian coffee stove top percolator that breaks down is the gasket . The original got pretty trashed , so I got these . They seem just fine ; sturdy and all that . I have n't put the first one to much use , though , 'cause I started using my 6 cup everyday to make coffee instead of my 3 cup -LRB- to reduce my intake of aluminum -- my 3 cup is aluminum , my 6 cup is stainless steel -RRB- .
 I was concerned that I might have to replace the entire coffee maker , until I saw that you can just replace the gasket ! I was thrilled . These are easy to replace and each pack comes with three gaskets . Since I need to replace the gasket once a year or so , this one pack will last me almost three years . When I calculate what I save by not going to Starbucks , this is probably one of the best investments I have made .
 Spent a while trying to find locally before coming here . Got three replacement rings that fit perfectly , plus also came with a new filter !! Could n't ask for more . - Thanks !
 If you use a Bialetti espresso maker , this set is a must have . Gaskets do go bad over time , especially if you forget to add water to the macchinetta , like I did ...
 I have been using Bialetti Moka coffee makers for over 45 years and have tried substitute parts . Do n't waste your time on anything other than the real deal . It is well made , fits perfectly and costs little . If you need it , buy it .
 Excellent product . No spills , has good seal . The coffee is very rich . It works well . Arrived in good condition . I like working . I recommend it .
 There is not much to say about a gasket . I accidentally put my 3 cup moka pot on a hot burner and ended up burning the gasket . These were not too expensive , and restored my moka pot to new condition.I recommend them to anyone who needs them , just make sure you get the size which fits your moka pot .
 These things lasted a long time for me . I have had my 1 cup for 4 years now . I bought a 1 cup Bialetti Moka Express for my cousin and decided since these are hard to find -LRB- the 1 cups -RRB- that I would buy two of them . I probably use my 1 cup espresso maker -LRB- really it is called Moka , you need an espresso maker to truly make espresso -RRB- about 4 times a week for 4 years , so that is probably at least 500-800 times I have used this and the gasket could have gone longer , but hey , they are so cheap to buy , I decided to replace it . My only comment is that be sure to get the correct cup size for the replacement filters , you ca n't use another for another size , just wo n't happen .
 I guessed that the 3-cup version was what I needed for our 4-cup stainless steel Bialetti pot , and luckily I was right . The gasket 's outer diameter is 2.5 inches , and the ring is 0.25 inches wide.It is the real deal , Bialetti product - a package of 3 gaskets plus a replacement filter . A great deal at this price.This came from J&R ; , and arrived in only a couple days with standard shipping . I 'm totally , completely satisfied !
 I 'd give 5 stars since the current gasket has lasted forever but since Bialetti and amazon both are reluctant to provide sizing , I 'm knocking it a star . I replaced mine since I now have to crank the pieces together firm enough I sometimes ca n't get it loose to prevent leaks.As far as sizing , if a person were to go to espressoparts , they would find that the : -- 3 cup gasket has measurements of
 I bought 3 new gaskets to replace the one in my Bialetti 's 1 cup coffee maker.As many here , I ended up buying the wrong ones : - -LRB- No biggy , since I own different Bialettis in different sizes , but definitely a nuisance.In order to avoid my mistake , I suggest you to go to the online Bialetti 's store -LRB- Bialetti.com -RRB- . In the ` replacement parts ' section , you 'll find a very useful tool to determine which gaskets you need , based on some measurements.Also it seems the prices are a little lower , but I 'll leave this judgment to you ...
 I 've had an IKEA Moka pot for years and the two gaskets it came with finally wore completely out . A visit to IKEA for the allegedly available replacement gaskets was futile - no stores actually carry them it seems - so I took a chance that these seals would fit my 3 cup IKEA model . They are the tiniest bit loose , not enough to keep the pot from making a seal , and I 'm thrilled to have found a source for these . I think my IKEA pot was $ 12 when I bought it and although that 's cheap , I hated the idea of tossing it and getting a new one just for lack of a new gasket .
 The filter and gaskets were good quality , arrived on time , but were the wrong size . My fault , as I could n't remember if my almost 2 year old Bialetti was 2-cup or 3-cup , and the size is not marked on the coffee maker . Since no 2-cup replacement filter was offered , I guessed at 3-cup size . Too small . Amazon Return worked fine , and gave me full credit upon shipping the part back . I even sent a scan of the new vs old filter showing the size difference and suggested if they could send the right size I 'd be happy , but got my money back instead.This `` size '' matter is prevalent throughout the hardware mail-order business
 The item arrived in perfect condition but unfortunately was the wrong size for my coffeepot . This seems to be a common situation with the Bialetti coffeepots as I have read other reviews that make a similar observation . This is an issue with the coffeepot itself not with the vendor . The coffeepots do n't have an easy identifier to help one pick the right gasket and one has to measure the volume capacity of the pot -LRB- which I did -RRB- and then make an educated guess as to which one should work . I finally found a gasket at a local kitchenwares store and the perfect fit is in a gasket that is actually for a coffeepot with a larger volume than the one I have , but it worked . The return process to Amazon was painless , so I am happy with the transaction . Thank you .
 I was so glad not to have to buy a new espresso maker . This was a great replacement for the gasket that often gets worn out .
 As advertise , these are replacement gaskets for a 3-cup Bialetti moka pot . Three and a filter come in the package .
 With this new gasket I feel I got a new coffee maker , and I just pay a little money for it
 The best blender we have ever owned . Great for making shakes and smoothies . I rate it great .
 I bought 2 complete place settings of this pattern for my parents for Christmas last year and they loved it so much they bought two more dinner plates . Then this year I got them two more salad plates to extend their collection . I love the birds and the detail of the branches & ribbon .
 I have used this often for grating & shredding cheese , oinion & almost anything you want shredded . Easy to use & saves fingers from using the grater makes nice even pieces - easy to clean .
 The stainless steel rotary cheese grater was a gift for my husbands birthday . He loves to cook and this made a nice addition to his cooking utensil collection . It works great . It arrived on time and in good condition .
 It works , I 've had better . At least it 's stainless steel and it wo n't fall apart like a plastic one does .
 This is a good product that does a nice job , but storage is a bit difficult and I think it 's a bit `` cheap '' in construction . However , my wife chose it and she 's happy with it so that 's all that counts . She wanted all metal . Frankly I would recommend one with a nylon or polycarbonate body for stability and safety , and get one grater for one size of grating so it 's sturdy .
 Sorry , but I could n't resist . This is indeed a great product , however . After throwing away my second cheap plastic grater , i decided that i 'd had enough and luckily found this model on Amazon . The design is ingenious , elegant and while it may not be the most comfortable utensil to hold , its power and stability more than make up for it .
 Found this product to be very easy to use and very easy to cleaned . I am very satisified with the price and product .
 I am sure you can spend a lot more on a cheese grater -- but why ? This cheese grater works just fine and my friends are blown away when I whip it out and a block of fresh romano or parmesan . That little green can from Kraft ca n't compare and fresh cheese is actually cheaper !
 Thank You For this wonderful Product ! I have bought at least six different cheese graters over the years , and I would say this is the Best ever.The construction is very well thought out , not that thin junk of the past makers . I like the locking hopper that keeps the drum secure , the heft of the stainless steal , and the size of the drum with its &#8217; just right shredding size.Some would say that it takes some to shred their cheese ! Well this is made for the harder cheese &#8217; s like Parmesan , Reggiano , Grana Padano , Pecorino etc. . Not Semi-hard or soft cheese as Fontina or Taleggio , or Mozzarella . If your going to grate these cheeses &#8217; use a block Greater to do a half to a pound or so.This product cleans in a snap , and you can make it sterilized also . And I do believe it will last for years to come . So buy a couple one for nuts and on for cheese.Mike Baud
 This little vacuum is pretty impressive . It is great on hardwood floors and small area rugs . I would not recommend this type of vacuum cleaner for large carpet surfaces . A great variety of attachments are included . The only downside is that they advertise it to be an aroma vacuum , but do not include any samples of oils that can be used or information on purchasing them .
 I love this vacuum ! There is so much to it and all of the attachments are handy and easy to use ! When I recieved it I thought that I had gotten a joke and would regret my purchase , but I was wrong ! We have 2 cats , dogs and kids , I could n't believe the suction power and debris that it picked up ! I espcially like the fact that I can turn this vacuum on and it sucks all of the dust and pollen out of the air , my house smells so fresh after running it for about 30 minutes . I will never buy another upright vacuum!The only down fall that I found to this vacuum was attempting to clean the tank , all of the corners are very hard to get to .
 We have two dogs . I vacuum every day and I am always amazed at what this vacuum cleaner picks up . The good thing about this type of machine is that I can vacuum my children 's rooms and know that when I dump out the dirty water into a large colander in the sink I can fish out the little Lego pieces and loose change the vacuum sucked up , not to mention a few loose earrings . I do rinse it with the kitchen sprayer several times to really get the crud out . I dump the contents of the colander into the trash can or into a plastic bag . It 's nice not to breathe in the dust or have to go outside the dump out the dust bin like I do for my Dyson . By the way , this vacuum is only for hard floor surfaces . It is not good at all for carpets . The Dyson is best for carpets . Once a week I pour white vinegar in it , slosh it around , dump it , and let it air dry . I got it at a discount with an online coupon so I think I got my money 's worth . Yes , it is a bit flimsy in construction but you learn not to mistreat it . I use it on high and it is loud . The best part is the exhaust air , it does not stink while you vacuum up dog hair . The house always smells fresh after using this . The box came with an extra HEPA filter , which is nice . For the price , this ca n't be beat . No one can convince me to spend $ 500 on an old , used Rainbow , much less pay $ 1200-1700 for a new Rainbow vacuum cleaner .
 Update on 1st Oct 2009I rate this as a weak product . Read some of the other negative reviews . The engine HAS INDEED gone WEAK . FOR NO REASON . the plastic fittings are really of poor quality . The tank is very difficult to clean due to a layer of gunk that builds up no matter how much I used distilled vinegar etc.The idea is great but put your money towards a more expensive machine.My Earlier review ------------------ This has been an excellent purchase . I have been using the HyroPur vacuum quite a few times a week since my purchase . Every time that I use the vacuum more and more dust and hair is removed from my house . My room mate and I are very sensitive to dust particles and smells and this machine has absolutely no foul smell or dust emitting particles that we can detect . No more sneezing and coughing while dusting . At first my room mate was skeptical but that is no longer the case . I add a few drops essential oil such as lemon , or orange and even eucalyptus . Tea tree oil and other could be added , limited by your taste and imagination.Do not expect that this machine will pick up HUGE pieces of debris . I would say that this machine is suited to being used frequently -LRB- at least at first -RRB- and it really focuses on getting hair , dust and such items out of your house . Not that I really use another machine since I now keep the house clean with frequent vacuum sessions . It is actually not a disgusting chore anymore to vacuum - Go Figure ! : - -RRB- As for cleaning - you will have to rinse the container a few times . I swish water around and then throw the water out and repeat 3 more times or so and Presto ! No Problem!Also avoid bad smells by using white distilled vinegar to clean the container out every few times or once a week.No hassles here at all !
 It is a little less powerful than I expected and a knob on the extracting tubing got broken off 1st time I 've used the vacuum -LRB- and I do n't find it very useful anyway -RRB- , but it works pretty good and does what it supposed to do.It is my second water filtration vacuum and I do n't like to use regular ones anymore.I just wish there were more variety of them and they were more powerful .
 I have three big dogs and two cats and they all shed . I have own other vacuums and no matter how much I clean them , the vacuum always smelled like dog hair . With this vacuum , I never have to worry about my house smelling like a dirty dog . The only issue I have is the maintenance of cleaning out the tank everytime you use the vacuum . I once left the water in the tank for a couple of days and it smelled awful . You have to always clean out the tank and make sure to let all the parts air dry before assembling it back together . I just take the tank outside and wash it out with my hose . You 'll be surprised on how much crap is in the water and out of your house . Other than that , this vacuum is wonderful and it works great on hardwood floors and upholstery . I add a small amount of scented water and it perfumes the house while I vacuum . I highly recommend this product to someone who is not lazy . If you 're lazy , do not buy this product unless you want the tank to rot out with dirty smelly water .
 What a life saver product . I received my vacuum clearner just as a miserable flea infestation hit my home and pets . I used a flea powder on the carpets , which would have been a nightmare to vacuum up in such large areas -LRB- the whole house -RRB- . But with the wonderful water filtration keeping the dust down it made my nightmare easier to deal with . I love this product I do n't worry about the fleas remaining in the vacuum cleaner .
 I have a cement floor in my new home which gives off alot off dust and I also have two large dogs that shed so I give this unit a real work out everytime I use it , and it does a remarkable job . My Mom had a similar sweeper when I was a child and she swore by it so at age 66 I wanted the same type vacuum thinking my asthma might be better if I did n't breathe the air filled with dust particles from sweeping the floor.I WAS RIGHT . The air is much better since using the HydroPur .
 I am European living in USA and I had a problem to find some water filtration vacuum cleaner ! I was looking at the biggest famous stores as Walmart , Sears , ect . but I was disappoint that I could n't find this kind of VC . I was surprised that here , in US , the water filtration vacuum cleaners are not popular ... ! I 'm engineer and I know that the water is one of the best solution for filtration the air from the smallest dust . Some reviews here says that the water container of this vacuum cleaner is difficult to clean . Let me explain that the water container has to have exactly this complicated form due to its aerodynamic function
 works great . my carpet never felt so clean . I like that you can add essential oils to the water and give the carpet a nice scent : -RRB-
 I love it . Air cleaning machine . Not for everybody . Perfect for a small cramped house with a pet and plenty of rugs and carpet . You certainly need a garden hose with power spray to clean a water tank outside . Yes , I agree - suction is not strong , a lot of labor to operate , but if you want to remove a dust and POLLUTION from your house , it works . I was HORRIFIED yet HAPPY looking at the dirty water that I disposed after vacuuming . Happy because all dust is out , flushed to the toilet . Only after a two vacuuming , my bedrooms -LRB- including mattress and pillows -RRB- feel super fresh . The air quality improved considerably . I feel more in control of condition of my house . I am still dreaming to have a Rainbow , but for now I am cleaning with Aroma .
 I have had this vacuum for several months now and am very happy with it . A few points :1 - For hardwood floors and area rugs , it does a terrific job-suction is excellent . I mainly have hard floors and area rugs so it works great for me . It cleans the air very well as I vacuum.2-If your house is mainly carpet , it probably will not clean as well as vacuums having a powered brush . This is due to the turbo brush design which takes some of the suction power away to run it.3-The way it cleans the air is worth the purchase price . I suffer from asthma and often remove the hose and run it for a few minutes in a room . It extracts all dust and contaminants from the air in just a few minutes.4-Yes , it is difficult to get perfectly clean . However , the interior baffles are what makes it so effective . I take the water canister outside , turn it upside down and use a water hose to clean it . I can live with some unsightly dirt in the chamber , but if you ca n't , you probably wo n't be happy with it.5-Compared to other vacuums costing hundreds more , it is a good value . The motor seems to be well made . Although it is possible to crack the water canister with rough treatment , if the vacuum is taken care of , it should last a long time .
 I 've been looking for a stainless steel pitcher to make iced tea in for some time . I am VERY pleased with this pitcher . It is very well made .
 VERY NICE PITCHER . I HAVE THE ONE WITH THE BLACK HANDLE , WHICH IS NICE SO FINGERPRINTS DO N'T SHOW . VERY DURABLE .
 Good quality stainless steel pitcher that does its job . Although the listing said &#34; made in France &#34; , there is no markingon the pitcher itself about it .
 I have been looking for a stainless steel pitcher and came accross this on amazon , after reading the reviews I purchased it even if it was little above the budget . It is very nice looking and easy to maintain .
 I have been using this to brew hot and iced tea . My only qualms with it is that after a few hours , there is a slight metallic taste to the hot tea , so iced tea that is n't served right away , should probably be stored in something else . The pitcher is gorgeous and very durable !! It is a better solution than brewing hot tea in a crystal -LRB- lead -RRB- pitcher , or a glass pitcher that is likely to crack and break . Maybe porcelain would be the only other option for hot tea brewing .
 This pitcher is the finest pitcher I have ever seen . The quality of the finish , and metal are far superior to anything else . It has a good weight , such that it is not too heavy when filled . It 's beautiful clean shine and shiny little dents add a lot of class for something so basic . My wife picked it out to make iced tea in . We thought it maybe a little expensive for just a pitcher . But after getting in our hands and seeing it . The price is well worth it .
 I am not a fan of uncovered pitchers but I would rather see water poured out of a metal pitcher with an ice guard , covered in condensation than see water coming out of earthenware or glass even if those materials are priced lower .
 We use this everyday for iced tea . Easy to clean , sleek look , nicely weighted . Might be the favorite things I 've ever bought on Amazon .
 I 'm happy with this generous 2.5-qt pitcher . Do n't be fooled as the body is not shiny ; it has a matte finish . The finished product is ready for use after the first soapy wash ; there are no residual tiny metal scraps as I have seen in two of my tea kettles at the first initial boilings . Sleek design and serves its purpose in a generously-sized pitcher .
 I searched for months to find a metal or glass pitcher suitable for making iced tea . We had been using a plastic pitcher , but had reservations about pouring boiling water into it . This pitcher was an excellent find if a bit overpriced . It would have gotten five stars if it had a lid , but then again the description did n't mention a lid.The photos are a little distorted in that you see a reflection in the little circles pressed into the body of the pitcher . I thought that perhaps the pitcher had two layers of metal . In fact , it is one solid piece with little indentations in the body to give the pitcher some character.The product description lists the capacity at 2.5 Quarts ; however , the box is marked 2.2 Liters which works out to just over 2.3 Quarts . That 's not a huge difference , but it 's worth knowing if you need the largest capacity possible.Lastly , while the pitcher may have been designed in France , it was made in China .
 This pitcher is so beautiful , yet durable . It 's indestructible and will undoubtedly last a lifetime . The ice guard is great since we use the pitcher to serve iced tea.Love it !!
 I really like the pitcher we received , however it is not as pictured on the website . The picture is a matte finish , ours is quite shiny . Not a big deal , I just do n't like the misrepresentation .
 Elegant water pitcher that is more beautiful than the photo can reveal . I have been casually searching for a pitcher that would tolerate the extremes of hot and cold necessary to steep tea , and quickly cool with ice to serve and then store in the refrigerator . It is a beautiful addition to any table !
 I purchased this pitcher from Amazon in Dec 2011 on a 4-for-3 Promotion for about $ 35 -LRB- which is still a little more than I wanted to pay , but I am very pleased with the pitcher -RRB- . I 've been using it everyday since , but just now writing a review . I loved it right out of the box and have n't had -LRB- or noticed -RRB- any problems - never regretted the purchase . My pitcher is -LRB- still -RRB- shiny on the outside , and sort of brushed on the inside . The capacity is good , at a little over half gallon . It is very sturdy , a good solid weight , quality constructed , handle and ice guard are welded on , does NOT drip after pouring -LRB- good thing ! -RRB- . Seems to be good quality stainless steel , and I feel like it should last a lifetime . Never any residue like one reviewer mentioned . It always looks good , whether I just rinse it off with hot water , or throw it in the dishwasher -LRB- which I do regularly and it still comes out beautiful and shiny -RRB- . It measures 71/2 '' tall , and 51/4 '' diameter . Worth noting ... the oval impressions on mine are evenly distributed over the entire pitcher , whereas the current picture on Amazon seems to be different -LRB- impressions not going all the way to the top , but otherwise the same -RRB- . I do n't still have the box , but I do n't recall my item being manufactured in China -LRB- and I typically pay attention to this -RRB- . I use this pitcher for making iced tea , using an electric kettle to boil water , and pour the boiling water directly into this stainless pitcher -LRB- with tea and sugar inside -RRB- . Love the pitcher , wish it had a lid , but would recommend , and would buy again if ever the need .
 I love this pitcher . Good looking , easy to pour & clean . Soooo much better then any plastic pitcher I have ever owned . It is a bit pricey , which almost changed my mind about purchasing it , but I am more than happy with it .
 We bought this because plastic pictures tend to become yucky after extended use . We 've had this for several weeks , and frequently use it to brew tea . It was kind of pricy , but we know it will last , because it 's stainless steel .
 This is an excellent intermediate chef knife . I used it to complete my knife set of the same type . I could n't be more pleased . The knife came with a decently sharp edge , but I 'll soon use my Japanese water stone to put a razor edge on it .
 Although this was the cheaper of the knives I was researching to replace my old friend who got lost in a camping expedition , this guy has held up amazingly to my day to day cooking habits . It stays sharp and feels great in the hand . Absolutely no reason to hold back on this purchase .
 I 've only used it once so far but it 's way better than my old chef 's knife which I inherited from my mom . So far it is very sharp , handles well and looks good .
 I previously bought one of these knives and use it almost daily . Keeps a pretty good edge , good balance . It 's not a premium knife but I cook mostly for myself so it 's not a high volume knife . I have n't had it professionally sharpened yet , but it keeps a good edge with a steel . Friends of mine just bought a mountain cabin and I was there when my friend cut herself with a crap santuko knife , and I picked up my phone and ordered this knife for them . I got it in 2 days . It 's a fine knife for the price and she loves it . If you 're looking for value , you wo n't be disappointed with this knife . If you 're looking for a knife you use every day and need to keep a really sharp edge at all times , you 'll probably want to spend a few more bucks for a Henckles or Wusthof .
 I am anything but a cook let alone a chief , but this is one smart buy . I was recovering from being ill and needed to spend time cooking some healthy food . Healthy food means fresh vegetables and other labor intensive items . If one is going to cook , one needs a good knife but I knew nothing about what I really needed and was not going to spend a mint to learn . I also knew nothing about chef 's knifes . Well , this beauty is one great inexpensive knife . I feel like a real chief whenever I use it . I do n't think I could of found a better knife at twice the price . It has a professional feel about it and has remained sharp although I bought the sharpener with it .
 Nice weight , solid feeling knife and does a beautiful job on chicken breast and thick beef cuts . Much nicer than the more expensive 8-inch chef 's knife I bought from another manufacturer at twice the price . In comparison , this is a real bargain .
 This was a great deal for the price.Take a look at this deal for yourself.Buy it and you will like it.GREAT PRICE
 I really like this chef 's knife .1 . very sharp from the box2 . feeling good on hand3 . professional look and feel4 . very low priceI highly recommend this knife to home user .
 Very solid chef 's knife . This is my first knife purchase , as well as being the only chef 's knife I own . Good weight , and seems very well made , especially considering the low price . I definitely recommend the Centurion as a great all-purpose chef 's knife in the kitchen .
 Love this knife . Sturdy and solid . Though not a professional chef , I was very happy with the purchase . Would reccomend to a friend .
 Wow , I bought this knife back when I worked in a local Italian restaurant in college . I cut and prepped all the veggies and fruit . One of my other duties was sharpening all the knives in the kitchen . After being frustrated with all of the low cost Sysco knives since they were never sharp and could never be sharpened , I noticed that the boss always had his own knife - at first a Henkel and then a Global . I decided to invest in my own knife for restaurant work . This chef 's knife was what I found on sale and I ca n't tell you how please I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- with this knife . Out of the box - it was so sharp I was scared of it , but I eventually realized what the phrase `` a sharp knife is a safe knife '' really means , because prep work with this thing was a dream . I bought a plastic holster for the blade so I could use it myself . But every other cook in the kitchen wanted to use it . It feels GREAT in your hand while you are cutting which is due to the shape , balance , shape and material of the handle and the full tang blade . I would also like to comment that it has an attractive classic look to it . I still have the same chef 's knife 7 years later and occassionally take it to a professional knife shop for sharpening . What else can I say ? I love this knife and will probably buy a full set if I can find one that has everything I want . Oh , I forgot about how great the price is - I have used Henkels , Globals and a few others and I can tell you if you keep this knife sharp you will be just as happy so you do n't need to spend all of that $ $ on the so-called higher quality brands . Chicago Cutlery has outdone themselves with this knife !
 This is my candidate for the world 's best low-cost big knife . I have several others , Japanese stainless and old-stock hand-forged French carbon steel , and they all cost lots more than this one , which is made in China . Yet this is the one I keep reaching for . This is a very fine knife , regardless of where it came from or what it cost . I 've been using it for several years . I hone it on a steel or a Fiskars RollSharp every time I use it , just like I do with expensive knives . This knife cost me $ 16 a few years ago at Wally World . I love it.A couple reviews here suggest that some people believe a -RRB- that a good knife should be dishwasher-safe and b -RRB- that you should believe the advertising and expect a knife to stay sharp forever . There may be a few dishwasher-safe knives out there , but for sure there are no knives that stay sharp , whether they cost 20-something or 200-something dollars . The closest thing to an ever-sharp knife is a high-grade serrated-blade knife , but those are suitable only for specialized tasks such as slicing dead-ripe tomatoes and bread . If you know how to keep a knife sharp , you can do both chores just fine with a conventional knife . If you do n't know how to keep a knife sharp , ask among your friends until you find one who can show you . If all that talk about honing at the correct angle scares you , buy a Fiskars RollSharp . It guarantees you hone at the correct angle.I 've always preferred 10-inch blades on big knives . Not any more .
 The knife is solidly constructed and feels great in my hand . I use it to prepare breakfast and dinner every single day and it is always a joy.This knife was not very sharp from the factory , which turned out to be a blessing in disguise . It forced me to learn how to sharpen it on a knife hone , and since it was dull and cheap to begin with I was n't worried about ruining the blade . Now it is exactly as sharp as I want it to be and holds its edge well -LRB- be sure to buy a steel -RRB- . If you 're reading this thinking that you should pay more for an already-sharp knife , keep in mind that all knives need to be sharpened periodically .
 AestheticsThe first thing I noticed about this knife was the mirror polish on the blade , and the nice heft . It also has a pleasant `` ting '' to the blade - a tribute to the high carbon content and forging process.In UseThe knife performs well , as it arrives sharp and fits well in the hand . It balances near the bolster , which allows for good control of the knife . The blade is quite thick and is tapered all the way down to the edge . That should provide a decent amount of material for sharpening , while keeping the overall weight down.Overall I was pleased with the performance - the one star removal is in regards to the shape . I 'm accustomed to a more pronounced radius on the front of the knife . The abrupt shape of this knife made following through on high cuts -LRB- the slicing motion -RRB- more difficult . It seems to be shaped well for rocking and dicing small to medium sized ingredients . I plan to use it for while to see if I grow to like the shape.I would n't hesitate to recommend this knife , for $ 20 it 's a great tool for any kitchen .
 My wife and I recently started a diet program , in the course of which we 've discovered an entirely new lifestyle of eating healthy , filling meals that also happen to be far lower calorie than our past repasts . In the course of this we -LRB- me in particular -RRB- are doing a lot more cooking from scratch , and eating a LOT more vegetables . With some of the knives we 've had around the kitchen for years , slicing up some of those veggies was literally getting to be kind of a drag.So when Amazon offered this knife at a truly bargain price a while back , it was an offer I could n't refuse . Last night I gave it the first real test , taking on a stack of eggplant , zucchini , a red bell pepper , a stalk of celery , a pound of mushrooms , an onion , and two small potatoes . This knife went through that stack of produce in half the time I 'm used to when using its well worn predecessors . I was going so fast I got a bit concerned that I might forget that my fingers were at the other end ! LOL I 'm going to have to learn an entirely new and more frenetic pace of chopping.Since the business end of this blade will be impacting the cutting board a lot , I bought a sharpening steel at the same time . Afew proper passes against that before each batch of chopping has kept the edge performing nicely for quite some time.Recommended .
 The knife arrived from Amazon within a week . It was beautifully packaged . It has a mirror finish , a lovely logo , a wonderful feel , and it is as sharp as I need it to be . It fits comfortably in my hand , with a base of the blade rounded so it wont nick my fingers . What is that part of the blade called?On to slicing scallions and red onions as thin as I wanted . No problem . It has just the right weight.It may not have the mystique of expensive Japanese or German knives . , but I like it very much , and I think we will have a happy life together.How do they make these knives for so little money , anyway?Brilliant !
 This knife matches my Calphalon Traditional set perfectly and so I think it beautiful . It is less heavy than the Calphalon but that does n't keep it from slicing through potatoes like butter and it fits well in my hand . This is the sharpest knife right out of the package that I 've ever had . I wish they offered a boning knife to match .
 My dog and cats are rawfed and I use this knife to cut up a lot , and I mean A LOT , of meat and bone . A few strokes on the honing steel and it floats through like butter.I also use it for most of the chopping and prep for family meals . The handle is comfortable in my hand and I do n't have to worry about the care of a wooden handle.My last chef knife was from Martha Stewart Everyday , and it was okay , but in comparison with the Chicago Cutlery knife the MSE one feels like a bludgeon or an axe head -- not nearly as well balanced , thick and unwieldy and I ca n't get it to keep an edge.I need to replace my knife because my kid broke it -LRB- he was playing around instead of putting it away , dropped it , and the tip snapped off in my vinyl floor -- at least he did n't chop off any digits while he was being stupid -RRB- and I came right back to get the exact same knife again .
 I found this knife from a review of knives that said this was the best in the affordable range . I picked it up on Amazon for even more of a discount . That being said , I was sure I would n't be impressed . - I was wrong ! - I 've had this knife for about a month and have used it quite extensively . I have diced onions , minced garlic , sliced tomatos , chopped all kinds of herbs , shaved baking chocolate , cubed flank stake and a bunch of other things you 'll do with this knife . I 've only had to sharpen it once - the edge keeps very well . I 'm impressed with this knife and am sure that as long as I properly care for it - hand wash , use a chopping board or flexible mat - my knife will perform far into the future .
 Came out of the box razor sharp and the weight and feel of the blade is amazing . The handle is a bit large and square but Im sure that 's just personal preference and it grew on me .
 i like the feeling of my holding it.it is sharp -LRB- off cause i need to rub it sometimes -RRB- , i always wander if i use it to stab somebody , haha
 Lots of knife for the pricce . It was better than I expected , and I could n't be happier with my purchase .
 been using this for catering jobs for a couple months now , man is it sharp , i use it all the time and love it .
 This knife is well made and very sharp . It also feels sturdy . It is a terrific bargain , as it feels like my first real knife after several hand me downs yet it does not have the high cost of some other brands .
 Excellent value , a very sharp knife , easy to hone . Well balanced . Just what I was looking for on my very tight budget .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and he has n't been putting down since ! He already loves cooking , but this knife has helped him work on his culinary technique since it is quality . Cuts through just about everything and has lasted with proper care .
 excelent balance and gripsharp edge holding well - absolutly love it . i have worked with chicago knives before this is one of the best
 I ordered this for my son who started a new job in food prep . He tells me he loves the knife and it works great !
 This is a great knife and you can not beat it for the price . I recommend this to anyone who needs a sharp knife and is not addicted to high dollar brands . It does the job and it can be sharpened .
 This is my first quality `` chef 's knife '' . I ordered it through Amazon on a `` lighting '' deal at a good price and I am very impressed with this knife . It handles well , and is well made . It 's also the first knife I 've bought that had a usable sharp edge right out of the package . It did n't take much effort to put a nice sharp edge on it . The handle is shaped well for me , it 's more comfortable than the wooden handled series.When I replace or upgrade my other knives I will check out the Centurion series again .
 I purchased this knife having moderate expectations about it 's ability to measure up to a $ 100.00 knife in terms of performance and value . I give in an ` A ' for value because it 's razor sharp right out of the package , has a good weight , and is well balanced ... Great $ 20.00 purchase
 It shipped quick . It cuts like a knife ... I 've been messing with less than sharp cutlery for a while , so I have to be mindful when I 'm wielding this one . I love it .
 This knife is nice and heavy and very , very sharp . I could have spent a lot more but this is perfect for my needs . I know I 'll have it for years .
 $ 18.95 for this knife is such a good deal , it cuts very well and is quick as well . The quality of the blade and handle really surprised me for a knife in this price range , very pleased
 I 've been searching around for a Chef 's knife for quite some time and found this as a Lightning Deal for only $ 9.99 . As I took it out of the package , I was amazed at how hefty it was . Good handle and sharp blade . Was n't disappointed when I used it . It was just what I needed . Only time will tell how durable it is , but for now , I am satisfied .
 I picked up three of these when they were on sale . True to form for this particular model , it does have a decent edge -LRB- though not atom-splitting sharp -RRB- and a very sturdy and comfortable handle . It 's delightful to have several chef knives available as you go along . It does tend to stick to foods , but you 'd need a Santoku knife to avoid that -LRB- and good luck finding a good one at this price -RRB- . The polymer handle is dense and does n't feel like it will let go of the blade at all . Overall the weight is impressive . But here 's the problem ... if you so much as look at the knife sideways , it will develop rust spots . Big , ugly , stubborn rust spots . This is not a dishwasher-friendly knife . Buy it for the price and ease of use , but expect to keep it hidden in a drawer .
 Sad to say , in the 17 years I 've lived on my own , I 've never owned a `` real '' chef 's knife . I 've been sawing tomatoes and everything else for that matter . Every time I looked into good knives , they seems to be uber expensive and totally out of the budget so when I saw the reviews for this knife I figured , why not ? So glad I bought this . This knife is AMAZING . My husband and I have been chop-happy since we got it , it 's just sooooo easy . This morning I thinly sliced potatoes and red peppers for hash browns , and it took less than 10 minutes for the whole massive bowlful . GREAT purchase .
 Life 's to short not to have some good knives . This knife has a good heft and comes out of the package reasonably sharp . I 've been radically increasing my veggie intake for health reasons , and this has been put to good use . Still have all my fingers , which is a good thing .
 The title says it all . The first time I picked it up I was in love.Excellent steel holds an edge and it is extremely affordable .
 I am a qualified chef . I have owned two of these knives.I routine would win competitions among the other apprentice chefs when i first got this knife in school . I never had an issue with dulling , wear , damage , weight , or action . This was a professional kitchen quality knife that stood up to the competition of 200 and 300 dollar blades . We would actively compete amongst ourselves and when a chef first gets a position in a brigade it is routine for the Head Chef , Sous Chef , and Chef -LRB- s -RRB- de Partie to judge you based , in part , on your tools and your upkeep of said tools.I am an unabashed fan.Please know that this and all chef 's knives require appropriate upkeep . Do not allow the blade to exist loose around other metal tools in a drawer . Do use a steel every time you use the blade . Do sharpen the blade regularly with a stone . Find a blade angle that is natural to your sharpening action -LRB- a good trick is to put your hand flat on a flat surface and raise one side to the height of your other index finger or thumb to get an appropriate angle -RRB- apply this angle to both sides of the edge of the blade and maintain that angle.My advice can only apply in the context of this upkeep , but I honestly found it to be a fantastic option in a professional kitchen . And we are serious about our tools .
 Well balanced , sturdy . I do a lot of cut work and detail stuff . . its a champ . Holds an edge very well . Quite sharp from the factory . Good for entry level or budget minded . A professional level knife .
 The knife came at a very low price and it does a good job of cutting . I even am considering purchasing a second one .
 Love Chicago knives . I learned that if you have a sharp knife then chopping onions and various vegetables is n't such a chore.Slicing through potatoes and tomatoes are just easy and smooth . I ca n't believe I got it for such an affordable price.I almost paid $ 80 for another fancy brand . On top of its performance , the knife has great weight & balance in my hand , it 's well made , looks sleek ... what else do you need . This knife is great just on its own but add the price , and it 's just fantastic ! Do be diligent when caring for it . I bought one of those magnet bars that screws to the wall , to put my knives on and I see the difference it 's made on the knives . Throwing them in the drawer , or running them in the dishwasher will accelerate its demise.Thanks Chicago Cutlery for not being so hoity toity , and offering us `` po '' folks great knives to work with .
 awesomeeeeee knife i bought this just to make my last order $ 25 so i can get free shipping and also needed a good knife for the house . i had the order shipped to my restaurant , when i got the package i decided to open it and just give it a try and see how bad it sucks -LRB- since its only $ 10 -RRB- lets just say the knife stayed at the restaurant and never made it home . last thing i got ta say ... i have more expensive knives that i use and this one here is def better than alot of more expensive knives . super impressive
 I have looked to replace my chief knife from Cutera that had a broken handle and a chip from a fall . This knife has been a wonderful replacement . The handle is well balanced . The cut is smooth and seems to be holding it 's sharpness from a few months use . I would recommend it for it 's good performance and excellent value .
 A knife needs to be sharp and well balanced . This one is both!The full tang helps distribute the 8.4 ozs of the blade and handle well and thus provides a nicely balanced knife . It feels very secure and comfortable in my hand . It was sharp out of the package and I found that it is easily re-honed on a sharpening steel to be a little sharper.I have only had it for a few weeks now but I expect it to last a while before it needs serious sharpening .
 I like this knife , it gets the job done . Not the sharpest one out there , but sturdy and reliable . I would definitely recommend it for the price .
 I bought this to replace one henkel kinfe that was damaged and it actually seems like a better than the one i had.Full tang and is very sturdy . It still fits in my existing knife holder . GREAT
 Bought this for my husband for Christmas based on other positive reviews ; he loves it ! Well balanced , good weight , nice sharp edge , good size . Sturdy .
 This is one outstanding kitchen knife even prior to consideration of the price . The handle and blade are well balanced . It was sharp out of the box and I have yet to need to sharpen it after a month of hard use .
 Great price considering the excellent quality . It has the feel of more expensive knives I 've bought since . If you are going to get 1 knife for your kitchen on a budget , it should be this one .
 Well built and balanced . Heavier than the RH Forschner knife that it replaced and of equal quality . A real bargain .
 I bought this knife to replace a similar one that broke at the handle . I love the studiness of the handle .
 We never had a good knife for kithchen work and it was always a pain to cut most anything , but especially tomatoes ! This knife makes easy work of anything and everything that we need it for . Its very well reasonably priced and cuts like a dream.Just light any knife , make sure you maintain it well with a good knife sharpener and you will love this knife for life .
 Very well painted and sturdy . These little angels make nice mementos for those who will be missing their best friends , especially at Christmas .
 This ornament was okay . It is n't too detailed when you look up close , but it is sweet and a great gift for an animal lover .
 Bought this for ice-chilling occasional bottles of wine and Champagne . Was pleased to find it was well made from heavy weight stainless steel , and had a beautifully polished finish inside and out - very attractive overall . My initial thought on seeing it was that it might be a little short - that the necks of bottles would not get chilled as effectively as the rest . But by tilting the bottles and leaning the necks against the side , that 's not the case at all . -LRB- It might be , however , for a hock bottle ; have n't tried that yet -RRB- . This is a bargain compared to several alternatives I 've seen , none of which had both the quality construction/finish and handy handles of this unit - and were more expensive as well . Highly recommended .
 This wine bucket is great and made of high quality steel and keeps your wine nice and chilled . .
 Nice item for the price . We are using it in our bridal suite at a hotel . It is holding up nicely .
 This towel is super big , super soft and thirsty . It washes well and stays fluffy . The color matches other Waterford products .
 I bought the Garnet & Mahogany colors for a his and hers look . Towels are heavy and soft . Pattern is very nice . I just wish they came larger and that the ends did not shrink . I wash towels in extra hot water sometimes and that is probably why . Colors stayed true . Happy with purchase .
 I am sorry to say the gold color for this towel is more brown , not really gold . I wish it either real gold color , or darker brown , since this brown is not very pleasent color .
 I am slightly disappointed at the size of the bath towel . They do n't make it any bigger than this . The quality is really good . The towels gets softer with every wash . I really enjoy using it .
 This fragrance -LRB- bergamot tobacco -RRB- is not only masculine and sweet , but completely hypnotic . Somewhat reminiscent of orange flowers and sweet pipe tobacco , calls to mind the southern speakeasy atmosphere , dark and inviting . A fresh and stimulating fragrance I never get tired of , I would love this scent in a cologne . Equally appealing to men and women , this gets a 10 out of 10 . Simply perfect .
 This is my favorite Belleek vase . A sweet little tower amongst other Belleek pieces , it reminds of Ireland and Saint Patrick 's Day year round . Whether for yourself or as a gift to someone else
 I love this Belleek Castle vase - it reminds me of a beautiful castle every time I see it . It is only a medium size vase - not wide enough for a dozen roses , but perfect for a smaller bouquet . The crenellations around the top are slightly fragile - this is definitely not dishwasher safe -LRB- as we discovered . I actually have two of these now - one for fresh flowers and one that is glued back together and is used for a dried arrangement . -RRB-
 A really good tool for the kitchen . It makes making mashed potatoes as easy as boiling water . You do n't even have to peal them , just squeeze them through the skin and they are ready to add milk , butter , salt and pepper . Clean up is easy also , just put in the dishwasher and turn it on.I do n't really care for the way the different grates are stored . If they could be placed with the Presser in a slot of holder that is part of the presser it would be nice . Over all it is very useful and does a good job.I 'm sure there are other uses , I just need to find them .
 If you want lump free mashed potatoes , this is the perfect gadget for you ! It also makes spaetzle quite easily as well.It sits well ontop of a bowl which is important in a potato ricer . Easy , Easy , Easy to use , and easy to clean if you do it right away , a little more difficult if you let set out for a while with out soaking it . The extra discs could be stored a little better , but it 's nice to have those options . All in all a very nice product.One more little tip , when you do make mashed potatoes with this , you wo n't need to add as much milk . This is a mistake you only make once !
 Mashed potatoes are MUCH easier to make with this vs with an electric blender or a regular potato masher . No lumps or bumps in the mashed potatoes with this gadget - if it wo n't fit out the holes , it wo n't be in the potatoes !
 it has a good tight fit . The parts move freely ... and it was a much better price than the box stores ...
 I have used the Foley Food Mill to make applesauce , tomato sauce and blackberry jelly . It works great and saves a ton of time by not having to peel apples/tomatoes . Used on fresh blackberries to squeeze out juice instead of pressing by hand through a sieve . So fast and easy . The only problem with blackberries is that it did allow some seeds to go through , but next time I will just strain through sieve after foley food mill . Very easy to assemble/disassemble for cleaning and stainless so it wo n't rust . I am extremely pleased with this product .
 The Foley Food Mill separates with ease pulp from juice . Ideal for making homemade jams and jellies . One of the problems is extracting all of the juice from the pulp , the Foley Food Mill does exactly that and spits the hulls , skins and stems to the side.It is an excellent kitchen tool at a moderate price .
 This is an incredible piece of equipment . I owned my previous one for over 20 years before it broke . It makes incredible applesauce .
 I love this food mill for making applesauce . It is so easy . I have been making applesauce for over 40 years but my other mill broke which was similar to the new one . I would highly recommend this one .
 I purchased this for my daughter because she kept borrowing mine and I decided it was time for her to have her own . I could n't find one in the stores , so I took a chance and ordered the 3.5 quart online . It is larger than mine and great for a family . I highly recommend this product , and will order two more for my other daughters .
 I am so grateful to get this mill - It is perfect for applesauce ! Thanks so much for a quick delivery !
 This food mill is just what I needed for canning season . It 's great for making tomato juice and applesauce .
 This product is living up to it 's advertisement . I would recommend it to anyone for the use intended .
 We made really great applesauce with this food mill . It 's easy to use , works right out of the box , cleans up well and works like a charm . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I needed a food mill to process apples into applesauce . We picked apples this week and the food mill worked perfectly . I just cut my apples in 4 , cook them till soft and the food mill turned them into perfect applesauce . I am very pleased with this mill . It is sturdy , easy to clean and handles just the right quantity of apples .
 I 've never owned or used a food mill before . I bought it for canning and used it for the first time a couple of days ago . I planted a crab apple tree a few years ago and it 's been loaded with fruit the past couple of years . I 've made crab apple jelly , but that leaves you with so much wasted fruit so though I 'd never heard of crab apple butter , I thought I 'd give it a try -LRB- it 's fantastic , btw -RRB- . Last year I used a sieve and man my arms were aching after pushing all that cooked fruit through . This year , I could n't believe how quick and easy it was to run the fruit through the food mill . Before I knew it I was done and ended up with over twenty jars of the stuff from one tree . Last year I only got half that amount . Yay ! As others have mentioned , the handle is quite uncomfortable -LRB- hence the four instead of five stars -RRB- , but I just wrapped a dish towel around it and it was ok .
 I needed a Foley to process all the sauce tomatoes my garden produced this summer ... This thing works great ... takes getting used to the force it takes to make it reallywork at it 's optimal best ... but easy ... certainly made the sauce work a lot easier !!
 I 've had 2 different food mills over the years , but did n't use them much because they were zinc coated and that left a metallic taste on tomatoes and other citrus foods.I 'm now more heavily involved in food procession for both freezer and canning , and found I needed a Food Mill again . I did just a little research and decided on the 3.5 qt by Mirro Foley , the same brands I had before , because I knew what to expect . I was n't disappointed.My first job was pureeing and separating out the seeds and skins from grill-roasted tomatoes for canning . It is the quality I expected , it works as expected , and there is no unexpected extra metallic taste!I 'm looking forward to running the passion fruit pulp through the mill to separate out the seeds . I have 2 gallons of strawberry guava in the freezer awaiting the same process for jam.I highly recommend this unit , in stainless steel .
 I purchased this food mill because it was larger than the one I had . It is exactly as pictured , and is a delight . I ended up giving it to my son , who had never heard of a Foley Food Mill . He loves it . He is also a better cook than I . He will have many years of `` good cooking '' , now that he has a Foley Food Mill !
 I ordered the Foley food mill because my old one -LSB- 30 + years old -RSB- had finally given up the ghost . My new one is bigger -LSB- more apples per sauce making ! -RSB- and ready for this fall .
 These Foley pans are AWESOME ! The applesauce and the tomato sauces you can make with these pans are sooooo much easier because they do all the work for you ! You 'll never have to peel or de-seed a tomato or an apple again . These pans catch all the peels and seeds for you in the pan , all you have to do is boil the apples or tomatoes and pour the bolied product in the pan , turn the Foley pan handle over a bowl and whala ! you have a nice tasty colorful sauce !!! And being able to leave the peels on the fruit or vegetables gives the finished sauce a wonderful deep color and wonderful flavor . Do n't ever stop making these pans . . more people should know about them ! : -RRB-
 The original we purchased here on Amazon from AceDiscountWarehouse was defective . They sent us a replacement immediately and it has no faults and works well . Thanks for the great customer service .
 After 30 + years I ordered a new Foley Food Mill this summer to assist in making blackberry and raspberry jams . My old one was still working but had been used well for years , for baby food , soups , purees and jams . The mill is still made with great care and works wonderfully - nothing else can do what it does .
 Just purchased my second Foley Food Mill . My first one , which was over 30 years old , finally rusted around the bottom . Very pleased with the `` larger '' capacity of this Foley Food Mill . Allows me to dump cooked apples for applesauce in one batch . This food mill surpasses anything else out there . The design has never changed and that 's a plus - it 's simple and it does a great job for making applesauce , mashing potatoes , making baby food etc. . My kitchen would not be complete without this `` gadget '' . There is no reason to buy any other brand - this IS the best . If my first one lasted 30 years I guess this one will have to be part of my estate . Turning 4 bushels of NYS apples into applesauce is a fun project with this appliance . Ca n't wait to dig in my freezer in May and have homemade applesauce as a treat .
 I purchased this item , it is exactly what I wanted and performs as advertised . The price was about half of the others that were listed and it is heavy duty and the extra large size that i need .
 I 've made apple butter every year for several years . This year our trees have produced a lot of apples , so we 're busy putting them up in every way we can figure out - lots of apple butter . Our daughter says this year the apple butter is better than before and she credits the food mill for consistent texture and flavor . Thank you , Foley!Kay Moseley
 Make red Chile all the time . . Worth it ...
 Very fast shipping.This is one of the best food mills that I have had . Very sturdy and cleans up quickly.It is very large and works well .
 It was just what my wife wanted . It came one time and was boxed securely . I would recommend this product and buy it throughAmazon .
 Makes the best apple sauce . . It separates the peelings and you are left with just all the yummy sauce . . makes the sauce smooth
 I think for the money this food mill works , but I do n't really have much to compare it to since I 've never used one before this . It purees the soups I 've made with it really well . My arms hurt after a while but I think that 's to be expected ...
 I bought this food mill because it 's the same design as the food mill my grandmother has had for decades . I 've been using it the past few weeks to make tomato gazpacho . This food mill is more than up to the task.The stainless steel surface is easy to keep clean , and it disassembles for even easier cleaning . As a nice touch , the diameter of the scraper wire on the bottom of the mill is just a fraction smaller than the grill holes , which means that if you have seeds lodged in any of the holes after cleaning , you can use the scraper wire to knock them out.The only reason why I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the double-loop handle can be uncomfortable to hold after a while . -LRB- I can understand why they used the double-loop design -- because it stays cooler if you 're milling over a heated pot -- but I think I would 've preferred having a more comfortable handle and using a potholder if necessary . -RRB-
 I had one about 30 years ago and just loved it for making applesauce . Unfortunately I lost it a few years ago and had to get another one . These are very hard to find but are one of the best of their kind on the market . You do have to remember , though to grind clockwise , then reverse every 5 or 6 times . Also about every 15 minutes or so , you need to empty it , turn it over and tighten the nut on the bottom as it works its way loose at times . Overall it 's a very good product .
 I had been looking for a food mill for quite some time now . I even purchased one at Bed , Bath & Beyond . It could n't do the processing at all.So when I saw this food mill , which is like the one my mother used , I knew it would be just what I was looking for - And it was !
 Shortly after receiving the Foley Food Mill we put it to the test , making about 14 quarts of applesauce . It worked great and was very easy to clean . The milling function was efficient and easy , once you get the art of when to clear the bottom down . The only thing that keeps this from being a five star review is the handle , which is just two metal rods . It REALLY needs to have a true solid rounded handle in order to prevent hand cramps and pains . I finally used a hand towel wrapped several times around the handle to cushion the grip.That aside , this is all as promised and then some .
 I have used this food mill for over twenty years ! I lent mine to a friend of mine and she was so busy making applesauce she did not return it . I told her to keep it , as she enjoyed it so much and bought a new one for myself !
 The Foley Foodmill I ordered was exactly what I needed to make homemade applesauce which is healthy and loved by my family . Could n't find a foodmill anywhere . This one is excellent .
 I was extremely happy to receive my Foley Food Mill in excellent condition in an exceptionally quick manner ! Thanks for your business ethic !
 I had a Foley Food Mill for years in NY before retiring to Fla.Just bought one for my daughter and it arrived in 6 days . By7 pm that night she had a big batch of delicious applesauce forthe family . Easy to use and clean . A dependable product .
 WearEver # 50025 3.5 QT Stainless Steel Food MillThis is a very essential addition to anyones kitchen . This reduces the timeby half when making applesauce and other butters or sauces .
 I have owned my Foley mill for over 10 years . I love it ! I use it all summer long , from apricot season to tomatoes . When the bag of apples ends up mushy , cook them and put them through this mill . I ca n't tell you how many people I have recommended this gadget to . I have used it for jams , fruit butters , and sauces . It can be used to remove just seeds and peels , or you can flip the screw beneath to remove pits as well . One of the little hooks on the side came off of mine once , but my husband used his riveter to put it back on . I will never be without one of these !
 The purchase of the Foley Food mill has made canning tomato juice a breeze . I would recommend it to anyone who wants to can tomato juice .
 Hey , it 's a Foley . My grandmother and mother used these for making so much great appleasuce and now I shall as well .
 Got this to make baby food purees . So far , I 've pureed apples , pears , pumpkins , squash , and potatoes , and it works great ! It does n't have different sized discs , but I do n't find that I need them . It does take several minutes to puree , but the results are worth it . The baby food has a very smooth texture and it leaves behind strings and peel . Personally , I would not waste money on an expensive food mill . A food mill is so basic that , for the typical home chef , I do n't see why an expensive one is necessary .
 this item is well made and i am looking forward to using it in the near future as i make jams and jelly so i need to extract fruit from skins and seed . i have an older model and smaller and the first time i tried this one it was too large for the job i was doing , -LRB- crabapples -RRB- and it was hard to hold on to this one for that but looks good for softer friut . anyway i would recommend this to anyone
 this was to replace a mill that I gave my daughter since she could not find any where she lives . Have used one for years to make jelly .
 My mom used to use one of these when I was a kid to can tomato juice . I 've been borrowing it for years but finally broke down and bought my own . It is an excellent food mill for tomato juice . It is very simple to operate and clean.I looked at several other food mills but opted for the Foley because of its sturdy contruction .
 this was bought as a gift for my lady and she seems to like it . It kinda sucks that it is human powered but does what it is meant to .
 Shipped immediately and product was as described . Very Satisfied . Would order from this merchant again .
 I ordered this to replace a 15 year old Foley Food mill that had gotten a bit rusty . I decided to stay with Foley since my mother has always sworn by them , and since this one said it was stainless steel . The only problem I have with it is the center piece that the paddle goes into is n't stainless -- it appears to be aluminum that had already started oxidizing by the time I got it.The handle is n't as comfortable as my old one , but since I do n't use it for long periods of time at once , it has n't been a problem.It 's easy to crank , and comes apart easily for cleaning . It works well !
 A terrific product !! Only Foley makes a worthwhile food mill . I have bought less expensive units with many more bells and whistles and none of them is worth a second look . Only Foley makes a good and reliable product that is rust free and long lasting . A little pricey but there is no substitute .
 Here is a product that is simple to use , and the design is basically unchanged from days gone by ! I do a lot of home canning , and would not be without my Foley Food Mill !
 For the price , you ca n't beat this food mill . I love mine ! And , getting it at Amazon.com just makes sense . I love the free shipping options with Amazon .
 We ordered these food mills specifically for making apple butter . My mother has one that is very similar that she has had for many years but needed replacing . There are 2 things that I would consider possible `` pit-falls '' . First the wire handle is a little uncomfortable ; wish it were solid . But that 's easily remedied with a cloth . Then other thing is the clips that help hold the mill on the pan . These clips are pretty flimsy . When making apple butter , you need to apply a bit of pressure to get all the pulp worked through . Although the clips did n't break off , they did bend a bit . I had to bend them back a couple of times . Overall , a pretty good product . We processed 2 bushels of apples without any real problems .
 I received my Foly food mill quickly by parcel post with free shipping ... I chose the 3.5 quart size to primarily do tomatoes . So quickly and easily freeze tomatoes for a very fresh tasting tomato sauce and juice for soups or just to drink . Do n't ruin tomatoes by cooking them to death . Just use the food mill to take the juice out and cook the sauce quickly . You can even use canned tomatoes to extract the juice and make a wonderful sauce . My wife makes the most wonderful vegetarian tomato sauce with the remaining pulp . When I freeze tomatoes , I use the whole tomato . So quick and easy
 Had a bumper crop of tomatoes this year and this product enabled us to puree a bunch of them so we could can and preserve them . It worked very well .
 This food mill works just as well as the original , which I still have . It actually works faster , probably do to the milling surface being new and sharp , and the stainless steel makes cleanup a breeze . But , as everyone else has said , the handle is seriously uncomfortable . Overall , it 's still my favorite food mill .
 This is the first year of canning for me . My mother-in-law told me how much easier canning tomatoes would be with the foley mill . I bought it and used it . I loved it . It is the most excited I have been about preparing food in a long time . It was here in record time . I see many more years of using this product .
 Works very well . I have made applesauce and pear sauce for my children and it worked to perfection . It is still manual , so their is work to do to make these sauces . I thought I would try some rice , but that did n't do well at all . This machine is perfect for sauces . Well worth the money . The quality is very good , and should be a product that lasts a lifetime .
 Ordered this as a Christmas present for my sister . Came quickly and it is a sturdy tool . I have this same model -LRB- years old -RRB- and have used it for many foods
 This is the best tool to obtain the most smooth and creamy mashed potatoes . I also use it to cream vegetable soup to get rid of peels and seeds ; it also give a better texture than blending it . It is great for tomato sauce , too . The best about this food mill is that is stainless steel so , unlike the older versions of this product , it does n't rust .
 My husband drinks a lot of v-8 juice so we decided to try and make our own tomato juice this past summer . We grow our own organic vegetables including tomatoes so we purchased this food mill to give it a try . We absolutely love this thing . It is still made the same as it was many years ago , and makes the best juice ! Love it !
 This is a must have if you are canning any recipe with tomatoes . I started the season peeling and seeding all my tomatoes by hand , got this mid stream and was kicking myself for not getting it earlier . This rocks , it makes seeding and peeling a breeze ! I have n't tried using for applesause but that is next !
 I have not had the opportunity to use this item yet . I was very satisfied with the quick delivery and I am sure I am going to enjoy using this food mill .
 I have used a Foley food mill for years , but having a stainless one that can go in the dishwasher is a real plus . How could you make tomato sauce without it ?
 It was exactly as it was shown and similar to one I had had for 50 years . This product was bigger than my old Mirro and Stainless steel which is appreciated .
 I purchased this food mill because it is a realiable company , good price and pretty standard design . The only thing different from my old mill was the way it came appart and the handle . It is so easy to take apart and clean . I had to figure out that I could adjust the screw on the bottom . Once I did that it worked really well.The only thing I did n't like is the handle . It is really uncomfortable and hard to hold . I 'm going to have to get some kind of handle cover for it . It is probably to keep it from getting too hot . A silicone coating on a solid handle would solve both issues .
 I really like the large capacity of the bowl , makes fast work of large quantities.I would have given it 5 stars except for the handle , it 's uncomfortable when you 're processing a lot of product . I think my husband will be able to make a firm sleeve to fit over the wire handle frame , that should help .
 This was just what I needed to make tomatoe basil soup and tomatoe juice . It works great . I definately recommend this product . It is a great addition to my canning supplies . .
 I purchased this in anticipation of a large tomato crop . I had a large amount of roma tomatoes and needed a way to keep the seeds , etc from the sauce itself . This Foley Food Mill was excellent . Saved me a huge amount of time and energy . Very easy to clean by unscrewing the small thumb screw on the bottom . It is dishwasher safe , but I hand-washed it . The larger size will be great for apple season and peaches and mashed potatoes . Do I wish it had a better handle , sure , there are always improvements that we like to see , but this handled the job nicely . Almost an exact replica of the one my Mom had !!
 Used primarily for processing tomatoes , this processor works ok . Seeds tend to clog up the holes pretty fast and does n't seem to work as fast as the kind I used as a kid with the funnel shape and wooden dowel . But overall an OK food processor .
 Got tired of borrowing my neighbors FOOD MILL so bought one for me , it is the same as what I had used before , great little product.Easy ordering from Amazon .
 Mirro Foley 3.5-Quart Stainless Steel Food Mill . My garden produced an abundance of tomatoes and I remembered that my mother skipped peeling , which I hate , by using a Foley Food Mill . I found a Foley on Amazon . It works great and I have made lots of Spaghetti Sauce and Chili Sauce . Much better than store bought . Love it ! Also love the fast delivery .
 this was the first year I atempted to make apple butter . When I was getting the recipe how to make it - it said I needed a food mill to grind down the cooked apples to make applesauce . It worked like a charm ... it 's very easy to use and clean up is a breeze .
 These are very hard to find in local stores . I searched a lot before finding this one . I use it for applesauce . It is GREAT . Works like a charm . I highly recommend it .
 I 've used the Foley Food Mill twice since it arrived . I made applesauce which was , and is always , far , far better than jarred or canned applesauce . If you use apples without wax you can just quarter the apples , cook them and put them in the Foley Food Mill et voila , no peeling , no coring ... it 's done by the Foley . I plan to go to their website for recipes . Old fashioned product with old fashion memories . I look forward to using it with my grand kids .
 The Panache goblet is absolutely BEAUTIFUL . The unique squared off shape is incredibly elegant and I get compliments on the goblets from guests all the time . I 've never seen goblets that completely fit in with any table setting quite like these do . My husband also loves these goblets because they do n't feel dainty and fragile in his hand . The feel of the Panache goblets is solid and substantial . The perfect combination of weight and style in my opinion . Enjoy !
 Great looking glasses . Glass is just the right thickness . Not to thin and not to thick . Good quality crystal for a decent price .
 My daughter loved them . They were a perfect match for 4 other glasses that she had and was trying to find more to add to her set . How long will I be order to reorder these glasses
 It is a beautiful looking piece . The only draw back I see is that it does tend to get cold if you shake for a long time .
 This is an excellent set of knives at an amazingly low price . What a value , what a winner !
 We saw this set had a very positive review on Consumer Report on Line . We purchased at a price below the review price . Love these knives , first decent knife set we have every owned .
 I am very impressed with these knives - great for everyday use . Arrived very quickly and I use them everyday from slicing fruit to meat . Great product !
 I ordered these knives for my husband because he likes using certain kitchen tools . These knives are the ones he always reaches for first . He loves them .
 Excellent knives and great price . This set is perfect for almost any kitchen need !
 This is a nice scale . The large , red LED display is easy to read . I 've had the earlier model of this brand of scale for about 10 years . This newer version reads down to the tenth of a pound -LRB- the old one just did half pounds -RRB- . This one also resets quickly in between readings ... that is , if you weigh yourself , step off , then weigh again , it automatically reads the new weight . With the older version , you had to step off for a couple of seconds and it seemed to keep the initial weight reading in memory . That was obnoxious . I have no complaints about this scale .
 We just got delivery of this scale yesterday . I have marginal vision , just barely legal for driving , and I often have trouble reading LCD displays indoors , so I purchsed this scale for its large LED readout . It is very easy to read , even for me . It 's easy to use -- step on , the unit turns on automatically and shows your weight in a few seconds . Then step off , and it turns off automatically . If it ca n't read your weight accurately because of some disturbance -- shifting your weight , for example , it displays a C on the readout . Just step off and step back on to try again.My only concern is that the LED display may go through lots of batteries . I 've only had it a day , so I ca n't say . But 9V batteries are cheap and easy to find , so I do n't really think it matters too much .
 This scale has large , red numbers and I find it easy to read . You simply step on the scale , no need to fiddle with any controls , and it displays the number after a few seconds .
 My 1991 vintage health-o-meter scale finally gave out , and I purchased two inexpensive Taylor scales in local stores and returned both of them for being lightweight , flimsy and hard to read . I then tought this Health-o-meter from amazon
 I bought these to match my steak knives . They are really good all-purpose scissors . I have used them a lot to open packages while cooking . Safer than using a knife . I have not tried to cut up chicken with them , yet .
 I love these shears , they 're awesome for cutting herbs fresh from the garden , or pizza fresh from the oven . Being vegan there 's no worry about whether these are suitable for cutting up chickens or any other dead animals cause it just ai n't gon na happen at my house . I use them for all kinds of kitchen tasks and will be buying more to use all around the house . Great buy for the money .
 I have 3 pairs now , and they are fine . I do n't see how you can actually break one of these , but if you do , they have a lifetime warranty , so no biggie . I actually bought 2 more pairs for around the house , like one in my tool box , kitchen , and for opening those crazy plastic packaging .
 Been using them for years and they have n't failed me yet . I use them in the kitchen for everything.Would highly recommend .
 This was the second pair of these that we bought for the kitchen . We had the first pair for several years . They 've stayed sharp , and are easy on the hands.The scissors went missing . After they were missing for several weeks , I looked back on Amazon to see what I bought previously to try to find a second pair of the same . I was glad to see they were still there . After I ordered these , we found the first again , -LRB- in my wife 's yarn basket -RRB- . I have one odd use for these involving the `` notch '' . They have a notch , barely visible in the picture , on one of the blades , that is just perfect for putting large pills in to split them in half . I use them for a glucosamine and chondroitin pill that I take . I want to take 1/2 per day , but the big capsules are hard to cut . The capsule has a `` line '' for splitting , but it is really hard to do by hand . On a cutting board , the pill halves go flying if you use a knife , and the pills are two tough for the `` pill anvil '' supplied by the pharmacy.With these scissors , you can put the capsule into the notch with the `` line '' parallel to the blades , thenclose the blades enough to secure the capsule , let go and snip . You can `` snip '' in a bowl , measuring cup , or whatever , so if the pill halves go flying , they stay contained . Odd application , but amazingly successful.Oh , and good scissors for `` normal stuff '' as well ... paper , celery , meat ... Wash up easily as well .
 these shears are not the nicest i 've ever handled , but they are close , and they are amazing for the price . i was impressed at the sturdiness , especailly due to the fact that they are n't bulky . i 'd give them a 10 for value , and an 8 for overall quality .
 First up
 High Quality . Item as described . Ordered as a replacement to a set of knives . Very satisfied .
 I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER AND FROM WHAT SHE HAS TOLD ME SHE IS VERY PLEASED .
 The shears do exactly what they 're supposed to
 these scissors appear to be pretty high quality ... they are just a tad smaller than i expected -LRB- then my last pair -RRB- ...
 They are rather sturdy shears for the price . I have been using them for about a month now . Cuts chicken wings wonderfully . Does n't require a lot of force . Great for the average family 's everyday use .
 I am a professional chef and have been looking for a sturdy pair of scissors . I have found them ! I use these scissors on everything , and boy are they great . Plactic , carpets , thin metal straps . however I am a bit perplexed reading some of the other reviews saying that they are terrible for cutting through chicken bones . Um , use a knife , its safer and quicker , you also wo n't develop carpel tunnel or arthritis as quickly if you use a knife . I know i know , some infomercial shows scissors cutting up a chicken and then still perfectly cutting paper , use the right tools for the right job , and you wo n't be dissatisfied .
 Hello , I have been using this exact shears for years and the shears are used daily . Never a problem . I use them for many cuts
 Strong , dependable shears . Great for everyday kitchen use , from cutting thick vines of grapes to opening a bag . Blades are very sharp and easy to clean , and the handle is comfortable and strong.I wish the blades were just a bit longer . However , most cuts for kitchen use are short anyway , and the shorter blades can withstand thicker materials requiring more strength . So , for kitchen use , these shears work very well . By design , shears that are great for kitchen use will not be good for cutting wrapping paper -LRB- just an example -RRB- , and because I needed something that provided strength , I am happy with these shears .
 I have been impressed with the Centurion cutlery line from Chicago Cutlery . I have noticed some things with the Centurion shears.These are a departure from the other chicago cutlery kitchen shears in a few ways :1 . They do not come apart . I like this feature on the insignia and walnut tradition lines as it allows for easy cleaning -LRB- like when cutting raw meat -RRB- . -LRB- Another reviewer likes that they do not come apart but seems to be using them for furniture repair . -RRB- 2 . They do not have the multitool can opener and screw driver attached to the handle . -LRB- I find these tools useful in the kitchen - especially the can opener . However another reviewer likes the fact that they are not present on this model . -RRB- 3 . They come only in black . -LRB- at least to my limited knowledge . -RRB- The insignia2 and walnut lines come in black , brown , red , blue.So ... depending on your tastes you may pick these or the black insignia2 series which come apart for easy cleaning and have multitool in the handle.I have used these scissors for trimming meat , vegetables , and flower stems . They also work great on tough beef jerky . The shears ' blades are forged on all the chicago cutlery shears lines.All in all , I like the Walnut Tradition and insignia2 models better for the reasons above .
 We have used a pair of cheap dollar store shears and complained every time especially my husband . He is just tickled that I bought these shears ! They work like a champ . Fit our hands nicely , very sharp , compact and I no longer have to listen to his complaints !! Highly recomend . Very reasonable price , very good quality.They do cut chicken , I have used them many times for chicken -LRB- especially good for cutting the tips off wings -RRB- with no problems.Great for trimming flower stems too . Have used to cut 1 inch plastic tubing , paper , cardboard , plastic sheeting , rope , string , dog hair , food products , fabric . I have put them through some pretty tough tests and they still work great , no problems at all .
 I do n't know how they will perform in the kitchen yet . They do n't separate for a real cleaning . But they are sharp ! What a difference from the cheap ones I had been using . I cut open a cardboard box with no effort . Trimmed my dog 's hair , and cut paper and other assorted things . And with ease . This might not ever make it the the kitchen . I will continue my search for a pair of Kitchen shears that come apart . But these I bought today , they are still a keeper
 These are great shears . I seem to go through scissors quickly and am always looking for shears that will last a bit . Have spent a little and a lot and still only have one or two shears I can depend on . Plus , I 'm a leftie , so that 's a consideration too.Got these recently . Not only are they good kitchen shears but they are good all purpose shears also . Great price . Pretty sturdy . Just ordered a second pair.Really appreciate simple , trusty tools .
 Nice design and balance ... sharp and functional . Price better than Walmart stores .
 I needed an kitchen scissors/shears to replace one lost . The item by Chicago Cutlery is great . It actually was better than the original so the loss was a gain .
 Easier to use that salt shaker or jar . Sturdy and easy to clean . I would reccommend this item for bath salts also
 The lunchbox we got is exactly as pictured and it is fierce ! My 5 yr old loves it ! She took it to school and said `` mommy everybody gave me compliments on how pretty my new lunchbox is ! '' It fits everything in there from a Capri Sun , to a plastic container the size that sandwiches are , and two snacks ! I am happy with my purchase and recommend .
 This lunch box is super cute , I have been looking for a Barbie lunch box for some time now . My daughter already has a bookbag and now she has a bright , vibrant , glittery lunch bag to match !
 If you do n't mind playing `` Grab Bag Barbie , '' this is a decent lunch tote at a good price . It arrived on time in good condition . Ours arrived as pictured at the time when we placed the order
 I purchased it as a gift and was surprised to see that it was made with such great quality . The wood has a beautiful finish . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I recently purchase this Easy Track deluxe tower along with two 72 '' towers , drawers , shelves , etc. . It was very easy to install and I got my 10 ' x 6 ' walk-in closet done in one day by myself -LRB- including ripping out my old closet , patching , painting , etc -RRB- . It would have been nice to have help , but I managed without my husband and while my preschooler was home . I do recommend having 2 drills so that you do n't have to switch between a drill bit and the screwdriver bit . I do n't know how great the value is a full price , but I found this on clearance at Fred Meyers for 70 % off retail price so this system was a steal ! My new closet is beautiful and everyone who has seen it loves it .
 I did not buy this system on Amazon . I bought it at OSH in California . Some people have shipping problems , and OSH received their inventory via UPS , with no issues.I installed this 8 foot starter kit , and added an additional 20 inches , as we have a very wide closet.The track sysyem is a pretty easy instal , when all is said and done . I recommend having the track along your entire wall -LRB- I had to cut mine , as OSH did not have 1 extra that we needed for the wide closet -RRB- . Hanging the vertical panels is easy - getting them perfectly level -LRB- up and down -RRB- is not . Simple using the bars and shelves do not make it perfect . We added several screws into shelves and side walls for support -LRB- as in the shelves in the center tower are fixed with screws . -RRB- We also screwed in the the top shelf above the entire system for additional support.That being said , the bars and shelves/drawers are great , and 100 % custom.I spent about 600 on all the components -LRB- cherry color -RRB- and it would cost 3-4K to have a `` custom closet '' company do the same thing . The cherry color is very nice , and not cheap looking at all . Really nice .
 This towel is super big , super soft and thirsty . It washes well and stays fluffy . The color matches other Waterford products .
 I bought the Garnet & Mahogany colors for a his and hers look . Towels are heavy and soft . Pattern is very nice . I just wish they came larger and that the ends did not shrink . I wash towels in extra hot water sometimes and that is probably why . Colors stayed true . Happy with purchase .
 I am sorry to say the gold color for this towel is more brown , not really gold . I wish it either real gold color , or darker brown , since this brown is not very pleasent color .
 I am slightly disappointed at the size of the bath towel . They do n't make it any bigger than this . The quality is really good . The towels gets softer with every wash . I really enjoy using it .
 I like this bag , and the thermos is cool and good quality . It is insulated and keeps my son 's lunch cool . I have no problem with leaks . And the kids love the design .
 I got a bottle for a gift and I LOVE it ! I loved the series as a kid and to have the bottle brings back all the good feelings I had way back then ! It is the ultimate Trivia item for anyone who loved Jennnie but I think even if you were n't into the series-it is a neat bottle to have period !!
 I bought this for christmas for a firefighter . He loved this and raved it was the best gift he ever recieved !!!!
 It works quite well . The nonstick surface works impressively , and the whole thing cleans up nicely . I have a couple pieces of the Cook & Strain line of WearEver and I will continue to buy more . I have yet to see a saute pan anywhere close to this quality for the price .
 In Julia Child 's book HOW TO COOK , this is a first cousin of the pan that she is using in the photographs and recommends in the text by Wearever brand name for making omelettes . I tried a Chantal but was grossly disappointed in its performance for omelettes . Incorrect radius for folding over the omelette and it sticks . Also hard to clean.My first attempt with this Wearever could not have been better . The curvature is correct and the pan is slick . Butter in the pan until bubbling , then two prescrambled eggs , a few shakes and the eggs and filling rolled up on themselves without the help of a fork .
 The sheets go with the comforter I got for my son 's bed . You get these sheets because it 's Spongebob -- not for the thread count . They are not very soft , but who cares . I 've washed them a few times and the color is still good , so that 's what counts . They are very cute and if your kid is a Spongebob fan , then you have to get these .
 I 've always hated that the character sheets are printed on sandpaper fabric . I always wash with lots of fabric softener to fight the scratchy fabric , but in the long run kids love sleeping on these sheets . My son loves sleeping Spongebob and the Krabby Patty dream bubbles on this design . He especially loves the 2 sided pillow with sleeping Spongebob & wide awake Spongebob . He likes to flip the pillow when he wakes up . I took off a star for the scratchy fabric , but it eventually softens up the more you use it . The 4 stars are for the joy the design brought to my son 's bedroom .
 Cute pattern , nice texture , and who does n't like SpongeBob?I 'm a massage therapy student and these twin-size sheets are my table sheets for class . They wash well and look great .
 I bought this sheet set for my son for his 6th birthday , and it was such a hit with him . He could n't wait to put them on his bed . There are several images of Spongebob sleeping and dreaming of crabby patties . I am very pleased with this set .
 I like too mucho the images of Bob , the only thing that dislikeme a little it 's not 100 % cotton
 This states `` PACK of 20 '' my husband ordered these . What arrived is a large box and ONE hook . I called Ozbo the company and they said Amazon posted it wrong . Ozbo said they would refund the 5 bucks and change to ship ONE hook ! Had I been in a store and a wrong price was posted , I would have gotten the item for the price listed ! So needing a pack of hooks and only getting ONE wo n't help . Guess I will buy hardware from now on at the actual store !!!
 these lights are set in the trees in my zen garden . they are soft and etherial and work fantastically . i have strung about 6 sets together and they float above my garden to give the feeling of moonlight . you just spray the leaves and form a wider flower and they are simply georgous!a great buy for evenings in the garden .
 I think that the rolling pin will do very well I was surprised by how heavy it was .
 The table is built solid , very heavy and looks great . However , one of the chair cushions arrived slightly dirty and it is difficult to separate both halves of the table in order to bring the extension leaf up and out . The chairs are also built well . There is some assembly required , but it mainly consists of screwing legs to the tables and chairs . Overall , a great product !
 I looked everywhere locally for a set this size , but all I found was junk . I bought this set hoping the previous buyer 's review was accurate , and it certainly was . The table is solid , heavy and beautiful . The chairs are precisely what I was looking for . Putting this set together was n't difficult , but learning how to operate the self-storing leaf took a little work . I would 've liked written instructions explaining it , but we eventually figured it out . There was a small problem with one table leg , but I received a replacement 2 days after I e-mailed customer service . This set was precisely what I 've been looking for , well-made , the right size , and nice looking . I 'm very pleased .
 I was looking for a small 5 piece set and went to Crawford , Ashley , Sears , and 4 other local stores and came up with two possibilities . The Crawford 5 piece was best at $ 1200 and the other 5 piece was not as nice at $ 1600 . Both more than I wanted to spend plus 6 weeks delivery . So I tried Amazon and noticed the 4 & 5 star ratings from dinette.com . Went to their web site and saw their 5 piece Colby set in light maple . It was just the size I was after and it looked great.I do n't like to buy over the internet and especially sight unseen but I took a chance and I 'm glad I did.This is not cheap junk , it 's an inexpensive quality 5 piece set . It is solid rubber wood from Malaysia and I mean solid . It 's very dense and heavy . I googled rubber wood and everything I read about it was positive.You can see from the underside of the table and chairs that 's it is heavy duty bracing . The table legs are attached with 2 screws each , not one . The eight screws attach quickly with the included allen wrench . When I flipped the table it was rock solid , it will not jiggle . Ditto for the chairs . It 's just a nice set and it looks just like the picture on their web site , the color was true.I do n't suspect you 'll be dissatisfied if you purchase this dinette set . It was clearly superior quality to what I was seeing in all the stores and the price is great . I ca n't speak for the other sets from dinette.com - like I said this is the 5 piece Colby in light maple but I imagine the other sets are just as good.It 's unusual to be pleasantly surprised buying blindly like this but I 'm extremely happy with this purchase.Phil
 This is a nice table which i find stirdy . Ive only had it a few months now with light use so i cant answer as to the wearabilty of it . I can say the wood they use to make it , rubber wood is a light color and the stain is dark , so scratches will stand out more , than on woods with darker tones . Assembly was easy and took about 2 h rs total just me doing it.shipping was good and item was packaged good also.Its a nice quailty table for the money . I paid about 700 total . Considering i looked at dinettes made of solid wood in the 3k price range this was a welcomed alternative.Update-11 / 27/09i use this table with a cloth and clear vinyl table cloth over it so i cant speak for the wearability of the top.I do notice the backs of the chairs have areas where the stain melts or bleeds . Ive noticed where the butt cushion rests on the back is where the stain bleeds/or melts in a 1 to 2 inch spot . Seems to happen in the summer with higher heat and humidity but even after its cool the spots that bleed whow lighter color stain and you can tell there that it happened.For this reason ive droped my rating down to 3 stars from 4 . thanks
 This set is very well built and it is strong . It is a very nice cherry color . The only thing is that I have already put a ding in it , so I have to say that the table top scratches easily . It is not cheap looking or feeling . I am happy with my purchase .
 With a new grandson , I decided to purchase the collection of Hallmark pedal cars for our tree . Amazon that possible and easy to do . It arrived in the original box and brand new . It also was packaged for a safe delivery to my home . Very cute little Dump Truck from 1997 !
 When my wife and I got married , we decided to do a square theme for our casual china and got square plates , glasses , and wine glasses . These wine glasses are quite stylish and look very good . The only problem with them is that if you 're a real wine connoisseur it is a bit tricky to swirl your wine glass properly when it 's square . With some practice I 've gotten fairly decent at it , but it does n't swirl as well as if it was round .
 I bought these as replacements , current and future , for broken ones in my kitchen . Granite countertops are very unforgiving . I love the unconventional shape and it makes me happy to use them every day .
 I heartily recommend this unit . I live in a condo in Southern California that is older and does n't have A/C . The past two months California experienced a record breaking heat wave . The temp in our beach city reached a blistering 108 with a humidity level to match . It varied between 78-98 % . The heat was so bad you 'd feel like you were breathing water when you walked outside . I put this unit in my bedroom . Guess where my animals and I spent all of our time while at home ? I do n't have to watch any water levels , I turn it up as high -LRB- cool -RRB- as it will go and run the unit 24/7 . I totally recommend this unit for a room unit . No , it does n't have enough BTU 's to cool say , a living room , but a room the size of my bedroom -LRB- 15.6 x 11.6 -RRB- ? It works wonderfully ! Buy one and you 'll stay cool in whatever room you choose to place this unit as long as the room size fits with the specs . **** 07/21/2009 **** Had to add a note
 Good for places where you ca n't use a regular window A/c . I use this in a room with a Bay window with crank windows ... inserted a plexiglass pane cut to fit , with an area cut out for the hoses , then added the hoses and there you go ! I have an A/C for this hard to fit room . It does not cool as fast as some units , but provides a steady stream of cool air , exhausting the moist air to the outsite via one of the two duct hoses .
 Works great . Did n't run up my electric bill . Affordable . Easy to install . About as loud as a refrigerator when the motor kicks on . Looks nice . Can still open and close the window it 's in and does n't obstruct the view.I definitely would buy another one .
 If by chance you live in a house that was built in the stone age as I do , in hot summers lack of central air is a pain.But , hark ! what is that I see ! a portable air conditioner ! hoora!Theatrics , aside , this has been very heapfull , because my windows are swing rather than sliding , so that meant no window air-con , so this thing is great as the hot air can exet a sliding door.It doese ` nt make the house a meat-locker , but it is comefertable in here now .
 This AC does what it says it does and does n't produce excess water . Great device for device for those extra hot summers and handy when you 're A/C blows a fuse . Keeps a large room very cool .
 I bought this hoping it would be industrial strength and it is more . This is an excellent mat for the money . When I unpacked the mat it was curled on the ends but after it laid out on the floor it was flat as a pancake in 10 minutes . Great insulating properties as well . I have it in a workshop in the basement and the concrete is cold . With this I can work in my socks and my feet are warm as well as no stress or sore spots on my heels.Excellent mat , I would highly recommend .
 I really love the Savannah Twin Comforters I bought for my two boys . They are very nice quality , and really add a lot of interest to an overall boring room . They boys love them too.The sheet sets are cute , but the material in thin and scratchy . I would recommend buying a solid color in a higher quality and skip the sheets .
 Very , very cute item ! My twin 3-year-olds loved identifying the animals in the comforter and curling up with them ! Not very thick and the fabric is a bit stiff , but still a good value for the price.I ordered two and only one was shipped , though , the other was backordered . Strange !
 This is such a perfect blanket for my little boy 's room ! It is oh-so-colorful , and the watercolor images are so vibrant . So whimsical , and the variety of animals lead us to imaginative stories at bedtime -- to send my 7 yr old on safaris through Africa in his dreams . The material is n't the softest , but the graphics and style of the comforter more than make up for that .
 This is a hefty & heavy rolling pin and makes short work of pie dough & cookie dough . I bought it because I have only lightweight , kind of rinky-dink rolling pins and this one looked very professional and indestructible . Here 's hoping it lasts for many years .
 My closet is beautiful and organized . I put the large Easy Track closet organizer on each 8 ` wall with 2 drawers and shelves . The whole thing rests on a horizontal metal strip so you do have to be careful not to overload it . I found this out the hard way , but I had seriously overloaded . With just all of my clothes , shoes , purses , etc. it is fine , but I had stacked some books and photo frames on a shelf and the whole side pulled out of the wall . It was easy to fix and I added legs on the center section just to be sure . Since then , no problems !
 This is the easiest closet system I ever installed . Simply put up the hanger bar and all the other items are assembled and placed on the bar . The hanger bar is separate from all the other pieces and can be installed directly on wall studs and/or drywall anchors . Very easy to level and align since you are only working with a single piece of steel with many available alignment holes . Once the bar is up , all the closet pieces simply hang on the bar . They can be shifted left or right , moved from one side to another , combined with other pieces , and can be rearranged AFTER they are assembled for complete flexibility . The hanger bar is very sturdy and you can combine bars for a longer closet .
 Very useful and easy to adapt with a simple saw .
 It is so easy to clean and wo n't break or get dented if dropped . Also you can attach it to the backpack with its easy snap lock .
 This is the 3rd retractable clothesline i have had . Although it says it is a different brand it looks exactly like the other two -LRB- each lasted 5 years or longer -RRB- I have had , except that more of the pieces are now made of plastic rather than metal . This worries me since plastic tends to wear out much sooner . Very useful product !
 Bought one over 10 years ago ; it 's moved on to our 3rd house now . Am now on a second unit as one of the lines broke off on the inside of the unit , and it 's now unbalanced . I have hung hundreds of loads on it over the years
 This retractable clothes line does what it 's supposed to do . I 've had no problems to this point . I do wish that the product description would have included information about the bracket for the distant end of the clothesline . It is made to be mounted on a horizontal surface yet the description displayed at Amazon says it can be mounted on a wall . As it turns out , if you want to mount it on a vertical surface -LRB- such as a wall -RRB- then you will have to figure that out on your own . The instructions say as much . It probably would not have affected my buying decision but I do feel this is pertinent info that should have been disclosed .
 this product is everything they claim , sturdy , easy to use and the fact that it is made to easly be put up and take down means that you can store it inside when not in use which will make it last a long time
 I purchased two of the items . I installed them for a sister-in-law in Mexico . I have not had a chance to see how they work but they seem to be ok and the new owners seemed to pleased with them .
 I love how I can put this away for the winter and have it out for warm weather . It really comes in handy for bulky items . Like sheets , bedspreads , and things that are not to be put in the dryer
 I 've been using this for about two years now and this thing works pretty good . It 's expensive and I would not call it `` heavy duty '' but it get the job done .
 excellant product for the job it was to do , would recommend to everyone , we use it outdoors , probably could be used indoors also
 Love my new solar drier , aka , clothes line . Only thing I wish is that connectors were made of metal instead of plastic . Worried about weight on the lines , and if the plastic holders will break .
 Product arrived when it was supposed to plus was exactly what I wanted . . Fit on the same bracket as the original one . I was very very pleased with the product . Amazon was easy to order through and lived up to their word on delivery date . I would order again .
 We had been hanging some clothes and laundry on a rope stretched across a former carriage house . It sagged and was ugly . This dryer is perfect
 Besides drying your clothes in a quarter of the time it takes an electric dryer , you do n't have to iron anymore , and your clothes smell great off the line . I ca n't believe I 've waited so long to dry clothes the way mom did -- outside , on the clothesline . This Whitney Designs unit works pretty well , though it does n't seem very durable to me . The plastic parts look cheesy , and like they wo n't last long . I 've only had the unit for one weekend , so it remains to be seen how long it will last . There is a one-year warranty , however.I 'd give this a `` Buy '' rating . $ 40.00 seems about right , though I paid $ 45.00 at Menards in Madison , WI.Retractable Clothesline
 Easy to install , easy to use ! I can hang laundry for a family of 5 no problem ! Holds several pairs of jeans along with all the other laundry .
 I have had a couple of retractable clothes lines in the past but this was was much more than I expected . It definitely looks like I should have paid double of what I paid . The quality is great & it looks great . The five lines are very handy and it was very easy to install .
 I bought this to install on my deck , which is partially covered with a roof . The instructions & some of the reviews say the clothesline part has to be perfectly level with the receiver unit . I did n't put it up this way , the beam I have the receiver unit hooked to is quite a bit higher than the clothesline part - and it works just fine . I could not remove the plastic boxes at the end of the line bar to adjust it , they are really wrenched on & I could not pry them off even with a screwdriver . I got the lines tight enough with hooks & eyes in the meantime , until I can get some brute to come over and pry the boxes off so I can adjust the lines properly . They are n't tightrope tight , but the sheets are off the ground & the whole thing works just fine . I was careful not to overtighten after reading that the plastic parts are prone to breaking & the dial that adjust how the lines lock will break -LRB- rendering the whole thing useless -RRB- if you are n't careful . After finally putting the unit up -LRB- it took longer than I thought it would -RRB- as soon as I was hanging the laundry it started to rain . I was glad I ran 1/3 of the line under the deck roof . Was able to move all the laundry over to the covered part and it dried just fine.I am happy enough with it so far , but if/when it breaks I doubt I would go to the trouble of buying & putting up another one . I really could have done the same thing with rope and hooks , for a lot cheaper.A thought on what to do if the locking mechanism breaks - if you could just shorten all the lines so it will only go as far as the receiving arm for the handle - you wo n't need it to lock tight . The laundry ca n't wind up on the ground if the lines are at the very end of the length when you attach it to the receiving unit .
 Easy to assemble . Had to fiddle a little bit to get the lines on even tension . Very convenient and easy to use . The lines themselves seem a bit too `` stretchy '' , but can be easily re-tightened . LOTS of hanging space !
 This is my second clothesline of this make and model and really appreciate that it is identical to the first -LRB- lasted about 20 years ! -RRB- , which made the installation a snap . However , the individual lines were so uneven that I had to redo all the lines so they were the same tautness before I could use it . Think it should have come from the factory with the lines all even and ready to use !
 I bought this so we could dry clothes in the sun as both my wife & I wanted to take advantage of Calif solar power ! I was really looking for something that would be inconspicous and this fits the bill very nicely . The retractibility is great . We only utilize about 25 ' of the line because of our backyard layout . I would be surprised if we would have been able to utilize the full length because it already sags quite a bit when just using 20-25 feet and hanging a few towels or light cotton rugs . I have also found it frustrating that all 5 lines do n't retract with the same tension , so every time i retract it , I need to be very careful that a line does n't `` hop over '' and get bundled up with an adjacent line . It would be nice if the plastic tabs dividing each clothesline did n't have such a large a gap from the top of the outer enclosure .
 This is the second one of these I have purchased . Retired the first one when I could n't get the plastic line clean anymore . After 15 years of drying , it was easier to replace the whole unit rather than the clothes line . Works great , stores into it 's own case but does become black and moldy with our weather . It took years for that to happen . I like being able to put it away when not in use . Good energy saver for sure.Grand daughter likes hanging things out too .
 Thank you Amazon for your great website . My mom needed this retractable clothesline to replace her old one that was over 20 years old and you had the exact one she needed . It was received promptly and fit on the existing hardware so it was easy to replace . We are very happy with the product and with our Amazon experience .
 Bought this to replace and older , cheaper one . Quite robust , metal housing should last quite awhile in the Southwest sun .
 This product is exactly what we needed to do our family laundry . We can do 3 loads of clothes laundry and still have room to hang more laundry on the line . Installation was very easy and adjusting the length of the line was easy with the included instructions .
 I loved this clothesline . It was kind of a pain to set up initially , but to be able to hid it away is great . Unfortunately , you can not buy replacement parts , as I found out when a curious bear broke the tension knob and now the unit is useless . I have n't had it a year , and it 's going to the dump . There is no way to keep tension on the lines once that knob goes . -LRB- Even duct tape has it 's limits ! -RRB-
 I am very pleased with this retractable clothesline . To those who said it broke , it is n't supposed to be tightrope tight . Just be sensible with it . Turn the tightening wheel reasonably snug , and then lock it . I have put heavy sheets , and many articles of wet clothing on this , and it works ! I mostly enjoy the money savings from not using the dryer . I have been using this about twice a week , and it works very well . Would I want all metal construction ? Yes , but you ca n't get that today . This works fine .
 I purchased one of these clotheslines when we built our house in 1979 and it has lasted until this year when one of the plastic brackets on the back of it broke off . So , I looked for the same clothesline and I hope this is it ! Well worth the money for all the use it has gotten over the years !
 Item appears to be well constructed and durable ... Time will tell but I 'm pleased so far and the installation was quick and easy . Would definitely recommend for the price .
 Great purchase . If you want a clothesline either outside or inside that is retractable and takes up little space this is the answer . YOu will save beaucoup on your energy costs too ! Well worth the investment !
 This was a hard to find product - not many people still hang out laundry . My old one gave out and I knew I wanted to replace it with they same type of clothes line - - this one stores away when not in use and so does n't take up space across your yard and create a hazard for someone to walk into .
 Easy to install and use , and seems very sturdy.We have been using it for about 1 month and have hung lots of heavy wet items on it and it holds up well.We love how it retracts and hides away well when not in use.Also happy about saving money on the electric bill
 I have had my retractable clothesline for at least 15 years and it is still working . The paint is still in decent condition after being outside in the sun for all these years . Even though mine is still working fine , I did a search to see if these were still made so I can replace it when that day comes . Was happy to find out they are . Do n't need another one yet but will certainly buy another when I need to .
 I purchased the Whitney Design indoor/outdoor retractable clothes line , have been using it for over 2 months and I 'm very happy about the quality and ease of use . The clothes line is very sturdy , and the line extends and retracts easily . It replaced 2 wooden standing clothes drying racks . I use it indoors and it easily holds a large load of laundry , I make sure that the windows and doors are open so the air can circulate to dry the clothes faster . I might look into getting the attachment to allow you to put it on outdoor posts so that I can get better use of it during the summer .
 This is awesome , works great ... hung it in my shop and can hang 4 to 5 loads at one time .
 The product does not have a real negative , but a caveat . It is difficult to find a drill bit that is the same size as the included screws . Keeping in mind that these are normally installed into either cement or dry wall , I recommend that you take the wall attachments to Lowes or Home Depot and see about matching up wall anchors to your drill bits . We are very happy with the product and encourage green drying to anyone where practical .
 We absolutely love this clothesline and the post that is purchased separately . I recently had to replace our old one because the mounting bracket broke after at least 15 years of hard use . We used our first one outdoors which was perfect because we had a very small backyard , and it disappeared when not in use . But after realizing that hanging laundry outside was not helping our allergies , my handy husband set it up in our basement . We have had one in our basement laundry area ever since . I hang most of our laundry on this every week , and almost everything dries overnight . I ca n't imagine being without this eco-friendly , money saving setup !
 We have owned one of these before and find them pretty reliable and easy to install . The new one fit the old mounting brackets with no difficulty
 This product is exactly what we were looking for . It can be retracted for safety when not in use . The single -LRB- centered -RRB- latch on the opposite end makes it a little unstable , but by balancing the load it is okay . I would have preferred two latches . The unit is very easy to mount but for some reason the supplied lag screws are metric.I opted to make my own posts from treated 4X4 's so we can hang plants . I mounted a dinner bell on the end of one post.I recommend this product .
 I had owned one of these -LRB- or something very similar down to the paint color -RRB- years ago . The unit was exactly as I remembered it except for a few minor changes to the controls , and my memory of what they used to be like may be faulty . At any rate , the installation hardware is identical . Use of the unit is intuitive I believe . It holds line tension without any problem . I do n't think you 'd hang all your rugs out at one time , but it supports even a good load of wet clothes with little problem , including towels . I try to spread the heavier items around on the different lines but no issues so far . The rewind is n't a problem . In general I got exactly what I expected and I 'm happy with it .
 I love my new retractable clothesline . I am saving money and also the environment . I wasnt able to cement the pole into the ground but used other means to secure it and it works great . I am very happy with the timely delivery and ease of set up . Also love that I can put the clothesline away and take it down just by taking it off the bolts and carry it away .
 Our new home did not have that much space for a clothes line like our other home had and this Retractable Clothes line is working out wonderful . It has FIVE lines that pull out and when your done it snaps back into place , it is so slim you do n't even notice it on the wall , it 's nice to have fresh clothes and sheets from hanging outside and also saving money from not using the dryer .
 I bought this to replace a five line retractible clothes dryer with a Sears tag on it . This is the first one I found . It is almost exactly the same in dimensions . This one has plastic rather than metal parts . The new one is much easier to set up and use . It is just what I wanted .
 This is an excellent product if you do n't want to have a clothesline as an eyesore or obstruction in your yard . Installation requires some planning and prep work . In the end I secured the receiving plate onto our house and the unit mounted on a piece of a 2 '' x 4 '' that is secured to a tree about 25 feet from the house . Each of the two mounting spots require the use of lag bolts to provide enough strength to support the unit when in use . Adjusting the tension in the individual lines is a process too since you have to take part of the unit apart . Once you have it fine tuned it works great . It has helped to cut down on our dryer use and seems very sturdy .
 We needed an outdoor clothesline for us in summer , but not one that would be in the way all year long . This is the perfect solution . We have owned one of these before and it lasted forever , so we chose the same model . Well constructed and holds a lot of wet clothes , even in windy conditions . The only downside on this one was that the tension on the different lines was not correct and it sometimes does not want to wind back in like it should . It does if you are patient and work at it though so overall I would recommend it for anyone needing a `` portable '' solution . Make sure the unit is mounted securely however , especially if you have any wind to deal with .
 We 've had this clothesline for three summers now and it 's still working great . I try my best to give the dryer a rest when it 's nice out but with a family of five you need a lot of line . I 'm able to hang up two or three loads of laundry at one time . With a good clothespin bag to move along as you hang , you can get the clothes out fast . If you 're serious about line drying then you need this .
 Having had two retractable clotheslines before , I looked for one on the internet . I knew I could n't replace it where I bought the last two . My first one wore out . I was unhappy when icicles fron the roof of my two story house fell on my retractable clothes line . The icicles were so big that they broke the housing of my clothes line . I knew I wanted a new one just like I had previously . I was very happy to find it . I am 74 years old and have used these lines for probably 35 or 40 years . The second one was about 10 years old .
 This is my second Whitney Retractable Clothes line . My first -- the lock switch broke after 7 + years of regular use . And I was so happy to find a replacement on line . They are selling the ugliest/worst clothes lines at Home Depot/Lowes -- This line keeps your yard attractive and you still get to be green ! Or just love the way your clothes smell and feel after hanging outside . There are some design improvements from my last one -- I think it will it last longer . But I 'm not complaining about 7 + years .
 I live in Arizona where it is silly to have an electric or gas clothes line . Instead , I go solar . I have used 5 line clotheslines like this one for a dozen years at two different houses . The current line is over 7 years old and is just now in need of major repairs . It has lived its life battling the hot sun on a west facing wall . The only place we have to hang our laundry is across our patio -- not a very attractive choice for parties . When not in use , it hangs unobtrusively on the wall . On wash day , I pull it out across the patio -LRB- which is shorter than the line 's full length . -RRB- I can hang several loads of jeans , assorted clothes , and my really thick bedspread and it supports the weight . I highly recommend this clothesline .
 much more robust than typical plastic retractable lines . Have it hung in s small screen porch , holds 75 feet of clothes where I could only hang 15 feet worth before . Would buy again
 We installed this line in our basement , and it works great . Fairly easy to install . We had a bit of a complication finding a stud , but other than that it was not a big problem . We also set up a post for this unit outside so it is easy to move it around . -LRB- You will need an extra set of bolts which we purchased at our hardware store . We have yet to use it outside since it has been winter , but it nice to know we have options . -RRB- It holds a ton of clothes , and with our family size of 5 , we fill it up . I like that you can tighten the clothesline to stop it drooping . Overall a good purchase - just wish it came with someone to fold and put away all those clothes !
 I have used one of these clotheslines for 11 years , and am about to purchase another for a second home . I have found it to be sturdy , and well worth the money . The line is the standard-sized vinyl-covered clothesline , not the flimsy `` portable '' or travel-style line . Although the line no longer tightens with the one-hand knob , I can use both knobs together and tighten it just fine . Aside from this , the only problem I have ever had is that one of the lines broke from chafing against the aluminum bar housing -- that was easily repaired by shortening each of the lines a little and re-tying the knots . Except for hanging it and installing the hook at the opposite end of your drying yard , this comes assembled and ready to use . Highly recommended -- it will last a long time if you do n't abuse it .
 Ordered reasonably priced product from this business and was pleasantly surprised with quick emails stating product had shipped early , Arrived packaged well and in excellent condition . I will most likely partonize this business again .
 This is the gretaest washing line in the world !!!! I grew up in England , where we all hung out wash , come rain or shine , mostly rain , and the washing lines were pretty primitive compared to this state-of-the art version . I bought this for my daughter , as I have had one for many years and it is just as good as the day I bought it .
 We have had this unit for over a year now and it works great . We typically have at least 10 loads of laundry each week . Every load goes on the clothes line . Here in Texas electricity is very expensive . We 're paying over 12 cents/kWh and at times it jumps as high as 20 cents . So running the electric dryer is not very cost effective . The first month we used this unit , we saw our electric bill drop by nearly $ 100 . It paid for itself in less than a month . We have it mounted on our patio so it is very convenient to use . Our house is made of brick so I just used special anchors to mount it . Even with as much use as we give it , it has not had any problems . We are very happy with it .
 I have used these products for years . I purchased this to replace one damaged when a tree in my yard fell and crushed it . This was a perfect replacement for the one I lost . Ease of use and installation were excellent . Just love saving energy using it !
 After using my retractable clothes line for a few months , I 'm pleased to report it was an excellent investment . My sheets dry so much faster than on the racks I used previously . Everything smells so great when hung out in the fresh air and sunshine .
 This is heavier and more substantial than the previous under $ 20 retractable clothes dryer I had . Hoping it means it will last longer , too . The lines seem strong and I like how they 're spaced apart . My only challenge was figuring out how to hang it . It comes with lag screws/lag bolts and requires a particular-size wrench/socket wrench . It did n't match any tool I had - must be metric . I had to hire a handyman to help install .
 I purchased this last June and after nailing a 2x4 backer on the inside of my shed , use the included lag bolts to attach it there . I sunk the sleeve that the 3 piece end pole sits in concrete and could n't be more satisfied . Much easier and larger than an umbrella style clothesline.From time to time you have to tighten up the slack as one of the 5 lines may go loose , but its quick and effective.I take it down whenever we do n't want it taking up space in the backyard and stored it in the shed over the winter.We 've been using it since the weather broke back in may and its still a great purchase .
 We have used ours year round in Georgia for six years now and it seems to be in the same shape as day one . I was just admiring that fact as I was bringing in the laundry yesterday and thought it appropriate to post a quick review . We attach ours to the deck and put away every time so that neighbors are n't bothered by it being up year round . It faces south , which means faster drying at the expense of crunchier towels , but it keeps ticking . It pays for itself so quickly and it 's so nice doing the laundry in the fresh air - we will never go back !
 sturdy and easy to set up - this clothesline is really great - i love how it retracts neatly . well worth the money - all the other retractables were single line and sagged and broke after a while . this one has five lines -LRB- ! -RRB- , is well designed & well made PLUS it can take sheets , towels and small throw rugs with no problem.i am happy to be hanging out clothes in the sunshine once again . the best i have ever used .
 I had been using an umbrella style clothesline but a strong gust of wind blew it over and broke it 's pole . This clothesline should not have that problem . The pole -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- is steel not aluminum and the shape is stronger against the wind . The lines themselves are stretchy but that was true of my old one too . I have been using it about a month and it seems to work fine . Make sure you find the bracket that attaches to the pole in the packing materials for the clothesline so that you can connect them .
 Good product . I installed it in about 15 minutes . Had to adjust tension on three lines but it was a piece of cake . My wife loves the lines . Highly recommend you purchase the pole with it .
 This clothes dryer is both practaical and durable . I was pleased that we found it . It is mounted out by the pool and being retractable it is never in the way . What pleased us was that we found the direct replacement after 30 years of use with the old one so installation was simple . We recomend it for anyone , both inside and out .
 This clothes line is working great for me . The receiving handle had to be bent to allow the handle of the clothes line to fit into it , but other than that it is perfect !
 I am very pleased with my retractable clothes line ; it was easy to install and is easy to use . I have only had it a short time ; can not state the durabilty of the device . The only problem I can see is that the lines sag a little too much when wet clothes are hung on them , but not enough to cause the clothes to drag on the ground .
 This product is awesome and was exactly what I was looking for . My parents had one in our garage when I was growing up and recently I was trying to find one in our area but no one carried it . It is easy to use and easy to set up . It has 5 lines and is adjustable . No problems so far !
 Excellent for hot weather . Easy to handle and ecofriendly . Holds a ton of weight . Very happy with it ! Save on electricity bills .
 We replaced an earlier version of this clothesline and really like the new model . The lock/release knob makes it easy to use/store the lines . Our location is in the back yard right outside our back garage , so it 's important for us to be able to retract the lines when not using . This works great . The lines are sturdy and hold even heavy items like rugs and blankets .
 We purchased this mattress about a month ago and have been very happy with it . The transaction went very smoothly with Sleep Shop and we received the mattress within a few days of ordering it -LRB- I appreciated being able to track shipment via FEDEX -RRB- . The smell was pretty strong when we first opened it , but dissapated after a few days and was n't bad enough to keep us from sleeping on it after it had aired out for about 36 hours . My husband thinks the mattress is fantastic and I think it 's fine , but not spectacular . We both have back problems and have both noticed some improvement since we got the new mattress . I get hot easily when I sleep , so I was concerned about the mattress being uncomfortably warm but I actually find it more comfortable in that respect than our old traditional mattress . I do n't think that it is really much different from the Tempurpedic , and could n't justify spending 7 times as much for the `` real thing . '' I would recommend it to anyone who wants to switch to memory foam , but ca n't handle the cost of the Tempurpedic .
 This is my first bed after a sealy king pillowtop . I LOVE it . I have never slept like this before . The chemical smell is still mildly present , after a month . That aside , the bed is great .
 I placed the order for this bed and promptly received an email with the Fedex tracking number the next day . The mattress was delivered rolled up and vacuum-packed . Once I removed the plastic packaging , the mattress returned to it 's original shape and size within minutes . It does have a paint-like smell . It has been almost a week and the smell is almost gone . It may have helped that I sprayed it with febreeze several times and left a fan in the room to help air it out . As for comfort , this bed is comparable to the celebrity bed by Tempur-pedic , which I have tested out in a store . I highly recommend this bed and this seller .
 So , it 's not a $ 2500 brand name mattress . However , I could not feel any difference , having tried the expensive brand name in a store . The Queen Pillowtop mattress was delivered yesterday with the packaging in good order . I unpacked it -LRB- nice mattress cover fitted , btw -RRB- and there was a very slight latex smell which dissipated almost immediately and after a couple of hours , the mattress was `` inflated '' to full size , along with the two queen pillows I ordered , so I put on the mattress pad and a set of sheets and enjoyed a great night 's sleep ! No 2am wakeups -LRB- which happened regularly -RRB- and I woke up at 5:00 am feeling rested with no back-ache -LRB- which happened regularly.This mattress works for me , at least based on one night - time will tell , but so far I like it a lot . And for the price , you ca n't beat it.Update
 Pros
 My husband and I absolutely love this bed . We were a little worried after reading some reviews , but tried it anyway.It did have a slight latex odor the first couple of nights , but we were able to sleep on it the first night without any problems.We also woke up a couple of times the first few nights sweating , but that is better now . I have had 3 back surgeries and withOur old pillow top , would wake up stiff and painful . Now I am much less stiff and feel more rested . I also do n't toss and turnLike I used to .
 Bought 2 , one for our Vacation Rental in Hawaii and for our Residence . The most comfortable bed I have ever slept on .
 Fortunately I read some other reviews before purchasing this bed saying they did n't like it for the first few nights sleeping on it . My girlfriend and I did n't sleep well at all for the first few nights . I even emailed Tony -LRB- the guy who runs DynastyMattress -RRB- about what to do . He never got back to me , but that 's fine since we love the bed now !!! I have had a bad back for years and was in physical therapy until I finally ordered this new bed . Once we got used to it , we 've been sleeping great and my back pain is gone most days ! Best decision I 've ever made in that regard . I highly recommend getting this bed . It IS comparable to Temperpedic brand.PS My cats are addicted to this bed too ! I think their favorite part is that we do n't disturb them -LRB- or each other -RRB- at all when we are getting comfortable .
 At the time I 'm writing this I have owned and slept on this bed for 4 months.I tried several Tempurpedic mattresses in the store , and had slept previously on a couple different memory foam beds , so I knew this is what I wanted . I could just not bring myself to spend thousands of dollars on a mattress . I am very glad I did n't . At first I was very skeptical of this deal , but after owning it I can honestly say that while it looks too good to be true , it is not ! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is considering Tempurpedic.To those who have not tried this type of bed , be warned , the mattress is much firmer than what I was used to . I quickly grew accustomed to the new feel however , and the back issues I once had are now completely gone . Much less tossing and turning , and when I do move my wife is n't jostled around like she used to be on our old spring mattress.Some have noted a chemical smell when the mattress is first unpackaged . We noticed this as well , and my wife found it quite irritating . The smell is gone now , but if you think this is something you might be sensitive to I would recommend ordering in the spring/summer so you can ventilate the room better . It took almost 2 months before the smell was no longer detectable .
 After trying all of the Tempurpedic beds out there , we decided that we needed to have one . I started researching and found that you can get the same mattress for a third of the price ! Found this one , here on Amazon , and COULD NOT BE HAPPIER!It unrolled and plumped up in an hour , and was ready to sleep on that night . The new foam smell that everyone talks about is not that bad . We could notice it , but only when you stick your face in the mattress . Most people use a pillow anyway , and would not smell it!Dynasty Mattress was the dealer , and there was one small glitch with the shipping . Having talked to the CSR Tony , he is fixing it already ! Same day of the shipping , and he was already taking care of my problem ! Wonderful!I have had insomnia since 1997 . I spent a week at a friends house , on a king sized real tempurpedic mattress , and snored for the first time ! I could n't believe the sleep that I was getting . That 's when I knew I needed one , but could n't afford the name brand . Already after my first night , I am extremely happy with my purchase . I slept for over five hours last night , and I normally do n't get five hours in a whole week .
 I ordered the mattress and received the mattress 5 business days later with no problems . The mattress comes rolled up and was easy to unpack . It did have a smell to it but not really that bad . I sprayed the mattress with Fabreez and let it sit in the other room with the fan on for a day and a half and by then the odor wasnt that bad and I was sleeping on it that night . I was very pleasantly surprised with the comfort of the mattress and I have been sleeping better during the night than I have before . I used to wake up in the middle of the night because my shoulders were sore from sleeping on my side and then when I got up in the morning my shoulders were sore , not any more . I would highly recommend this mattress from this company as the product is great and the price cant be beat .
 I purchased the Queen Celebrity 12 inch pillow top memory foam mattress from Dynasty Mattress . The service was excellence . Tony has responded well to the issues , shipment delay , damaged package . I have not used the mattress due to moving . However , I would like to put in review for the outstanding service from this seller .
 I checked the other links here at Amazon for better prices and find out when you are there that the price jumps , from $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a memory foam matteress!The scam is if you want a -LRB- Queen matteress -RRB- add another $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ! Then ADD TAX !! Free shipping?In the end you would have spent around $ 900.00 or so.And thats just the standard memory foam matteress!I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Total , For a Queen Celebrity 12inch PILLOW TOP memory foam matteress.This is our first foam matterss , It 's a gift for my wife and she loves it because she has a slipped disc in her back and was told this is what 's needed for better rest ect.Hey NO TAX and FREE SHIPPING!EXCELLENT Buy!Best online Purchase!Although there was a delay on my order I was giving -LRB- two -RRB- 6 . lbs.Queen size memory foam pillows for the delay!And we just love them thanks Tony.I purchased two 3 . lbs.contured foam memory pillows prior to the two free ones Tony gave us and there is no comparison!The ones from DYNASTYMATTRESS are huge and heavy , We love them much better than the little 3 . lbs ones duh!Anyone looking for thier next matteress , Then I Recommend Buying through DYNASTYMATTRESS.Well worth the wait , and worth every penny!Thank you -LRB- Tony -RRB- DynastyMattress.My best Regards , Sincerly Michael.J .
 I was a little dubious about this item . Some of the reviews indicated that it did not really have deep pockets . Well , I can tell you that it does . My mattress is a pillow-top measuring in at 16 inches and this mattress pad accomodates it perfectly . So , do not believe the nay-sayers ; for the price this is a bargain which should not be passed up !
 I ordered this mattress pad for my daughter 's bed . When I opened it , I was very pleased . It is very soft ! I 've looked around at different stores comparing prices and this was the best price for this quality mattress pad .
 I was very pleased with the purchase of my two twin mattress pads . They are even softer once washed and dryed . I am going to purchase these for the other beds in my household . You wo n't be sorry if you purchase this mattress pad .
 I think this is a very nice mattress pad and will definitely last the test of time . Watch though ... it only fits up to 15 '' mattresses , unlike the 17 '' stated in the description . It even says 15 '' on the packaging . The sides are great and super stretchy , and it really stays put . I had cheap ones before that would pop off all the time and did n't hold up in the wash . I think this is a great mattress pad at a really excellent price .
 I have been using the pad for about 4 months already without any complaints so far . I would recommend the product to anyone looking for a high quality and a good price .
 This is a very high quality pad , super smooth quilted top , perfect fit . The stretchy sides will fit a deep mattress , but is easy to put on . I am very pleased with the excellent workmanship and the price is exceptional . I would definitely buy this product again .
 I had just purchased a baffled box feather bed which I loved , but I could feel the feathers poking my legs when I layed on it . This Pad was the perfect solution , it was just thick enough to keep the feathers from bothering me , but not so thick that I could n't feel the softness of the feather bed . I think it was a steal for the price . The pad also fit over my bed with the feather bed on top with out any difficulty .
 Very pleased to get this item - I need it for my `` king-size '' watrbed mattress , which has California King dimensions . Unable to find this size locally . This one fitted really well , had enough depth to stretch around the waterbed mattress . Quality seems good .
 The Serta mattress pad is a good one fits the mattress with no problem & you can wash & dry it & it holds its shape
 When I unpacked it , it was super fluffy and soft . I was a little afraid the synthetic bottom part would make ruffling sounds when I moved , but it 's silent . It really makes any mattress more comfortable and I really look forward to jumping into bed.One caveat though
 Nice and thick . Very comfortable . The 100 lb yellow Lab that sleeps next to me likes it too :--RRB- . And it looks like it should last a long time .
 I wasnt expecting this mattress pad to be so comfortable , but it has improved the feel of my old mattress quite a bit . Its also very well fitting and has taken washings very well .
 It fits my mattress and adds some extra fluffiness . Just what I wanted .
 No , this mattress pad will not revolutionize one 's sleeping experience but it is comfortable , fits snugly on the mattress , and is quite reasonably priced .
 This adds an extra layer to the mattress . The rubber around the pad keeps it stable on the mattress and makes it less slippery -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- . I bought FULL size for the 10 '' thick mattress and the pad fits just right . I can say I am satisfied with the purchase .
 I purchased this mattress pad for a sweet , old woman for whom I clean . I change her bed linens every time I 'm there and her mattress pad was so thin . She noticed the difference immediately , the soft padding offering far more comfort . An excellent item and an incredible price .
 I am using this pad on a aerobed , so this wont be a good review for a person using it on a full sized mattress -LRB- I do n't know if it will fit , it looks like it will but I have n't tried it -RRB- . However , I can tell you that this is a durable mattress pad . It went camping with us without a problem . And it washes easily . those are important factors to consider !
 I ordered two mattress Pads and they were shipped right away and got them in one week . Very fast and prompt . Very happy with items .
 this mattress pad is great -- it fits well and does n't shift due to the stretchy sides that fit the mattress similar to a fitted sheet -LRB- not just straps on the corners like most cheap pads -RRB- . it 's pretty squishy , and adds an additional layer of cushion for your mattress . also , the material feels nice . i had just moved in to my new apartment and fell asleep on the mattress pad before i 'd put the sheets on -- the material 's not scratchy or anything , pretty soft and comfy for something that goes under your sheets !
 my daughter is 5 and i got this for her . she absolutely loves it . i love the fact that it comes with a container for snacks , and that it has plenty of room for her barbie thermos . the only downfall is that the pink and purple one pictured is no longer available . it ships as a pink and lime green .
 My little daugther loves her new lunchbox!It 's beutiful ... very spacious and comes with a container for a snack and has two compartments !! It 's very appropriate my daugther 3 years old !!!
 My daughter insisted on this lunchbox for kindergarten . Her lunchbox arrived , but she was devasted that it was the pink and limegreen lunchbox she had last year . I contacted multiple Amazon vendors prior to re-purchasing only to find that the one pictured is no longer available and the other one has replaced it . I give the lunch box in general 4 stars because of space and organizational ability .
 Guys , firstly buy it , ignore the price even if it was expensive or cheap , shine a blue light at night on it , and that shine comes out of the poster , This is a hippy poster must have !!!
 I 'm glad to have this piece of history upon my wall with the vibrant colors of the late 60s . Its quality is just like any other standard posters you 'd see in stores .
 she loved using during different events to bake and design her goods . . is used on a weekly basis and great product
 These cookie cutters made nice , large cookies . They are durable & attractive -LRB- in four different pastel colors -RRB- . I used Americolor Soft Gel Paste Student Kit food dyes to make great pastel icing for these cookies . Purchased here on Amazon .
 A gaming place where I live has these chairs set up for Xbox gaming and small theater experiences . While the theater setup is cool , this chair 's worth is really in gaming , in my opinion . The subwoofer rumbles whenever the controller rumbles , giving you that `` I 'm getting shot '' or `` I 'm crashing my car into the wall '' feeling . Basically , instead of just feeling it in your hands , you feel it in your whole body . Regarding the `` surround sound '' - no , it 's not 5.1 , but it is 2.1 , and it does work . you can tell if your ememies are shooting from the left or right , or if someone 's coming up on your tail . Also , it 's pretty comfortable to sit in for hours on end . It 's too bad it does n't recline . Obviously , there are more important things to do with $ 700 , but if you already have the Sony GrandWega and the great gaming room , this could definitely complete it .
 Ca n't say enough about this chair . The construction is top notch , and the tactile sub-woofer is awsome . It shakes the house when on full blast , and the head rest speakers are just the right balance . Great for movies , and even better for games . I have it hooked up to my computer , and it works like a charm . This chair is worth every penny , awsome experience .
 I have owned these chairs for over 5 years now and have not had a single problem with them other than User error at times . They truely do set the house on fire with sound ! In fact I could n't even use them for a period when I lived in an apartment because it would shake the building and I would get complaints.I have been an avid Xbox gamer for over a decade and have never been happier to be a gamer than with these chairs . They have been the coolest with movies and I am big movie buff too.When the helicopters fly over in `` Blackhawk Down '' and the T-Rex stomps in `` Jurassic Park '' These things show off . I have enjoyed having the set of two because then you can share in the experience with friends.I get the negativity of the two that wrote bad reviews , but the first one had an issue with Amazon and a faulty product , it happens . The second one just had a bur in the rear over analality between 5.1 and 2.1 sound , really if 2.1 sounds like a manufactured 5.1 then whats the problem . I have loved the game and movie feel these chairs bring and everyone that has sat in them over the years to has loved it !!!!
 This statue is the perfect gift for a new Eagle Scout ! The young man who received it told me that it would always have a place of honor .
 This was a going away gift for some friends of mine , and the picture was nice , but the actual statue is even more beautiful in person . Very good craftsmanship and wonderful attention to detail . Oh not to mention that the product was delivered before the projected date , and I am currently on Guam . That gives this product even more high marks in my book ... well worth the money .
 I am very happy with this set . It is lovely , large , and nice for my evening tea or for sharing with a friend !
 I 've been looking for a lighted make up mirror for over a year . I 've tried quite a few , but have n't found exactly what I 'm looking for . This mirror seems to come closest , although there is room for improvement.What I like
 This purchase was well-researched . I 've had my mirror for 2 years now and it is still in `` like new '' shape . Still have n't had to replace a bulb . I just damp dust -LRB- no chemicals -RRB- . The light is daylight , which will render the most natural setting . Magnification is terrific -- you wo n't believe what you missed before ! Rialto is a top-rated brand .
 This make-up mirror replaces an earlier generaton -LRB- same style , same manufacturer -RRB- that simply `` wore out '' -- I mean can you ask for any product to give you almost 20 years of loyal and faithful service , never letting you down?For image quality , instant-on qualities , and lighting that allows you to get right to it ... this is the mirror to purchase . The manufacturer is well-known , been around forever and backs what they make.You can not go wrong ... for yourself , your daughter or your granddaughter .
 just a few words about this mirrori bought this mirror on eBay a long time ago for over hundred bucks ... and i 'm enjoying it every single dayits a super beautiful lighted mirror
 This mirror is great ! So i have searched for a good vanity mirror for awhile now . I either found a cheap one or expensive one . But ... when i came across this one on Amazon , i thought oh ... this sounds like a good one . After reading the reviews , i decided to go ahead and buy it . and i am super happy with it , great mirror !
 My wife and daughter love them . No problems with the product . Recommend this to anyone looking for a quality mirror .
 Nice mirror for the money . Almost double in the big box retailer stores . You definately see it all on the mag side !!
 Good quality !! It really helps me with doing my makeup so much more precisely . The light is close to day night , this will avoid to put on too much makeup on . No more left shadow residues on my face .
 This mirror is magnified on one side and a plain mirror on the other . Both sides are lit and the quality of the lighting is very natural . I purchased it because I have a difficult time seeing my eyebrows when putting on make up . This mirror would be quite helpful to a person who wears `` readers '' glasses but ca n't see to put on makeup that well without them . I think I 'm getting to that point any life . The mirror is heavy and the finish is very nice . I paid $ 49.99 on Amazon.com which is cheaper than I could find a similar mirror anywhere else . The only downside , is that on the magnification side , the magnification is such that you can not see the sides of your face or your ears . If you want to closely examine the center of your face -LRB- mouth , nose , eyes -RRB- , you are fine . However , you will have to use the other side of the mirror to see the sides of your face because 8x magnification is pretty strong and you just ca n't get the angle needed to focus in on those areas with this size of mirror .
 I bought 6 of these drawers for our new construction home . The interior carpenter was able to make them fit in perfectly to go along with the closet organizers he intended to put in .
 I recently picked up the Easy Track system at Fred Meyer 's on clearance . Do n't know how great the value is a full price , but for 70 % off of retail this system was a still . The drawers were really easy to put together and they slide really well . I have put together desk drawers , etc before and these were by far the easiest to put together and install . I purchased the 8 '' drawers and while they are n't huge , the work fine .
 My husband and I bought this closet system from a hardware store in our area that has since gone out of business . At the time , Closet Maid did n't have anything even close to Easy Track in quality or looks . We found this system simple to install -LRB- it only took us a couple of hours -RRB- , and I love how flexible it is . These drawers are a little on the small size , but that just means a couple more than you would have in a dresser.The finish is super-durable , and looks spectacular . I highly recommend this system to anyone . However , there is no longer any store within a 3-hour drive that sells it anymore ... they need to hook up with Lowe 's or Home Depot !
 This is as I should expect . The quality is not HD but I got what I paid for . It was in mint condition and a average delivery time .
 This vanity was a good value and purchase . It came well wrapped , and nothing was broken and the pieces were n't missing . It was easy to put together and is pretty strudy . The pictures are true to the item you get , and I do not believe it looks `` cheap '' . Its a decent size vanity . I think it was a good value for the money . It would be perfect for a teenage daughter , but Im closer to 30 than I am to 19 and it works well for me too .
 I have to honestly say , this vanity is absolutely perfect -LRB- sold by Amazon LLC , maker Powell -RRB- ! Lets just start from the time I placed the order , it came in less than a week . The packaging looked like it just had left the warehouse . Once opened , it was extremely easy to put together . No dings , no scratches , no missing pieces , no problem ! It is abolutely beautiful . It is not a cheap looking in person at all , just sturdy enough . It is for my 12 year old niece and she is going to love it . I definately recommend this vanity .
 Length :
 This `` egg '' slicer is great ! Not only does it slice eggs , it also slice mushrooms perfectly . Much better than a food processor and more even slices than by hand -LRB- and quicker too -RRB- . I used this slicer to slice the mushrooms for a pork dish for 150 people and it was quick and the slices were all uniform and neat.Heavy duty too . Well worth the price .
 This is a VERY heavy-duty egg slicer , which I like , but it is very hard to clean . There are very deep crevices and many nooks and crannies for egg to get caught in . Nevertheless , it is worth it to have an egg slicer with wires and other parts that wo n't get bent out of shape .
 I debated on whether I should give this 4 or 5 stars . It 's a lovely item , and I have used it LOTS of times , and never had any problems with the wires breaking . The thing is a bit of a nightmare to clean , though I would tend to think that all like products are hard to clean . If I had to buy another egg slicer , or recommend one , I would definitely go with this one ; great for cutting eggs and mushrooms . Nothing beats a good chef 's knife , but this sure makes it a lot easier on yourself ...
 The is the second slicer I have purchased . The first lasted nearly eight years of service in the kitchen before a wire broke . With that high reliability I could not switch to another brand . This product is well made . Sturdy metal construction with taut metal wires well secured into the frame . The different slicing patterns give my wife some variability in food presentation and help keep the hard boiled eggs appealing to the kids . Works great with mushrooms as well . Strawberries work as long as they are ripe . We broke a wire slicing a hard strawberry . -LRB- If you are looking for a strawberry slicer , I recommendJoie Simply Slice Strawberry Slicer -- wife loves it -RRB- I looking for another eight years of service from this egg slicer .
 This is exactly the tool I was looking for to dice my eggs for salad . Here 's how I do it ; it could n't be easier . I 'd been using two different tools to do the job that this performs all in one . Now I can eliminate the ancient wedging tool I was using . My old slicing tool is good for mushrooms and strawberries , though , so I 'll keep that one . It has strong wires and works fine for harder jobs . The wires on this tool are perfect for hard boiled eggs , however and so far , they have served me well.With both cutting disks open , I set the peeled hard boiled egg up on end in the base tilted slightly toward the hinge to allow for the close proximity of the wedging disk . By closing the wedge disk down over the egg I have lovely wedges if I want to add them as is to a green salad , but I seldom do that . Instead , I re-position the egg to lay down sideways in the base , then I close the slicing disk over it while I hold the unit inverted over the bowl so the resulting diced egg pieces fall right into it.The two operations are enough to make a nice small dice that is just right for egg salad . I watched Timothy 's video showing how he uses only the slicing disk and re-positions the egg twice , but I guess I 'm not dexterous enough because I made a mess when I tried it . My method produces quite an acceptable dice and works better for me . I 've been doing it for years with the two devices and am delighted I can now achieve the same result with just this one.While the wires may not be strong enough for other things , they are perfect for eggs , giving clean cuts with little pressure . If you 're an egg salad lover , I highly recommend this little gadget .
 it was a big hit with my son he loved it also i like the sandwitch container and compartment great size bag
 This colander is a great size for a family . It holds a lot of pasta , and the expandable handles help it fit across any sink . The only complaint I have is that within 2 weeks , one of the rubber covers on the feet split , followed by another about a month later . The others either split apart or fell off in less than a year , so now we use towels to prevent scratching the sink and counter . I figure why buy a whole new one when the rubber is the only part that has failed in 3-4 years ?
 I just got these and I 'm impressed with their construction
 If you look for this in a store , it will cost the same for just the cups so getting both the cups and spoons is a great deal . Unlike the other reviewer , I do not mind the lack of a ring . The only drawback that may become a problem in the future is that the cup is not one piece , but welded . I can see that wearing out after a while , but for now they are perfect . The spoons are one piece.I plan to also buy the two cup measure and the odd cups . I wish this company made an odd spoons set too ! This is great and I think it would be an excellent gift for bakers . Nearly perfect in every way .
 The measuring cups and spoons are a nice addition to my kitchen . The markings are easy to read and the handles are sturdy . I would recommend them to anyone wanting a quality set of measuring spoons and cups .
 I love , love these cups and spoons . As a culinary arts teacher/caterer , I can tell you they are the best . They make measuring accurately very easy and are extremely durable . I have purchased them for gifts many times .
 These are great cups , but the handles are a little skinny . On one one of the cups that I received , the engraved measurement was n't quite printed on all the way . The ring that comes with the measuring spoons appears to be a simple binder ring that can be purchased anywhere that sells school supplies . Reviewers for theAmco Advanced Performance Measuring Cup Setclaimed that this ring is not rust proof -LRB- I have n't had the product long enough to find out myself -RRB- . The stainless steel is great , but somehow , I just do n't feel the quality of these cups when I hold them in my hand .
 I 'm so happy I decided to buy these instead of some of the more expensive brands . These are extremely durable , and well made.The cups are n't single-piece construction , but honestly after getting them and seeing them I 'm not worried at all . Many other brands just spot weld once or twice , which for the most part is even enough . These were spot welded , FOUR times . Saying these will wear out easily is like saying the Golden Gate Bridge is going to collapse because it 's not made of one piece.Also the difference between 18/8 and 18/10 is negligible in quality , but for some reason not in price . the 2 % different in nickel really wo n't make for much difference in corrosion resistance . And the thickness is just enough so that it feels comfortable and balanced , but not too heavy . I would n't melt butter in these , but that 's just because I melt butter in the microwave anyway . If you really want to , I do n't see why not.For $ 20 this is a steal .
 These measuring cups are well-constructed and are also well-balanced . The spoons are also well-constructed . Nothing is flimsy.As another rater stated , the ring that comes attached to the spoons does not make a complete loops and will fall off . So either buy another ring that will fit them or keep them loose , which is what I am doing .
 Had these for 6 months now . They look polished and new . Well constructed for the price . The ring that holds the spoons does rust after a while , which I replaced with twine .
 I had another set of cups and spoons that I could not use . This set is very easy to use .
 These are by far the best designed measure spoons on mkt , at a price less than some other la-de-da brands . In a side comment to one other reviewer , the company does make a set of odd-size spoons -LRB- I think 2T , 1.5 T , pinch , 1/8t and one other size , ca n't recall what it is , some fraction of a tsp . -RRB- There is also a six-spoon set of spice measures , with elongated , oval bowls to slide through spice jar openings more easily . A nice concept , though I do n't believe there is any legal mandate to restrict use to spice jars alone.So , why best design ? The metal is heavy gauge stainless , it 's not going to bend in ordinary usage . The spoons nest nicely in a drawer but have a generous hole in handle to hang up if des . The bowls of all the sets are flat on bottom . This , along with a curve at the opposite end of the handle , allows you to rest the spoons flat on a counter with whatever you are measuring in advance of need , and , if you have a shaky hand you can pour a liquid into a spoon set on a convenient surface . At the join between the bowl and handle , there is a small bulge in the circumference of the bowl 's rim . This allows you to see clearly when a liquid is just at top and helps avoid overfill/spill . Until I bought these , I had never considered the idea that there might be any engineering to apply to design of spoons -LRB- other than trying for approx . correct size in a measuring spoon -RRB- The measure cups are also heavy gauge stainless , with pierced handle for hanging or can nest comfortably in drawer . The bottoms are very flat and the cups themselves weigh enough that the weight of the handles wo n't tip them over . Also , when the cups are nested and you have a good grip on the handles , they are heavy enough to use as a weapon . As a blackjack , they would have some limitations because the handles are n't really long enough , but they might serve in a pinch . And yes , I do own them , but no , I have n't used them as a weapon .
 Bought this item -LRB- on the recommendation of America 's Test Kitchen , which I do often -RRB- and when comparing them to the ones I had been using , there was definitely a difference in the measurements . Now my recipes are working out like they should .
 Great quality , much better price than in local stores . Sturdy construction , unlike many of the models sold in dpartment stores .
 Multiple baking projects and two batches of marmalade in and they are still awesome . Great construction , come through the dishwasher looking beautiful . I would definitely -LRB- and probably will -RRB- buy another set .
 I 've had these for a long time now and I use them all the time . Still in tact and does the job . . Not much more you can ask out of measuring cups . . lol
 Items are very nice . Handles are not as heavy as I expected on cups -LRB- even though I read reviews -RRB- but very acceptable-spoons are very heavy material-all in all , very nice set that I would buy again and give as a gift .
 I got the recommendation from Cooks Illustrated , and it works like a charm . The stainless steel is very sturdy , and the measurement is very accurate . Easy to clean , too .
 More than I expected . For the price I thought I would be getting a basic thin cheap product . These are great ! Heavy metal and very well made . They look like little pots . Have them nicely displayed for everyone to see .
 These are great , and the best thing about them is the price . I think they are far superior the plastic ones , and on the same level of some of the more expensive ones . Of course they are not better than those on the highest price level or commercial quality . Sometimes I think people expect too much for what they are paying for . It does seem like there was a quality issue with some of the handles , but I did not have this problem . I guess it is hit or miss because it seems others did not have the problem either . I think everyone who purchased these can probably agree for the cups AND spoons , you 're not going to get a better value . It is not a cheap or thin grade of stainless steel by any means .
 Love , love , love these measuring cups !!! They 're simply the best . I 've bought them many times to include as part of a wedding gift of various cooking utensils . They 're the perfect size , do n't bend , make measuring accurate and fit nicely into drawers . There are also sets of odd-sized measuring cups to coordinate .
 Outstanding quality , accurate measurements and simple but attractive design . These feel like they 'll last a lifetime .
 I like that the stand is made entirely of stainless steel and is adjustable for all reading angles . It 's also sturdy enough to support even the heaviest cookbook ! The clear plastic cover is great too - I 've already saved some of my newer cookbooks from accidental splashes !
 I do n't have a lot of counter space and this breaks down quite easily . The base is quite heavy so there is no tipping when larger books are in there . The guard is plastic so to clean do n't use anything abrasive . My only wish would be that the plastic guard were larger . My oversized cookbooks are n't completely protected around the edges and I am a very messy cook . Overall though I would recommend it for ease of use and it 's ability to adust to any thickness book .
 This cookbook holder looks great in my kitchen . My favorite thing is that it can be infinitely adjusted . Another huge benefit is that it can be broken down almost flat for storage , but it looks too good to be stowed in a drawer . It supports just about any size book or magazine but if it 's a single sheet of paper or a very thin magazine I find I need to put another magazine behind it for support ... no big deal to me though.My only suggestion to the manufacturer would be that the plastic ` splatter screen ' should be at least big enough to fully cover an open 10 '' x 12 '' book rather than covering slightly over half of it -LRB- though it does cover the one page fairly well -RRB- . And for short wide cookbooks rotating that larger ` splatter screen ' would almost cover the width of most elongated books ; ergo only 4 stars .
 I really like this cookbook holder . It supports both large and small cookbooks as well as recipe cards or paper . It is very fashionable and can be left out or stored away . I wish the splash guard was a little bigger for larger cookbooks , but other than that I would definitely buy again or suggest that others purchase it .
 Depsite being an used item , it came in the original packing & was exactly what my mom was looking for in regards to a holder that would keep her cook books from being stained .
 This thermos is amazing . I made hot chocolate and put it into the thermos . I forgot to wash the thermos out and came back the next day to find that the hot chocolate was still significantly hot . I would recommend this thermos to any and everyone .
 This thermos keeps coffee HOT for several hours.Garyin Tampa
 I stumbled on this thermos and the price was right . In a world of multiple assorted water bottles to choose from , this one is the best and most utilitarian yet . I wholeheartedly recommend to replace the water bottles that do not deliver as this one does . Get it , you will not regret it .
 This is a good thermos bottle . Keeps things cold or hot for quite a while and it is very sturdy .
 The Bolt is the only thermos I have found that is true to the claim that the coffee stays hot for 6 hours or more.Superb product , certainly worth the few Drachmas more.S
 This is the best thermal vacuum bottle my husband has ever used . He is a truck driver and has gone through many bottles , and this is the best for keeping coffee hot ALL DAY LONG ! It is also easy to pour in the truck because you do n't have to remove the sealer lid , just loosen it to pour .
 I bought it , used it , and it does what it 's supposed to do
 Bought this adapter to power my Koolatron fridge when travelling . It works well and is much lighter than my original one -LRB- due to the fact that it is solid state based -RRB- . The only drawback is that the outlet plug is a car lighter socket and the Koolatron has a 2-pronged DC plug so I had to get an extension cord to make it work . Luckily I had a spare . Koolatron should at least provide the correct plug with the unit .
 This adapter was a must for our Koolatron Cooler . We were able to plug in the cooler at home so that it would be cold before use to work more efficiently . It was really invaluable on a long trip as we were able to take our cooler into our hotel rooms at night and keep it running so that the contents were always cold . The adapter did get hot when running for long periods , but I expect that would be normal .
 It definatley serves its purpose . I have had this product for almost a year and use it on a regular basis . My primary use for this adapter is my signal booster . I use my signal booster for my laptop and my cell phone . The adapter does seem cheaply made , but none the less it gets the job done .
 This makes such a difference in the use of the Koolatron cooler . We cool it down about an hour before filling it and it runs much more efficiently than just plugging into the 12 volt dc in the truck .
 Product arrived in timely manner . . and I wanted it rushed . Going away on the weekend ! Worked just as it was advertised with the product I bought with it . I 'd recommend to anyone and buy another if need be . Thanks
 It 's great because you can use it with other things and it has a regular plug with long cords . A bit pricey but a `` plus '' to have if you travel a lot -LRB- and forget the AC cell phone charge -RRB- .
 Good product . Used twice already . Seems to run a little hot , but is just what we needed to make full use of our Kooltron cooler/warmer .
 I purchased this ac adapter to work with my Koolatron P95 cooler . We use it every day for added refrigerator space and this makes it possible to use standard 110AC to 12volt DC power . Just be sure to place it on a surface that wo n't be bothered by the heat it produces . The more air that can circulate around this unit the cooler it stays . It is a must have item if you are wanting to expand the capabilities of your cooler/warmer .
 I purchased this adapter to use with the Koolatron 52 quart electronic cooler . The instructions state not to place under load for more than 15 minutes . Since it takes hours to cool , this is unclear . I connected this adapter and my cooler for 12 hours continuous operation with the advertised 40 degree temp drop . The adapter was warm but not hot as to melt objects touching it or burn skin . I am not concerned about the 15 minute notice on the instructions , but clarification is probably warranted .
 The adapter worked exactly as advertized . It allowed us to pre-cool the cooler so that the items we put in would not lose temperature . The adapter is essential to us as we have no other way to pre-cool . The adapter is well worth the money .
 The cooler came on time and has worked flawlessly . I would say the adapter from 12 v -LRB- DC -RRB- to household power -LRB- 120 AC -RRB- is essential and worth the extra money .
 Plugged it into our Koolatron cooler & everything worked great for the two days that we tested it.Appears to be just what we need for our road trips .
 This cooler keeps things 30 degrees cooler than the outside temperature which at 80 degrees is 50 degrees not bad for a 12 volt cooler . I got the AC adapter and use it at home as well out in the garage so I can have a cold one while I tinker . Save a lot of money on the road by passing up the fastfood places and pulling an ice cold soda out of my cooler to have with a nice homemade sandwich and potato salad . Keeps the kids happy longer too .
 Used this with my 12 volt fantastic fan in my travel trailer . Worked well . Have only used one time . . briefly ... so ca n't comment on durability .
 I purchased the koolatron kargo wheeler and quickly realized the adapter is a must . Makes kooler more efficient and great when traveleling so u do n't have to unpack items
 Tried it out for the first time and could not be more pleased.Plugged it in and connected my satellite radio and it workedperfectly for the first time . I would recommend it withoutreservation .
 I purchased a Koolatron cooler and noted that the manual stated that non-Koolatron AC/DC adaptors should not be used and would void the warranty . Rather than take the chance with my old adaptor from a different brand electric cooler , I decided to order a new one . Koolatron offers its adaptor at its web site and I just about ordered it , but then compared Amazon 's offering . The identical adaptor at Amazon is half the price of the one through Koolatron . I 've used it a number of times and it works fine . It also has about twice the wattage capability of my old adaptor . One caution
 We have used this adapter with our portable refrigerator 24/7 since receiving it . It works fine and appears not to get to hot .
 We do a lot of travel staying at many hotels/motels . Some have refrigerators , and some not . Sometimes they charge $ 10 to $ 25/day ! To cut costs on meals , we like to take our own and need a cooling device . The Koolatron is excellent and cools as we travel with the cigar lighter plug . It also has a heating option which we have not used , but with potluck meals at church , I 'm sure that will come in handy as well .
 Did exactly what it said it would . Nice adaptor to have to charge up the cooler in the house
 To me , this is a very necessary product as I stock up my cooler to the lid with cold food . I use it on AC for 24 hours prior to a trip . This way the cooler is not playing catch up as its warm and the food is cold . Makes the cooler work much better . See my review on the cooler itself.Good luck !
 We have had this cooler for a few weeks and love it . We use it several times a week and no problems .
 This worked great for getting the Koolatron cooler down to the right temp before loading it up the next day . Plugged it into a wall outlet the night before and in the morning it was ready to load up .
 it takes the magical energy in my wall and runs my cooler every time I plug it in .
 I ordered this for the mini fridge Koolatron Cocola and it does not fit it . . It was advertised on Amazon to go together .
 Awesome cooler pretty quiet I ordered the adaptor seperate so I can pack my husbands lunch at night and all he has to do is unplug and plug in lighter and everything is cold . has alot of room and the partition is useful
 This has worked great on vacations , keeping the cooler working overnight while in motels and homes .
 The Multi-purpose adapter works spendidly . It makes our Koolatron available for any out of car use we desire .
 Used it to test the unit purchased and had them connected for 48 hours straight and adapter worked outstanding with no problems at all . Have owned one before and used it faithfully for years . Suggest it for anyone who wants to use their 12 volt coolers in their vehicles and at home .
 You need this adapter so you can give your cooler an initial cooldown before using it . Also , when traveling , it keeps your beverages and snacks cool overnight in the hotel room -LRB- unless you have an upgraded hotel room with a refrig -RRB-
 You must buy this Koolatron multi-purpose adapter to go with your Koolatron cooler . No other adapter will work . Sandy E.
 Works , seems to be holding up as I 've used it for hours at a time and it does not overheat , great way to save your vehicle battery as you can pre-cool your cooler -LRB- and contents -RRB- before placing in your vehicle , wish it had a bit more reserve output .
 We use the Koolatron to power a cooler when we are camping or in the car on a trip . It works as it should , without a hitch .
 Worked fine with Koolatron Cooler in hotel room . A must if you buy the cooler .
 this ac adapter works great with our kooltron cooler plug it in the hotels and we always have cool fresh fruit and drinks on hand when you need them in the hotel rooms .
 I was fool enough to let someone borrow my Koolatron cooler . It came back without the power cord and adapter . I ordered this one . It seems to do the job just as well as the original , and has the added benefit of being smaller and easier to carry with you on trips .
 I have used this adapter for a couple times now . It works as designed and described . I use it to power a Koolatron cooler . Not much else to say at this point . Time will tell as to the quality , but I do n't foresee any issues . One thing , do not get this item wet , even heavy dew will render it useless . When/If using outside or overnight outside , i suggest covering with a ziplock type bag to keep the moisture out .
 I felt that an AC adapter was a necessity . With it , I can get the portable refrigerator cool before my trip . I generally hook it up the night before a trip .
 Great power source for powering the Koolatron ! I am quite pleased with the operability . Connections fit perfectly and powered my Koolatron nicely .
 The plug in cooler only has a car adapter , which is great while driving , but not once we reach our destination . The charger works great and provides enough power to keep the cooler cold enough to store meats , cheeses , etc while camping .
 get to have for use in the house . it gives a little more room if you are having a party and need a little extra space for soda
 Great adapter - this does everything it is supposed to do . Altho I thought it was pricey , I liked the assurance that it would be compatible with my Koolatron cooler .
 Not sure how we 'd get along with out it ! Gives extended life to the Koolatron by letting us haul it in & plug in upon arrival . Perfect for our rustic cabin campout .
 The adapter ran many hours during a couple of weeks and did not show any signs of overheating . I would recommend it .
 Have n't really had the need to use this device yet . Just something that I thought I might use around home when the need to kool extra drinks was necessary .
 My husband does n't always have a motel room with a refrigerator , so he takes this one in from the car and plugs it into the wall . From the cigarette lighter in the car to the motel room -- great idea . Glad we got it .
 The koolatron is a great product but I wanted to have an AC/DC cord for motel rooms , etc. ... We also use it on our boat as an overflow refrig . The cord actually works better than the cig . lighter plug . I can hear the fan running with more power when I plug it into the wall . Money well spent !
 When I originally bought Koolatron P25Koolatron P25 26-Quart FunKool Cooler , Dark GreyI did not buy the pricey AC adapter which is made specificity for Koolatron . That was a mistake . The Radio Shack AC adapter was not powerful enough to handle Koolatron and immediate shut off.The Koolatron Multi-Purpose adaptor , however , works fine ! We use it to pre-cool Koolatron before leaving home before the trips -LRB- it is a little slow to get cool -RRB- and use it in the hotel room when needed.The Koolatron adaptor can be used to both cool and heat for those units who have both heating and cooling option . Which function is working depending on how the adaptor DC plug is connected to the cooler . So when you plug it in check what setting you are using to avoid unpleasant surprises.During the last year the price on this adapter fluctuated between $ 27 and $ 34.99 . I found a nice tool that allows me to see price history of Amazon items . If you search on Amazon price history and select the one with the word ` camel ' you will see the tool I find very useful in my shopping . You can see the history of products and send you an email when the price reaches the level you are interested in.Overall I am pleased with this adapter.Ali Julia review
 I bought this to power my portable ice chest at home or while I am on the road . It converts the 110 house voltage to the 12 volts to run the frig . Both products work well .
 This is an excellent product to be used with the Koolatron P25 cooler chest . I ruined one chest by using a different adapter -LRB- my mistake ! -RRB- . Together , the way they should be , they work fine.Koolatron was willing to sell and ship a new chest lid -LRB- with cooling mechanism -RRB- to me . I highly recommend the company and product !
 The adaptor works perfectly with aKoolatron Kool Wheelerportable chest . Allows you to use regular AC plug in a hotel room and keep all your food and beverages uniformly cold without messy ice .
 Bought this to use with our Koolatron car cooler so we could take the cooler into hotel rooms at night on a five week road trip . Pretty simple device , my only complaint would be that it is big and heavy .
 This adapter work flawlessly with the Koolatron cooler . My only concern is that it tends to be a little too hot with prolonged use .
 good product at a great price , checked other sites and this was best price by far .
 We 've had a family reunion and had our new kooler plugged into this for 6 days now and it works perfect and it does n't overheat at all . We love it and would recommend it to anyone . We also used it in our vehicle 's 110 volt recepticle . Perfect there too.Koolatron Multi-Purpose Adapter 110AC to 12 Volts DC -LRB- Model AC-15 -RRB-
 Although it 'll run a little hot when used for the night , it makes a great accessory for the car cooler you brought on that road trip that needs to stay on in the hotel ! It works , it 's been reliable , just do n't get it too close to anything as it does heat up !
 We bought to go with a plug in cooler , but is a good price for anything needing to be charged .
 I bought this for a cooler I also bought on Amazon . It sure did a good job on our vacation . It was worth the money for the 2 uses -LRB- one in the wall plug and other in the car -RRB- . I would definately recommend .
 I recently purchased the Koolatron Multi-Purpose Adapter to use with my Koolatron thermoelectric cooler while on vacation . It worked perfectly ! I used it in our hotel room for five days without any problems . It did get warm , as all adapters do , but it certainly never got hot . I was able to use my cooler as a refrigerator in the room , thanks to this adapter ! I highly recommend this product to everyone .
 Basic AD/DC converter . Gets rather warm , but not excessive . The automobile plug fits well in the socket on the adapter . I 've used it several times now on my Koolatron P-27 Voyager cooler and it has done the job .
 Works great if you can `` idle '' or have an Inverter . Great purchase for a Pro Driver . Purchased with Kooltron Cooler . GREAT investment .
 The adapter made it possible to take the cooler along with its contents into our motel room every night , saving money on breakfasts and lunches while keeping things safe and cool .
 In order to fully use this portable cooler , the adapter is essential . I have recently taken two trips , transporting food from home in the car , but with this adapter I have not had to burden my host with finding space in his refrigerator while I visit because I can just plug my new cooler into a wall plug and forget it until my return home . No messing with ice and water and soggy food or time to maintain an unplugged cooler -- worth its weight in gold -LRB- and price -RRB- , in my opinion !
 Koolatron Multi-Purpose Adapter 110AC to 12 Volts DC -LRB- Model AC-15 -RRB- We just moved and used this it worked so great and now we have continued to use this product for short trips . Love this item !
 If you are considering the purchase of a cooler , also consider buying the 120v adapter as well . It can be used to `` pre-cool '' the cooler/contents before your road trip . Then take the cooler/adapter along with you in your motel room for the night-Koolatron does not recommend leaving the cooler running off the car battery for more than 4 hours if the car is not running .
 This 110 volt AC to 12 volt DC adapter is a nice addition to our Koolatron Cooler purchase . We can now plug the Cooler in inside the house and have it cool already before we bring the Cooler to the car . As a bonus you can use the AC adapter to power any other 12 volt items you have .
 A must have with any of the Koolatron products !!! Traveled across SE to SW it was perfect with the P-90 !!!
 This apparatus is a great addition to the Koolatron family , I would highly recommend this product to complete the Koolatron family group .
 I have been using this adaptor for almost a year . It allows me to use my compact , 12 V refrigerater in my car and then via the adaptor , bring it into my hotel room in the evening . It has been plugged & unplugged MANY times with no problem . It does get a tad warm but not where it is dangerous .
 this product did the job . . i got it for the mini coke machine and it works perfectly . . couldnt be happier
 This helps to just carry your cooler into your hotel room or whatever and plug it in to continue cooling . Works well but my only complaint is that it 's LOUD . We usually have to plug it in the bathroom and leave the door closed otherwise it can be very disturbing .
 The knife comes with its own plastic reusable storage case and is quite nice with a hanger on the top so it can be hung next to the juicer -LRB- or breadmaker ? -RRB- . The case has a sliding lock to keep the curious from easily getting their little hands on the knife very easily but , IMO , should not be left in a place where the little ones can reach it . Smart kids will get it open very easily . Even I figured it out ... :-RRB- . The knife is heavy for its size ; Overall length is ~ 10 inches -LRB- 25.4 cm -RRB- and is well balanced . Probably not good for dicing -LRB- or throwing -RRB- but really a superb cutting & slicing knife . Slices very nicely and will also slice the thumb/hand very easily if not using a cutting board so be careful . -LRB- I made a small slice on thumb -LRB- no blood -RRB- because I am accustomed to a different knife . Is that too much info ? - sorry . -RRB- I was able to make some very thin , almost paper thin , slices on first use.The knife is constructed for CLEANLINESS , too , the way ALL knives in the kitchen should be . It is one piece with an attached handle cover using * three * rivets . That means there is no joint where the blade meets the handle and therefore no crevice for food particles and germs to accumulate . That also means no extra scrubbing to get it clean . However , I would not suggest putting in a dishwasher unless the top rack is used and the knife removed before the drying cycle because of possible damage to the handle which seems to be non-slip -LRB- my hands were wet from washing tomatoes but the grip was very good -RRB- . Using the dishwasher to clean it will probably ruin the `` non-slip '' of the handle . Hand cleaning was very easy and quick ... The handle fits on the knife very tightly - no gaps that I can see . The THREE rivets are slightly raised but also fit very tightly
 I bought this rolling pin as a gift for my daughter who is a great cook . She loves it . It 's nice and heavy for rolling out dough , it does most of the work for you . I will be ordering another one for me .
 I loved rolling out dough with this marble rolling pin . I just got the marble pin today and went to the kitchen to roll out dough for the cinnamon rolls . I used the marble board and the marble rolling pin and what a different it makes to my dough not sticking to the pin or the board . The weight of the pin makes it so much easier to rolling the dough out . I hardly have to press down at all , the pin did all the work . Wow !! I should purchase this item years ago for baking .
 Bought a very similiar set from Wilton -LRB- mine has the butterfly , heart , tulip , and flower not the bunny and chick -RRB- but they are basically the same thing.Pleaes keep in mind these are TINY ! I can not imagine using them for cookies . . think bite size if you wan na do that.I bought them for some cake pops I am going to try to make and seeing what shapes work best . They are sturdy and turned out great ! I wish they would have had this set w/the bunny last month when I ordered them , I would have gotten that ! Love it ! Would be great to cut cheese like the previous poster said for little kids , or decorations for cakes and such . I do n't think they are dish washer safe , but they are realy easy to clean in warm soapy water .
 I use this product for cutting out shapes for my children 's lunches . It works well on cheeses , meats , even thick fruit .
 Although the one I received was greatly reduced in price because it was an `` open box '' item , it worked fine , but it did n't come with any instructions or manual , and the cooling thingy -LRB- I do n't know what it 's called -RRB- seems a little loose . We took it with us on a five week road trip , used it in the car and in hotel rooms -LRB- with AC adapter -RRB- , and kept a thermometer in it to check the temp . It stayed between 30-40 degrees . It fit nicely behind the passenger seat in our Camry , but would also fit nicely between the front seats of a minivan .
 Love this product it is my second one.The first lasted several years and I used it almost daily.Would recomend this to anyone .
 I 've been very happy with my purchase . My Koolatron kept drinks and snacks very cold with no problem . As other reviewers have already noted you need to power up the unit roughly 12 hours prior to loading it with items you want to keep it cold . This unit is not a refrigerator so if you pack it with items not chilled already in refrigerator then it will be a long time before things get cold.Whether my unit will be reliable long term I can not say but on my recent use I have used it four days straight without a problem .
 Fits right behind back seat of vehicle while still allowing the person up front to have a fair amount of legroom . The previous cooler I had like this was too wide and smashed the front passenger . Keeps cold foods cold and hot foods hot . Ca n't really ask for more than that .
 It is a very nice compact cooler , an AC/DC adapter is must . We have used it once for a short trip -LRB- 4 hrs -RRB- . It hold up the drinks and milk for babies as cold as we expected it to be .
 I fly several times a year to do cooking demos for aquaculture associations . This cooler fits exactly under the airplane seats so the flight attendants do n't fuss . Even when full of fish , it 's easy enough to handle by attaching to my rollaround suitcase in the airport . For several years I used an Igloo brand , which has since been discontinued . I 'm happy with the Koolatron brand so far . Adaptor is a must when travelling , for the car and hotel room . As everyone here has stated , cold food/drink to start with really helps .
 I selected this model because of the great reviews it got . They were spot on . Compact enough to easily fit behind the driver 's seat so that the front seat passenger could reach it easily . Large enough to carry the essentials for our trip . With the optional multi-purpose adapter , it is everything we needed in a portable , electric cooler .
 great product - use daily to keep water & tea cool - great for travel - fan a little noisy - great value - would purchase again - works extremely well
 I love this product . If you start with something cold in it , it chills up very quickly . I put 3 ice packs in it and they stay frozen for days as long as it 's plugged in . I 'm a nursing mom who travels , and this keeps the milk cold .
 There 's an outside fan and an inside condenser fan . The inner fan is like a squeeky wheel that can get on your nerves . I think there may be a problem with mine as I ca n't imagine that it should make that much noise . Other than that , it works great and is very portable .
 I got this as a gift from my girlfriend and i could n't be happier with it.I 'm a OTR truck driver and I really appreciate being able to take food & drinks with me.What I really like about this cooler is the taller & skinny shape it is.It fits perfectly behind the seat or in the cubby holes that i have in the sleeper.It also is a 12v type model so I have my running throughout the day while i 'm driving.You can also reverse the plug setting and turn it into a food warmer which i have never used.Its nice to wake up in the morning and have some cold juice & yogurt.For lunch & dinner i can have my leftovers & frozen foods in it.I feel this a perfect size for a solo driver , as it serves me well.UPDATE 4/11 = I 'm stilling enjoying having my cooler with me , its so nice to have milk & cookies at the end of the day.It keeps all my regular food cold too , like BBQ , wings , cheese , hotpockets , milk , pop , & juice.I have had this for 4 months now , and it works like a charm.If you do a lot of traveling or our a solo trucker , this is prefect for you .
 We purchased this unit for a road trip from Oregon to S. Calif. . We wanted to be able to buy sandwiches , snacks and bottled water in the morning and eat on the road , or keep things cold overnight . This fridge worked great , we used it every day of our three week trip , and could take it into the hotel to keep our bottled water and snacks cold at night . We also purchased the additional AC power cord . The unit is small , lightweight , and the noise is minimal for a fridge . The only down side is that it does n't cycle on and off like a regular fridge so things at the bottom and toward the compresser would freeze overnight . We just put the water there , no problem . Would highly recommend this unit ! We have used it several times since the purchase .
 We were so glad we bought this cooler for use on a cross-country road trip . It fit nicely behind the front seat , taking up less room then a conventional cooler . We bought the adapter so that we could take the cooler from the car into our hotel rooms at night . As recommended , we plugged it in a few hours or overnight before starting our trip to pre-cool the cooler and placed cold drinks/food in it.We also bought a car battery saver thinking the cooler would continue to run when we turned the car off , but infortunately it did n't work . All auxiliary power was shut off when the car engine turned off . However , the cooler did keep our food cool for a few hours while sightseeing and was not a problem . Definitely recommend .
 Product seems well made and arrived in good order . The only thing that I have found bad about it is the fan makes some pretty loud noise . I think it may bother me when I have it in a motel room -LRB- I also bought the AC adapter -RRB- . I have some experience with this type cooler and the others I have used did not have as loud of fan.On the plus side
 I bought this for my husband in Dec `` 08 intending touse it on our road trip honeymoon . We have gotten tons of use out of this.We use it for daytrips . We use it with the adapter to bring intohotel rooms with us . I love to bring some yogurt and small snacks andcream for coffee . It 's not huge , but it 's pretty roomy . We even use it during the holidays and for parties when there is not enough room for everything in our refrigerator . We have never used the heating part , so I ca n't attest to that.This unit is working for us today as well as the day we -LRB- I -RRB- bought it .
 This is the second Koolatron Compact I have owned and I a hoping to get as much life out of this one as I did the first . I am a truck driver and use the cooler at least 4 days a week for 8 to 12 hours continuously . With that kind of regular use the first one lasted about 6 years , which seems fantastic compared to several other 12V items I have used over the years . I have had this one for about a month and it is working great.As others have said , this is not a refrigerator . It cools the stuff inside to about 40 degrees less than the outside temperature . So on days when it is 95 , I stick a blue ice pack in for a bit more chill . Everything must be cold going in and you ca n't leave the lid open for long spells . That said , this cooler operates just as advertised and does so for years . I highly recommend this .
 I am a recently diagnosed Type II diabetic and am trying to behave myself in regards to eating - something rather difficult to do on a long road trip . I purchased the Koolatron 18 Quart in the interest of hauling with me yogurt , cottage cheese , fruit and other things people should not have to eat . I have found that this little rig works like a charm , keeping everything very cool . It is relatively quiet , too . The 18 quart version is rather modest sized , i.e. , you ca n't keep a weeks worth of groceries in it , but large enough to store the things I need for a couple of days at a time.My one complaint , as stated in another review , is the A/C adaptor is not included . If one leaves the cooler running off the car battery all night , the battery is dead in the morning . Thus , one must plug it into an A/C outlet overnight . So know that you will need to spend another $ 35 on an A/C adaptor to have a complete system that works well .
 So glad I have this , makes travelling so much easier when you can have some made ahead food and snacks . I purchased it in 2009 and it still works great . I also bought the Koolatron multi-purpose adapter so it could be plugged in when inside the hotel room which makes it very convenient . Make sure you do not leave plugged in when your vehicle is turned off though or you may have a dead battery . Because of this , you will need to make your stops short when travelling in the summer .
 This is exactly what I needed for travel to agility competitions !! I needed a narrow , relatively small cooler that could hold both food for me and food for my little Havanese . This is exactly what I needed ! I bought the AC adapter and plug it in one day before leaving . Then I fill it with food and water for both my little dog and me . It keeps everything refrigerator cold underway and upon arrival . Then in the evening I just take it into the hotel room , plug it in , and let it run there overnight . It is ready to go the next day at the trial . Then home ... and anything still in it is just as cold when we get home . PERFECT !!
 This cooler will make ice in a metal water bottle , pretty cold . The cord setup is better than other cooolers that i have owned also .
 it works get things cold . . could be colder . . what can I say . . ? I plug it in and drive and stuff get s cold . . and getting colder would be nice . . it works good .
 Always keep it in my car . Great for impulse shopping or for cold drinks on the road . Using it has become a habit with us . And , liter sodas or half-gallon milk jugs stand upright . No need to rush home after grocery shopping .
 This cooler was so handy for our Thanksgiving road trip ! Kept food and drinks very cold , and no sloshing of melting ice water ! Also worked in our hotel room , and at the football watch party we attended . Very quiet .
 We purchased this for my husband who is a professional truck driver . Unit was intended to replace his old coleman . The first Koolatron unit worked for a few days then nothing . Completely inoperable . Amazon was excellent about getting us a new unit very quickly and several months later the replacement unit is working as it should . My husband appreciates the smaller size that easily fits in back of his seats , in his closet etc. . We restock his truck every weekend so the more compact size was not an issue for us . The unit keeps a weeks worth of food at a safe temp . We would recommend this model .
 I keep this in the trunk of my car all the time . We have the large size of this cooler and use it on trips -- no messy ice to deal with . We live in a small town so when we go for `` big '' grocery shopping trips it 's a 45 minute drive and I usually stop at 2 or 3 places . This little cooler keeps my cool stuff cool while I 'm rinning around without taking up the whole trunk .
 This cooler actually started to freeze liquid after about 12 hours . It keeps things cool , that 's for sure ! It is a bit noisy though with the fan running non-stop .
 Nothing negative to say . Arrived fast , as I ordered it for next day . Cooled down fast ... must do that cool down time . I ran for several days straight with mostly drinks and some food and it worked great . I 'm looking for another occasion to use it sooner than later . It is small , but I bought it for me to be able to handle easily ... have n't used the heating mechanism yet . But very happy with the product . So glad I found it and bought it along with the indoor adapter . Does make some noise , but did n't really bother me . Another successful buy from Amazon .
 This is a very nice product but still would like to see a few more functional improvments . The unit works very well and seems to do what the product says it can do . Worked great for a two week road trip and was used every day without a problem . With that said I can see a few areas that this product could be improved . First is the electrical cable and storage . The plug to adjust the hot / cold setting does not work well for the cable to be used on the storage area . It is just a bit too long and does not allow you to wrap the cord on the storage area and keep things nice and neat . The Fan area is a very thin plastic and if the unit is pushed against anything the plastic cover runs into the fan and makes a bad noise . This to me is a weakness that should be fixed . It is a nice device and worked great for the entire two week road trip .
 I drive back and forth to my Idaho cabin several times each summer , from 1600 to 2000 miles each trip , with the outside temperature usually in the 90 's and 100 's . I pack drinks , snaks and bottles of vitamins/supplements in a cooler . But with ice , it is only a matter of time before ice melts and water gets into packaging or creates too much humidity . I used this cooler on the first 800 mile leg of a trip this week without problems . Yes , I bought the converter for 110 household current and yes , as someone noted it does make noise ... with the air conditioner on or the windows down or the radio or iPod playing I do n't hear the noise . It is slim enough to fit in the foot space of the front seat without problems . After I ordered it , I saw the same cooler from Amazon itself with free shipping ... I suggest carefully looking at the various vendors before finalizing the order !
 I have used this on two trips , one 800 miles and one over 3000 . I pre-cooled it overnight and filled it with cold items such as a half-gallon of milk , vegies , yoghurt , etc. . I like the way the fan is protected from being crowded and thus overheating . It had ample room for our needs . It is easy to carry , and to plug in in the vehicle and in motel rooms . For the latter I purchased the Wagan AC Power AdapterWagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter . This does get uncomfortably hot -- tho not dangerously so -- so I restricted it 's use to the bathroom where I could put it on tile instead of carpet . Excess moisture did not accumulate on contents . Another nice feature is the clever way the cord wraps up so it does n't catch on things like doorknobs . BEST OF ALL -- we were not schlubbing ice in , nor sloshing water around , nor emptying the cooler daily so it could be refilled , and everything maintained temperature nicely . I 've since purchased another as a gift . Change I would make ? Product is not noisy but I wish it were quieter still .
 I use this for keeping my coffee warm while on the road . I will usually get 3 large containers and keep 2 in the cooler using the heat to keep them hot.I noticed that the containers are wet along with the holders I put inside to hold the containers in place . Not sure why it does this but it does keep the coffee hot for several hours even if you unplug it after a half hour.Other than the moister it works like I wanted .
 This cooler does exactly what advertised . My husband uses it when shopping and camping to keep things cold . When he picks up warmed subs on his way home from work , he uses it to keep them nice and toasty until he gets home . I highly recommend this product !
 The Koolatron Kooler works better than advertised . Used it on my last 3 week vacation and always had cold drinks and snacks when needed . The unit set behind the driver 's seat and was very quiet . In the hotel room you can quiet the fan noise by setting the unit on the carpet . You do need the 120 volt converter for complete coverage . Comes in handy when your home refrigerator quits working .
 This product works very well . I use mine 24/7 and have had no problems . I have left it in my truck for two days without starting the truck . It did n't run down my battery and it maintained temperature . The outside temperature was around 100 degrees . I would and have recomended this product to a friend .
 Fit perfectly behind the front seat of our Cadillac . Cooler did an excellent job of working for our 3 week vacation . Our only disappointment was the directions not specifying that the blue and red dots on the plugs lining up with the arrow decides whether the cooler runs cold or hot . Also , make sure your food is already hot or cold , and the cooler has been running for at least 30 minutes , before placing in cooler .
 This combination cooler/heater is just what I was looking for ! Actually , I 'll probably never use it as a cooler . Moderately filled , it can heat things up to 150F -LRB- measured -RRB- in a few short hours.The only thing keeping me from giving it a full five stars are a few design and manufacturing issues . I do n't really care for the pigtail power receptacle dangling from the unit . A built-in port would 've been nicer , but I can live with it . Overall plastic forming and construction is good , but there was excessive adhesive that had oozed out from the heatsink area . These issues do n't mean this thing wo n't do its job . But it 's possibly something the QC person should take a look at to bring this product to the next level.Regardless , I 'm happy with it . So far it 's holding up to a fair amount of abuse -LRB- including being checked in with with luggage for cross country flights -RRB- . Would I order another if I needed one ? Definitely yes .
 The cooler itself is great . I have had it for over a month now so I ca n't speak to longevity but the short-term experience has been great . I 've used it to store leftovers , I 've used it to keep drinks on shorter outings , and to keep food on longer trips . Here are some ideas to help with different setups : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Use it with a deep cycle battery to keep it running longer , even overnight while stopped at a campsite , hotel , etc. . Personally I would go with one of the Optima YellowTops -LRB- Optima Batteries 8040-218 D35 YellowTop Dual Purpose Battery -RRB- because they are sealed , meaning they have less emissions and can THEORETICALLY -LRB- if you know what you 're doing -RRB- be used in an interior compartment if absolutely necessary . My previous vehicle had one installed in the trunk and my current vehicle had space under the hood . To use it in combination with your existing battery , you could connect both batteries to an isolator likeBlue Sea Systems Solenoid SI Series -LRB- 120A 12/24V ACR -RRB- orNOCO IGD140HP Grey 140 Amp High-Performance Battery Isolatorand you will ensure that your starting battery does n't run down and that your cooler runs your deep cycle battery down entirely and you can still start your vehicle with the other battery . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Instead of the Koolatron battery saver which does not seem to work for a lot of people , wire the Havis ChargeGuard -LRB- an older version is here Chargeguard CG12D -RRB- . Look on eB * y for good deals on that . It will keep more than just your cooler and has some nicer features as well . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Setup in the trunk of an SUV , leave enough room around the vents and tie the back part of it down with an appropriately-sized bungee cord -LRB- with the lid opening facing the back so you can open it normally with the trunk open -RRB- . The bungee cord goes around the back with enough room that it holds tight and does n't fly anywhere . This is what I did , and since the car is more likely to come to a sudden stop rather than an obnoxious start , it never moved . It is hidden , out of sight , and always available to store leftovers after a dinner while you spontaneously shop after dinner until you get home . The bonus side of this is that it is secure but also removable to take with you into a hotel room for instance . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Of course , I have mine plugged into a 12V receptacle that is wired to a switch in the front so while I am driving , if I decide I am going to stop for food that I will want to cool , I can activate it while driving and it will be cool and ready when I need it . Because it is not hardwired directly and still utilizes it 's 12V receptacle , I can still take it with me -LRB- see # 3 above -RRB- . -LRB- 5 -RRB- If you want to use it indoors with 120V power , do n't bother purchasing the overpriced Koolatron adapter , any decent reliable 12V power converter -LRB- at least 5 amps or greater -RRB- will do -LRB- such asWagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power AdapterorSchumacher PC-6 120AC to 6A 12V DC Power Converter -RRB- . I will be using the DC power converter that came with my 5.11 Light For Life -LRB- google it -RRB- . -LRB- 6 -RRB- You can also use this on its side -LRB- without blocking the vents -RRB- so that it opens and stores food almost like a real fridge . It will store leftover containers better this way . Since I mostly store drinks , though , I do n't do this .
 We just arrived home after a 31/2 month road trip . We needed to keep medications and food items refrigerated . This cooler fit between my wheelchair and my husband 's driver 's seat . It worked perfectly the entire trip -LRB- and got some rough handling on bumpy , curvy roads -RRB- . Everything stayed cool and safe . We bought the Koolatron adaptor as well , which we recommend , because you can take it into a motel room & plug it in w/o worry about a room refrig . 's performance . Make sure the BLUE DOT LINES UP WITH ARROW if you use the cooling feature , or vice versa for heating . The swing handle was a great design feature too . We plan on using it for many future holidays !
 Not too complicated . Just make sure you 've got it plugged in the way you want ! Will keep a small amount of food or drinks nice and chilled .
 We bought the Koolatron Kooler a year ago and find it very useful to keep food and drinks cool while traveling.To use this effectively both the cooler and the items to be placed in it should be cool to begin with . The empty unit will cool about 10 degrees an hour to about 40 degrees lower than the ambient temperature around it , and maintain it 's pre-cooled contents at that temperature as long as it powered on . Warm items placed in a warm cooler take much longer to cool , -LRB- the manual says up to 12 hours or longer -RRB- . We purchased the optional AC power adapter , so the night before we leave on a trip we plug the unit in and pre-cool it . The morning we are leaving we load it with a few soda and water bottles that have been cooled in the refrigerator . We also put in 2-4 plastic food containers that have been chilled in the refrigerator . One or more of those we fill with ice . The more space that is filled with cool/cold items the better the cooling process for everything else -LRB- less infiltration of warm air every time the unit is opened , less warm air to cool -RRB- . On our trip we then have cool soda and water to drink , and ice to use with the soda in a cup kept in the cup holder . If we add a room temperature soda or bottle of water the presence of the other cool/cold items filling the rest of the unit together with the action of the unit will cool that within an hour or two.The plastic boxes are mostly for use with `` doggie bag '' contents from restaurant meals . Assuming an ambient temperature around the unit of 75 degrees , if the other contents were already cooled to the 35 degree temperature produced by the 40 degree cooling capacity of the unit , a room temperature container of food will be below 45-50 degrees within a couple of hours . We usually have dinner left overs for lunch the next day , certainly within two days.The unit fits nicely in our sedan behind the drivers seat -LRB- assuming there is no passenger in the back seat that needs that leg room -RRB- and is easily reached from the front passenger seat over the console between the bucket seats.At night we take the unit into our motel room and plug it in with the optional AC power adapter . The unit can not be left plugged in to the cigarette lighter in the car for more than 4 hours or it will run the car battery down.There is an optional battery saver adapter that will shut off the unit if it overtaxes the car battery . -LRB- Buying that is the reason I have returned to this item on Amazon a year later . -RRB- That will allow us to leave the unit plugged in when we leave the car for an indeterminant period of time that could be more than 3-4 hours . But after 4 hours or so the unit will shut off to protect the car battery and the contents will start to warm . So , if it is in a warm place we still ca n't be gone much longer than 4-5 hours if we want to keep food edible.Finally , I keep an ordinary indoor/outdoor thermometer in the unit so that I can tell what the temperature in the unit is and am comfortable that food has not been subjected to temperatures that would make it unsafe to eat . -LRB- I think the manufacturer should build that in to the unit . -RRB-
 After going through a bad experience with trying to buy and then -LRB- in some cases -RRB- buying first a Vector , then a RubberMaid , then a Wagan Tech , and now a Koolatron , I can tell you that it 's a relief to find a well-designed , well-built DC-powered cooler/warmer that actually works ! Our Canadian neighbors to the north have done a great job with this unit.I worried about its 17 '' height and depth , but once it was decided that it was going to live behind the passenger 's front seat , those concerns became non-issues . In fact , its height is a benefit as long as it does n't interfere with the seat back when you lift the lid , as you can reach right in from the driver 's seat and get a can or a sandwich without much effort if you pack it well.I also worried about all the ads that portrayed it as being only a cooler . But after having so much trouble with other companies ' cooler/warmers , I decided to forget warming and bought the Koolatron without it -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . So when the unit arrived -- in its original box , no less -- I was pleased and surprised to see that it warms too ! Excellent combination , since I have consumer-issue MRE 's that I can now warm in it while I use my clumsier -LRB- and larger -RRB- Igloo Cool-Mate unit to cool other things down . And when I 'm not doing that -LRB- like when the world ends or Limerick blows up -RRB- , I can use it in the car as a cooler as I originally planned -- an ideal situation.If you need cooling in the car -- or in an emergency situation -LRB- such as a power outage -RRB- -- for medicines or for food , do n't hesitate to buy this unit . In my opinion , it 's by far the best one out there for its size and price , and I 've seen or tried almost all of them .
 I ordered , as a package , both the P20 Cooler , along with the Koolatron Muti-Purpose Adapter 110VAC to 12VDC , March 10 , 1907 I checked to see both item were in stock , both were.The Cooler arrived promptly on March 16 , 2007 . However , the 110VAC Adapter was back-ordered . With the Adapter on back-order , there was no way to check the Cooler 's function . There was no way to pre-cool the unit , since the recommended time was about 12 hours , and it is not to be powered by vehicle battery for longer than 4 hours without the engine running . Furthermore there was no way to keep the contents cool at night while in the motel room , unless one wanted to let the engine run all night . So for the first 2 months the Cooler was useless!The Adapter finally arrived on May 10 , 2007 , a full two months after the original order was placed . -LRB- This slow delivery is the reason for the 4-stars . -RRB- With the Adapter it was finally possible to test out the unit.The unit was completely empty , outside air temp . was about 80 degrees . I was impressed by the cool-down time ; a little over an hour to reach 40 degrees . Certainly the unit was not pre-cooled enough to fill with food , but the fact that it reached 40 degrees so quickly was encouraging . The adapter is somewhat cumbersome , but is easy enough to use and connect.I have used the unit on several trips and have found it quite adequate , provided items are cold when they are introduced to it . Warm items take forever to cool down ; twelve hours is not usually long enough . While the product may be cool-er it certainly is not cold . Extra frozen ice packs and/or freezer containers filled with frozen water help a great deal . They add extra cold air to the inside of the unit while frozen . Even thawed , they are still maintained at about 40 degrees . They fill up empty space within the unit , a REAL Killer
 Perhaps Koolatron has improved their product , because unlike other postings , my cooler cooled down in several hours , not 12 . My only complaint is a little too noisy , but that is a small price to pay for a reliable product . Also , I do recommend the ac adaptor . My unit is in my room now , buzzing away , keeping stuff cold . I called the company and was told that I can run it forever , there is no shutoff needed.One minor point
 Before a recent road trip we decided to invest in a portable fridge/cooler , which we could use to help us save money on buying milk and other items for our 2 year old . After researching a number of coolers I decided to go with the Koolatron Compact Cooler based on the other reviews.Before embarking on our trip , I pre-cooled the cooler as instructed in the owner 's manual . One thing to keep in mind is that the cooler does NOT come with an adapter , which will allow you to cool the unit outside of a vehicle . I purchased the5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapterand had great success pre-cooling the cooler . The adapter never got really hot even after over 12 hours of being plugged in.I filled the cooler to the max and plugged it in our car . Our road trip lasted over 12 hours and all the items in the cooler remained icy cold . On the trip back home the cooler was empty , so I did n't pre-cool the cooler . However , after making a few stops I had a few items to put in the cooler . After having the cooler plugged in the car for a few hours , without pre-cooling , I felt that the items kept cool enough and eventually became icy cold.The bottom line here is that you probably want to pre-cool the cooler ahead of time , but if you have something already cold you can get away without having to pre-cool . If you are throwing in some items like cans of soda , which are room temperature you definitely want to pre-cool . I only had two minor issues with the cooler , which prevented me from awarding it with 5 stars .1 . As previously mentioned , the cooler does not come with an adapter -LRB- AC -RRB- , which will allow you to power the unit outside of a vehicle . The owner 's manual specifically mentions that you should pre-cool the unit , but if you were to buy the cooler before reading reviews you would not know this bit of information ahead of time . I think Koolatron would be better off increasing the price of the cooler and including the adapter , since most people are going to need to buy this accessory .2 . The fridge is somewhat noisy or at least the fan is anyway . When you are riding in a car the sound is somewhat negligible , but if you are staying in a hotel overnight the sound of the fan spinning may keep you up . I was able to get around this by plugging in the fridge inside the bathroom and closing the door , which muffled the noise to the point where it was not noticeable.Despite the two minor issues I mentioned , I am very happy with the purchase and I would make the same decision if I had to do it all over again .
 My husband and I are over-the-road truck drivers . We keep this cooler in the top bunk which is the hottest part of the truck yet it still does a great job of keeping things cool . The size is perfect for 1/2 gallon cartons or cans of pop stacked two high . My only gripe is a design flaw which does not protect the fan . There is no reinforcement around the fan -LRB- such as styrofoam as in our other cooler -RRB- so if something happens to fall against the fan side of the unit , the fan is prevented from spinning thus burning up the motor . Even holding onto on the fan side in order to move the cooler is enough to stop the fan from turning . Other than that , we are very happy with it .
 This was a fantastic way to keep drinks and other things cold during a recent trip . It is easy to take into the hotels at night and plug into an outlet . It worked flawlessly ! You need to remember that the startup needs to have the pop and other items cold and the kooler needs to be pre-cooled before you put it in the car . It is a must to buy the adaptor to plug into an electrical outlet .
 I just drove from Pennsylvania to oklahoma.It took at least 4-5 hours but my drinks were quite cool.I think it was worth the money .
 The Kooler works great ! Keeps everything icy cold when my husband is on the road . He does n't have to worry about stopping for ice , or having the ice take up so much room in the cooler . We did n't get the adapter , so we just put a bag of ice from our freezer in it the night before he is leaving and it is cold when we are ready to fill it . Very happy with this product .
 This product worked like a charm on our cross country road trip . It fit nicely behind the seat of my car and kept water , soda cans , and leftover food cold as we drove from the East Coast to the West and back over a period of 3 weeks . I also bought the Wagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter , which allowed me to take the cold drinks from the car and plug them into the outlet in hotels and friend 's homes . It is a good size and fit our needs perfectly . No need for ice with this .
 We took this cooler on our 17 day road trip . It plugged into the back outlet on our van and easily fit between the seats . Because we were skeptical , we put a indoor/outdoor thermostat in it to make sure it worked consistently . The temp directly under the lid was warmer than the rest of the cooler so we learned to stack the things that need to keep the coolest on the bottom and things like water bottles near the top . We tried to open the cooler as little as possible while driving to maximize the efficiency . Because our van outlets do not run when the engine is off , we would ice the cooler on the days it would have to sit a few hours -LRB- we packed ziploc bags and used hotel ice -RRB- . We were able to pack lunch meat , cheese , jelly and other lunch goods for the whole trip without any concerns . We also purchased the adapter so we could plug the cooler into a regular outlet in the hotel room -LRB- in case there was n't a frig or to cool it down before we headed out on the road . Since many of our road trip restaurant meals cost $ 80 - $ 100 , this cooler paid for itself by enabling us to brown bag many lunches while on the road . Our only issue was not realizing how easy it was to accidentally plug in the cord the wrong way and heat instead of cool . This happened twice on our trip , but we caught it before anything was ruined . The cord has a blue dot and a red dot on either side of the plug , but both were nearly rubbed off by the time we got home . There is a raised letter on each side as well . That 's just not as easy to see . Even still , we are glad we bought this cooler and will definitely get much use out of it .
 This item worked well for a cross country trip . With the additional adapter -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- I was able to take the cooler into the hotel room and plug it in for continued use . The demensions work well for placement behind and between the front seats of my Toyota truck that has an extended cab . Great for sandwich making stuff , sodas , and the all important beer after a long day on the road .
 Update 1 -LRB- see initial impressions below -RRB-
 The Kolatron Compact Kooler worked so well on our trip from Texas to Ohio and back . Kept our water and soda 's really cold . Wo n't go on a trip without it .
 As I 'm a traveling medical professional , I travel in many different climates . I originally bought this cooler for it 's heating capabilities since I do a lot of traveling in colder climates . I can put in soup , or any other meal item and it stays warm and ready the entire trip . Since it 's in the 80-90 's , it has been a great cooler for beverages . Another idea is to turn it on it 's side for transporting casseroles -LRB- warm -RRB- or pies -LRB- cool -RRB- . Great item , not sure why I waited so long to purchase ?!!
 We bought this cooler as a supplemental refrigerator in our RV for fresh produce & milk . We paired this with the Wagan 5Amp AC to 12VDC power adapter . Since it cools by a fixed degree below surrounding temperature , we ran it during the daytime heat to keep produce cool , then unplugged it at night so it did n't freeze . It worked as described , exactly what we need . The fan noise is not loud , about the same as a small electric space heater . We have only used it with the Wagan power adapter so far . The power adapter got warm , about the same as a laptop adapter , but not hot like some others have described . We would recommend both these products .
 This is my second Koolatron cooler . I purchased this one for its smaller size . Have been on two trips where unit has run for several days . Works great and keeps items cool . It is very portable .
 BOUGHT THIS COOLER AFTER READING MANY REVIEWS ON OTHER PRODUCTS.I USE THIS IN MY BIG RIG ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT SOMETIMES.HAD ONLY ABOUT A WEEK , I CAN SAY ITS WORKING GREAT SO FAR , DRINKS N SANDWICHES ARE KEPT NICE N COOL AND FRESH.IT DOES COME WITH CAR CHARGER WHICH IS NOT SHOWN ON THE PICTURES . THE MOTOR IS VERY QUITE AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY NOISE.WILL ADD MORE REVIEWS LATER ON WITH MORE USAGE . !!!!!! UPDATE !!!! BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR ALMOST A YEAR FROM DATE OF PURCHASE , I USED THIS EVERY DAY IN THE SUMMER IN MY BIG RIG HERE IN CALIFORNIA WORKED GREAT , UNTIL ABOUT THE 10TH MONTH THE COOLER WOULDNT COOL ANY MORE BUT THE FAN WAS WORKING , I CALLED KOOLATRON DIRECT AND I WAS DISAPPOINTED WITH THE $ 50 I HAD TO SPEND TO SEND THIS BACK TO THEM IN NEW YORK , BUT HOWEVER THEY DID SEND ME A NEW COOLER AFTER ABOUT 3 WEEKS WHEN I SENT THEM THE OLD ONE BACK.BUT I THINK HEY SHOULD PAY FOR SHIPPING TO THEM WITH IN THE 1 YEAR MANUFACTURE WARRANTY .
 Worked like a charm for a 2 hour road trip and a week in a motel . The adapter -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- was a handy accessory to transition from car to outlet . No problems whatsoever . Highly recommended !
 Works fine when you run overnight before plugging in . Converter a must . One trip and it worked fine in car and hotel room . Did add a couple of freeze blocks as insurance but worked fine without .
 I ordered the Koolatron to carry my yogart , protein power drink and insulin on long travels . I commute 32 miles one way to the office and it keeps my lunch fresh . Remember though that your items should be cold already or from the fridge . It definitely does and job and fits nicely in my vehicle .
 We bought it to use on our sailboat so that we did not have to open the Ice Chest on Hot Days to remove luncheon meat or a drink . We use it with the AC/DC converter so that we use it mostly in port . -LRB- Do n't like to use batteries when under sail . -RRB- My wife feels that it works fine providing you cool it down well before using it .
 Ordered this in a hurry for a roadtrip . Placed order at 4 pm . Item was at my door at 10 am next morning ! Outstanding service/delivery . Cooler looks spacious and well made . Minor disappointment is the lack of 110 volt AC adapter . Out of the box it only works in the car . Overall , very pleased with item and speed of delivery .
 I have not used the Koolatron Cooler much , but so far it is working well . It appears decently made and I was happy with it for the price .
 I do n't know how this got on my list of things to review . I have never owned one . I do have two other Koolatron coolers , and they are great . One is over 30 years old and still going . I gave this a 5 star rating because Koolatron makes 5 star products .
 The Koolatron works very well . It cools drinks as expected and works quietly . My only complaint , thus far , is that I wish the product had an on/off switch . As it stands , it 's either plugged in and working ... or not . In order to change from cooling to heating , the plug must be reversed . Its a bit inconvenient to have to reach to the back seat to unplug it or change it from cool to heat or vice versa . A relatively simple addition of a switch would make the product nearly perfect .
 Works much better than the previous one that we had . On the trip from Washington to Arizona all our items stayed very cool .
 I bought this cooler for an extended vacation knowing some of our hotels would not have refrigerators . It worked perfectly and I did not have to throw out uneaten food . It ' e the perfect size for two people on the road . I also purchased the adapter which allowed me to plug it in to hotel sockets . I did use `` blue ice '' in it when I could . Very versatile !!
 Yes it does work as it says ! Used it for 48 hours and kept it all cold!Perfect for behind a seat of car . Seems worth the price .
 i have an extra deep cycle battery that i ran it off of and it drained it in no time so make sure to use it when actually driving
 On the road from wisconsin to florida 2to3 times a year , had for 3 years now , and works good , I would buy it again
 We bought this for an 8 hour road trip to store milk and snacks for our kid . It works really well and cools to 40 degrees below ambient temperatures . We even bought the `` Wagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter '' to plug in the fridge when we got to the hotel .
 The koolatron compact kooler is an excellent cooler , we went on a overnight trip to the Grand Canyon and used it . After cooling it down in the house before we left with the converter then loading it up and putting it in the car , it held the temp at 40 degrees . In the motel we used the converter -LRB- a must -RRB- to keep it cool worked perfect !!!!!
 So far so good ! Used it on a couple of 4-5 hour trips so far . Pre - chilled cooler then put items in cold and they stayed cold the whole trip . Actually fit a whole gallon of milk and a 1/2 gallon of juice with room for a bunch of smaller things up top -LRB- yogurts and a few bottles of water -RRB- Surprised by that ! I also bought the adapter plug to use when we arrived at our destination to keep it cool for the next days trip . Its quiet and a good shape . Fit nicely in between seats in out mini van . Overall very satisfied with our purchase . Accidentally plugged it in the wrong direction and ended up pre - heating instead of pre - cooling and I was very surprised by how hot it got . That would be great for transporting hot foods . Only thing I would like is if it had a latch to hold the lid down other than that I would definitely buy again .
 I purchased my first Koolatron product about 10 yrs ago . It was a larger 2 compartment fridge-style that I would stand verticle along with horizontal . It was great during our camping trips ; but I wanted something smaller to use while I was working during the day.I purchased this Compact Koolatron , and used it for 3 yrs in hot , humid , sunny Florida in the summer , where the tropics are unbearable . I always unplugged it , so it never did affect my battery life on any of my vehicles . It kept my lunches and drinks cool while I left my car to attend to my sales appointments . I would bring it in every evening , plug it into my wall outlet with the adapter , and refill the cooler each morning with my lunch that cooled in the fridge . I would keep my lunch inside one of those insulated lunch bags and my water bottles outside of it , with a small blue ice bag to add extra chilling.A couple of times I forgot to bring the cooler in at night , and put my lunch directly into the cooler that had been warmed from the hot , Florida sun . It took some time for the cooler to get cold ; so I would not recommend leaving the cooler in the car overnite during the summer heat.I absolutely regret selling both my Koolatrons ; it IS a great product , and that is why I am shopping once again for the identical Koolatron I used 5 days/wk for 3 yrs ; and also the adapter . -LRB- By the way ; I found the adapter at Sam 's for $ 23 !! Amazon 's lowest price is $ 38 !! -RRB- Yes , I did read a few negative comments here ; but I guess every company puts out a few lemons here and there . Humans are perfect ; even in the assembly lines . I 'm grateful that my two Koolatrons were wonderful !
 the cooler was delivered in just a few days . it fits perfectly between the seats of my minivan and behind the passenger seat of my sedan . it 's a bit noisy to operate in the house , but the noise is completely drowned out at highway speeds in a car . it is a good size and keeps things cool for quite a while even when the car is turned off .
 Works just like it said it would . other reviews helped me choose this over a different one . Thanks
 We had a full size Coleman electric cooler , but thought a smaller size cooler would be better for our planned road trip . We purchased the Koolatron P20 18 quart cooler . We just returned from our 5 week trip , and are pleased with the cooler , which ran the entire time . It fits nicely behind the front seat of our car , and the sound is not bothersome . The size and well-designed handle makes it very easy to carry into the motel room at night . The top opening lid is handy to reach into from the front seat of the car . We like the fact it is made in North America -LRB- Canada -RRB- . It did run for up to 4 hours when we were away from the car and the car still started , but we forgot to unplug it one night , and it did totally run down the battery.Accessories :110 volt power supply is great accessory . We plugged the cooler into the motel room or friends house most nights . We did use the Coleman power supply we already had without problemsRadio Shack indoor/outdoor thermometer is another great accessory . We attach the thermometer to the outside of the cooler or car seat with double sided tape and run the wire and probe to the inside of the cooler . This gives a reading for both car and cooler temperature.Koolatron Battery Saver did not work for us . We purchased this accessory after our return home because of the dead battery incident . Although we already knew the car would still start after 4 hours , this is probably too long . We wanted to keep the cooler running for stops on the next road trip , but to shut off before the battery got too low . We tried 2 of these units in 4 different cars , and the greatest time the battery saver would allow the cooler to run was about 4 minutes after shutting off the car engine . We did discuss this issue with Koolatron customer service , but did n't come up with a satisfactory solution . We did like the fact that Koolatron does have someone to talk to without a long wait , which is rare today .
 I recently purchased one of these coolers and am very pleased with how well it worked , as quiet as a whisper . The power consumption is reasonable . If battery drain is a concern , once the Koolatron is cold you can unplug it for a while and it will stay cool for quite some time.The only thing I had to watch out for was that it froze my soda pop because I used it in a cool environment when it should have been switched off . Only the things in the very bottom of the cooler froze . Everything else was just fine.The Koolatron is attractive with contemporary colors - white , beige , and grey . It 's slender rectangular profile is proportioned for pop or beer cans to fit perfectly . It 's a well thought out product worth what they are asking for it . Cool stuff.Overall , I am very happy with this purchase and am excited that I finally have a safe means for storing food in my camper van .
 The only downside to this cooler , that is perfect for travel , is the exorbitant price increase recently . Up until a month ago , the 110volt adaptor was included in Amazon 's price of $ 110.00 Surely it could n't have gone up 30 % overnight . Shame on you .
 Purchased this cooler two years ago and have been very pleased . Have taken it on auto trips and on the train . Be sure to buy the AC/DC adapter . It is well worth the money .
 Item arrived in good time . Planning 3000 mi . trip . Will be put to the test . Have used it as recommended in instructions and worked fine . Fan very quiet , nice fit behind seat , filled with 24 cans of pop that had been refriged and they stayed cold after 2hr . drive , and still cold in morning after sitting overnight with power off . I give this cooler a A + on function , have not tried the heat mode yet , maybe next winter .
 We bought this cooler to keep baby formula cool while traveling on vacation . Turned out to be very handy in the car and in the hotel room -LRB- Using the power adapter -RRB- . Besides the baby food , we were able to sneak in six cans of pop , several juice bottles , oranges and grapes , and my favorite , a tall bottle of wine ! All with some room to spare . Great product ! Did exactly what they said it would do .
 I have used this knife for at least two years and consider it the perfect knife for almost all fruits and vegetables . It is sharp and one must use caution when using , but that is not a problem . I would like to give this knife as a gift to several members of my family . Too bad it 's been discontinued . C.M. Hall
 I 've used this knife for over 2 years now and ca n't imagine what I used to do without it . I feel very comfortable with the grip and the serrated edge works very well with smooth veggies like peppers . I have skinny/weak wrists and this knife feels substantial without being heavy and cumbersome . A + +
 I bought this press last year and used it to press 7 bushels of tomatoes that I purchased from a nearby farm . It was my first tomato press , but I have some experience using an older one at my boyfriend 's house , who 's been pressing tomatoes since he was young - as a yearly tradition . This press was much more efficient -LRB- made significantly less waste -RRB- than the older one . The motor worked well , and it got through the seven bushels fairly fast without making too much of a mess -LRB- we were careful of course -RRB- . It 's only flaw as far as I can tell , is that the entrance at the top where the tomatoes go in is a bit too small , so almost all of the tomatoes we had needed to be cut in half before putting them into the press . We had medium sized roma tomatoes , and so far as I can tell , this would be true for most types with the exception of cherry tomatoes . With that said , I definitely plan on using it again next year , and I think it was well worth the cost . If you 're considering getting one of the hand crank ones , I would strongly advise against it , and recommend this one instead , since it would save you a lot of effort , especially for bigger jobs .
 After years of straining tomatoes manually , this strainer made the job that much easier . As with almost anything you purchase the first time we used the machine it took a little effort to make sure it was working correctly . The second time we used it things went smoothly . We made over 70 jars this year & it was a smooth operation .
 this is my second spremy tomato strainer , liked mine so much , i bought another for my daughter-in-law , she loves hers also .
 Love it for making spaghetti sauce , chili/enchilada base , tomato juice , etc. , in home canning . It is easy setup , diassembly and cleaning .
 This product arrived within 2 days of ordering . I put it to the test that evening . I was amazed at the amount of tomatos that could be processd into sauce in so little time . I saved about 3 hours of prep time in the processing with the Spremy Electric Tomato Strainer . Clean up was completed in 20 minutes , break done was simple . I made 12 quarts of sauce that evening . I am amazed with my Spremy Electric Tomato Strainer and recommend it to any person that does alot of tomato sauce .
 I 've had this model for a few years now and I 'm still amazed how effortless it is to crank out multiple of pounds of strained vegetable matter . I 've used this machine for making everything from applesauce to processing chili pods to , well , tomatoes . I used to use a hand crank Foley-style food mill , but this thing does in under ten minutes what would take me over an hour to do by hand . Clean-up is a snap - I hand wash the parts though I 'm sure they 're all dishwasher safe -LRB- not the motor base , of course -RRB- . I 'm confused by one reviewer 's comment that the auger screw is plastic and that it would bind up . Mine is metal and the motor seems to have plenty of power to smash everything through .
 I love Star Wars so I like this lunch box . I have to use a different lunch box though if my mom packs a Lunchable because it 's too big for the Star Wars lunch box because it 's small but I like it because it has Darth Vadar on the front ! My mom said it 's too small .
 I love that you can put cold things on top and the things you do n't want crushed -LRB- chips -RRB- , or smushed -LRB- cakes -RRB- in the provided container in the bottom portion of the lunch kit . Overall we are very happy with this lunch box . Thanks .
 this lunch box is just the right size for an eight year boy to take to school . it fits in his bookbag . it is easy to open and close . i would recommend it highly .
 It was nice to go on-line and get this product before school started . None of our local retailers had it in stock .
 This star wars dual compartment lunch kit is awesome . The plastic conatiner that comes with it is perfect . It was so nice that we just ordered another one for our 3 yr old that is starting daycare .
 I got this as a sort of `` extra '' frig for drinks in the summer . However , it freezes up easily and ca n't be adjusted for temperature . It is lightweight and portable , working well for a drink chest for parties.Also , the plug in that comes with it was missing . It only plugs into a car outlet -- I had to buy the adapter to use it in the house.Given the choice , I 'd probably go with a small refrig that adjusts temperature . However , again , I like the portability of this product .
 WE GOT INTO THE TRANSPORTATION BUSINESS AND NEEDED A SMALL FRIDGE TO KEEP DOWN THE COST OF FOOD . . WE HAVE USED THIS KOOLATRON ALMOST STEADY FOR A MONTH NOW . IT KEEPS ON GOING . THE ONLY THING BETTER WOULD BE IF IT WAS VERSITLE TO PLUG INTO CAR AND HOME . WE BOUGHT AN ADAPTER TO TAKE IT INTO MOTELS AND SUCH TO BE ABLE TO TURN OFF THE VEHICLE . . WE JUST LOVE IT THOUGH . WE RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY .
 Used this on my road trip , it did great keeping all my food and drinks cold . Even when driving through the hot desert of 90 degree weather , it did cool down below 40 degrees from outside temperature , so it was 50 degrees inside cooler for our food . Warmer does great , can use up to 4 hrs maximum . Either cooler or warmer , plug into 12v lighter when car is running or will drain your car battery . It stays cool when at picnic and can not plug cooler in.Only concern is when fans running , its loud inside the car . When driving the road noise blends it out . After awhile you do n't even think about it . Not too bulky in the backseat . Easily used seat belts to help hold it down when driving , such as around corners . Greatly recommend this cooler/warmer . My friend had a different brand and did n't work well . This one is a great portable fridge . Plus bought adapter from Amazon.com to use at hotel rooms , plug right in to wall outlet .
 I was very impressed with this little refrigerator , my sister put one in her guest room and I found it so Comforting , A LUXURY for me , because I did not have to disturb anyone for a cool glass of juice or late night snack.I decided then that I would get one for my Guest room too . I like to entertain and I think having this is definitely a courtesy to guests.Highly recommended for this purpose .
 I have used several 12v coolers over the years , but this is the best of them . Large enough to hold a couple of bottles of wine , numerous soda 's , etc. . The dividers help , and the split top allows you to open only half or all of the top , minimizing temperature changes.Like all 12v units , the unit is only so-so at either cooling or heating stuff ... you need to put items in the unit at or near the temperature you want to maintain . Do n't expect any 12v unit to do all the work . However , this one does a great job of keeping things at the temperature you put them in . It 's well insulated for hot or cold . No switches , either ... just reverse the polarity on the plug -LRB- marked very well with either a red or blue dot -RRB- and the unit cools or warms as you wish . You can hear the fan running , but it 's quieter than other units I 've used.For the size , effectiveness and reliability , this is money well spent .
 Road trip to Detroit . Used it as mini fridge in the hotel room .12 hrs hooked up to the car on my return . Stayed cool . Some water bottles actually froze.Takes a few hours to cool down but as previously suggested placing at least room temperature items in will speed up cool down process.Only snag was however to pay additonal for home adaptor . Should come with product . Otherwise 5 stars .
 . . and maybe a little too cold . The latches are junk , the lock barely works . This sucker gets cold though , and hot too . Just be sure to check the size , it is big and I had a little trouble fitting it where I wanted too .
 I purchased this Kooler for camping trips . I received it intact , but when attempting to open the unit I tried to slide the black clasp and it cracked immediately and would not allow the lid to open . I , finally , had to just pull the black clasp off the unit and now I use the unit leaving the doors facing upward . The interior size is good and served my needs for a 5 day trip . It kept drinks and food items cold even when disconnected from 12v outlet for several hours .
 ... would have been a ' 5 ' with either lower price or noted ` option ' that is really important . my second one and very handy for my trips . great delivery
 The product gets 5 stars , but I give the packaging/shipping 1 star . I have received both my original order -LRB- dented -RRB- and replacement order -LRB- broken plastic hinge -RRB- with damages during shipping due to inappropriate packaging . It 's such a great product too , in my opinion . I 've returned both to Amazon and awaiting full refund .
 I bought this on impulse two years ago for our annual two-day road trip to south Utah . It worked beautifully not only keeping our drinks and snacks cool on the road , but as a mini-fridge in our motel rooms at night and during our stay . Now I use it for all our road trips , short and long and even use it when shopping for frozen/perishable food items in the summer time . I love that valuable cooler `` real estate '' is n't taken up with ice packs , and that I do n't have to remember to freeze said ice packs prior to leaving . I do wish the unit included the household adapter , but that is an additional -LRB- and imho worthwhile -RRB- purchase . It is designed to used as a chest or upright unit and comes with two adjustable shelves that work with either orientaion . I find if I plug the unit in the night before our trip , it is well cooled and ready to go the next morning . It is also well insulated , so if you need to unplug it for any reason , it keeps items cold for several hours - great for an outdoor picnic . I would make this purchase again and recommend it to my friends .
 I drive truck for a living and this cooler does a great job . I would highly recommend this cooler
 I read all the reviews before purchasing . I must assume Koolatron read them too because my product arrived in tact ; no hinge or other issues . It works great ! I purchased the AC outlet at the same time , and many kudos to all of you who made my buying experience pleasurable . Let 's keep writing reviews of our purchases because it really helps . Thanks !
 This is the second P-65 Koolatron Kargo cooler we have owned and we have been very pleased with the cooler . We use it in our Class B RV and use it on DC power when traveling and use the adapter when parked and plugged into AC . It keeps the temperature as advertised .
 this kooltron cooler works great took a one month vacation with it and it kept all are drinks water fresh fruit and sandwiches that the wife made for the trip cool . and when we stayed in hotels just used the ac adapter which i also purchased from amazon and it also works well . i am a dieabetic and the cooler kept my insulin at the proper temperature even when we traveled thru arizona and the grand canyon would recoomened the kooltron cooler it 's the bomb !
 FULL cooler = COLD items!Mostly EMPTY cooler = items not nearly as cold!Use it wisely and be super happy with it ! -LRB- See below -RRB- This is a pretty handy little plug-in cooler . I was reluctant to buy it because of some comments that it does n't get very cold , but there were enough positive reviews that I decided to take a chance . I 'm glad I did.How cold the cooler will keep your stuff depends on how much you have in it and what you have in it . Firstly , make sure stuff is cold when you put it in . This is not a heavy duty fridge like you have in your kitchen ... nor is the price . So if you use it as intended , you will be happy.Secondly , how much you put in it will affect performance . If you only have a handful of things in it , it has a hard time maintaining a colder temp . So if you need to only refrigerate a few things ... easy solution ... put a gallon jug of COLD water in it along with the stuff you need to keep cold and it will maintain a colder temp much more easily . When I have lots of solid mass stuff in it like cans of soda , everything in it is super cold . When I have stuff like pasta -LRB- airy -RRB- & cold cuts and cheese and lots of free space , it has a harder time keeping the temp down in the exact same environment.Bottomline ... . it 's a great product for what it is & how it 's intended to be used . If you use it `` smart '' , following notations by the manufacturer , it wo n't disappoint . If you expect it to do something it 's not designed to do -LRB- keep things cool while mostly empty inside -RRB- you WILL be disappointed ... it 's not designed to work well like that ... put a COLD gallon jug of water in it to solve this issue , or a couple of COLD 2L bottles of pop . But keep it fuller as the emptier it gets the warmer your stuff will be .
 Just used this Cooler on a 2 week camping trip - it worked great in car and with adapter on electric in our camper . Nice not to have to buy ice . Also it fits more without the need for ice . The only minor drawback is the constant low noise level of the fan blower .
 The cooler appears to keep contents at approximatly 40 degree F when hooked up in home setting.The only drawback I have noticed on design is that the unit requires space above the door where cooling unit is located in order to properly vent . When I purchased the unit I thought the refrigerator workings were mounted on the side and the unit would vent to the side.This just means I have to be sure and have clearance above the door when using as a chest type cooler .
 I have now used this cooler for two road trips , and it performed perfectly . It is quite lightweight , and easy to carry into a hotel room at night . You can hear the fan running when the car is stopped , otherwise , the fan noise is masked by road noise . When I leave it plugged in in a hotel room , I put it in the bathroom so the fan is less noticeable . On a recent trip , we left it running in the hotel room non-stop for ten days , and had no trouble with overheating . After running that long , there was some moisture inside due to condensation , but not enough to cause any problems . I recommend purchasing the AC adapter -LRB- to pre-cool the unit before a trip and using it in hotel rooms -RRB- , along with the battery saver for the car . -LRB- And one of our cats loves to sleep in the shipping box ! -RRB-
 Be careful to notice in which direction you insert the plug . One direction provides heat , the other cool air . I suffered the loss of some really good food for not knowing that I was warming , not cooling , my food on a 12-hour trip . Other than that , it was wonderful .
 I have been using this for my boat when going fishing . Works great , just have to keep an eye on the battery or run the boat every couple hours to keep battery up if you do n't have a large enough battery . We have used it in the car for trips and while in hotel/motel if no fridge . Works great even on warm days . Have not used the hot storage feature yet . Some tips
 Hey you never know if there is NO power , you can still power this puppy off your car/track battery . Awesome !
 Came quickly and was priced very reasonable . Came with a broken hinge . Took a while to get replacement . In the mean time I made one out of a piece of copper tubing and shaped it to the same size as the plastic piece . Even after I got the new plastic one , I liked mine better and left it on . Have had no problems with it . We mount in on the back seat or in the back with suitcases and strap it in place . DO NOT leave it running if you are going to be stopped for more than 3 or 4 hours as it does draw down the battery and could leave you stranded . -LRB- I did it once after getting home , so it was not a problem as I have a charger -RRB- It keeps items cold -LRB- even froze some water bottles in the bottom . Has the usual fan noise , nothing I ca n't live with.I would recommend this item .
 I gave this ` Kooler ' 5 stars because it is light weight and works as needed -LRB- keeps your stuff cold and prevents spoilage -RRB- . I have n't used the warm function yet . It 's great for travel as you can use it while travelling and then bring it into the hotel room to enhance your stay .
 this is perfect for trips . got this as a gift for someone going on a long trip . it came in very handy for them and allows people to save money becase they can keep things in this
 I was in a Crate and Barrel outlet this weekend . They had this knife in the clearance section for $ 2.95 . Not really knowing anything about it , I purchased it . $ 2.95 for a paring knife , well , why not ? It is a nice bright color , and looked sharp.Now , having done my research , I realized it was a GREAT bargain . I 've used it a few times , and I am absolutely thrilled with it 's wonderul quality . The blade is fine and sharp . It fits well in the hand . A great little knife!I am kicking myself for not buying more . If there is a Crate and Barrel outlet by you , check out their clearance section . It was quite a find !
 We use these knives daily in our kitchen prep ... everything from veggies , fruits , salads , etc. - we are constantly using them and bought more in different colors . We actually have a very high end kitchen knife set in a butcher block - and we use these little kitchen aids more often . Very good for all your kitchen chopping needs .
 I have wanted one of these for a long time , after seeing them featured in all manner of magazines . I almost made the purchase here , but found the shipping cost to be nearly as expensive as the knife itself . I found one at Sur La Table and I love it . If you can afford the shipping , or have other items in your order then this is a great product . I especially like the bright colors and the convenient blade cover which makes the knife drawer safe and great to take on the go for lunch or picnics .
 I originally picked up one of these in William 's Sonoma , despite my skepticism on the cost . I mean , how good can a $ 10 knife really be ? Well , it was good enough for me to want to get another one , and then another one . It is my go-to paring knife . It 's sharp , it 's functional , and it looks nice too . You can definitely cut fruits and veggies with ease for quite a long time , as the knife does n't dull quickly . I will continue to buy this knife .
 A wonderful product . The price was the same as I could find in a store in town , but if you bought several knives , and willing to wait , you save on taxes . Given these as gifts and no one has ever been disappointed .
 Well , it actually seldom makes it to the drawer . We just use it for everything . Great little paring/utility knife . I keep it sharpened with a diamond stone , a new , easy one -LRB- Mcgowan Diamondstone 2-Stage Knife Sharpener on Amazon , but we bought it locally -RRB- . My wife , who has bad arthritis , likes its light weight . And the scabbard is good for those times when it does end up in the drawer.Oh . And it 's orange , so it 's easy to spot .
 I 've used these knives for years for camping , fishing & hunting since the bright colors make the knives difficult to lose . They are razor sharp , and hold an edge well despite the tough use I put them through . I 've had quite a few friends as ` Where did you get this &#34; after they tried them out.The only thing keeping me from giving this product 5 stars is that one of the knives I bought the blade was slightly longer than the plastic sheath . In the original packaging , the blade and sheath are separate . When I put the two together , the blade poked out the end of the sheath . Not a huge deal , but I was a bit surprised to see this coming from Kuhn Rikon .
 The first one I bought from Amazon is purple which I keep at my place at the table as my own special knife to use while eating or even when slicing through mailing tape on a package . I bought a second one for use in the kitchen , for dicing and slicing vegetables to be eaten raw or to be cooked . They stay sharp forever and are so cute ! -LRB- yes , a cute knife -RRB- And I love that the knife has a sheath .
 This makes the 4th one of these I have - they are great ! They knife is very comfortable to use . Be very careful when using because they are very , very sharp .
 I bought this knife on a whim , since I love anything to do with cooking . Little did I know that it would turn out to be my most trusted implement in the entire kitchen . The bright color took a little bit of getting used to , but in fact it 's a strength because it makes the knife easier to find whether it 's in a drawer or on the counter/cutting board . This knife 's greatest asset , however , is its fantastic sharpness . I cook virtually every day and it 's still going strong after two years . My brother is also an enthusiastic home chef and he enjoys the one I gave him for Christmas just as much as I do . Do yourself a favor and buy one ; also do your cooking friends a favor and get them one as a stocking stuffer or Arbor Day present !
 These knives are sharp ! Nothing like a bright color to brighten up your drawers . Brand new knife - came in original package . You can never have too many of these wonderful knives !!!
 use this little orange beauty every day , it is the go to knife for mestays sharp , comes in colors making it easy to see on the countertop
 I now have five of these because I buy them whenever I see them at `` discount stores '' . I love them but be forewarned they are SHARP - as they should be . I have the scars on my fingers to prove it ! But they make kitchen chopping and dicing a breeze .
 Great paring knife to bring to work if you need to cut anything up there , like fruit - wo n't make anyone blink or freak out about you bringing a knife to work -LRB- people get touchy about that , but sometimes you just need to cut something up ! -RRB- , since its bright color makes it look non-threatening and even like it 's plastic . Plus its color matches nicely with a Sigg aluminum lunch box , or whatever bright happy lunchbox you might have . I have not noticed any rusting , and it seems to have held its edge well -LRB- although I use it mostly as an occasional knife rather than as an everyday knife -RRB- .
 This is my lunch box knife , and it is perfect ! It is also a super chopper at home .
 These paring knives are the greatest little knives I 've ever used and I work in a kitchen . Great deal for the price . Even have they 're own little safety holder . I ca n't say enough about them . Try one you wo n't be sorry but becareful because they are sharp .
 This knife is fabulous . For less than $ 10 you can use these anywhere from the tackle box to the kitchen . Extremely sharp !
 Not only is this knife a sharp color but it is also has a very sharp blade . This has become my favorite knife . The guard is nice for storing or if you need to take this knife with you . I have actually bought 3 other knives like this for friends .
 The Kuhn Rikon Nonstick Paring Knife is a very good value for a quality knife . We own several of these knives in different colors for use at home and in our shop . The different colors allow us keep the ones we use to cut materials in our workshop from accidentally being used for food products.The blade is * VERY * sharp and holds it 's edge very nicely . The nonstick coating on the blade is a real plus as it helps to keep the knife clean as well as to keep it moving through thicker items . The snug fitting plastic sheath is a welcome addition to safely store or transport the knife.My only complaint is the light feel of the plastic handle . It is n't flimsy exactly , just lacks heft . This might just be a personal preference issue and it has n't stopped me from buying more of them.Overall this is a very good paring knife at a reasonable price.Recommended!CFH
 Pretty pretty knife . Available in 6 attractive colors . The knife 's non-stick surface coating is a clever idea . The coating helps to make the blade glide with less effort ; it seems that the blade is super sharp because of this . Perfect size for peeling fruits.It comes with its own sheath that is useful if you bring the knife with you . Kuhn Rikon is a Switzerland brand , the knife is made in China . This is ten bucks at the time of the review . This is my favorite knife that I bring to my work .
 I got this knife as a bridal shower gift and I love it ! I bring it to work with me for my lunches when I pack chicken or fruit like apples . It works amazingly well and the fact that it has a cover makes it convenient to just pop into my lunch box !
 I purchased this product recently to take on a 4500 mile road trip . My car has two 12V accessory outlets which are fused with a single 15A fuse . I was planning to run the GPS unit from one and the Koolatron from the other . The first problem surfaced when I discovered that the 12V plug would not stay plugged in to the outlet ; the spring clips on the side were set back about 1/4 '' relative to those on the GPS 12V plug ; this forced the plug out of the outlet . When I held the plug in , it then blew the fuse twice . Koolatron seems willing to work with me on the plug size issue - they claim they use industry standard , but they do recommend using a cigarette lighter outlet -LRB- more power -RRB- . Nothing in the Koolatron literature indicated that it drew above 5A , so the fuse issue is still a question . Since we could not cool during the road travel , we religiously took the cooler into the hotel room and cooled overnight using the AC adapter . This worked very well , just a little noisy unless we could keep it in the bathroom and close the door . The big problem I noticed is that the insulation capacity must not be very high , since during the day -LRB- when we could n't run off 12V -RRB- the inside of the cooler warmed up significantly . I suspect the problem is that the cooling fan port is a direct inlet to the interior , making heat exchange with the external environment easy and faster than a normal cooler . The lid design , handles , and wheels are very functional . Hopefully I 'll get my two issues solved and then be able to use this as intended .
 Not only was I very pleased with the performance of the cooler-it kept the temperature of the contents in the high thirty 's or lower forty 's -LRB- depending on the outside temperature -RRB- . However , one disappointment-the first time I used the cooler I noticed the hinges on the larger door were broken/cracked . I do n't know if this was received as damaged or we broke them on our first trip using the cooler . I received a set of replacement hinges within three days after I contacted Koolatron customer service . Their service and support is great and they were very pleasant to work with . All in all , I do not regret making this purchase .
 I really like this product . Having it do hot and cold is a great feature . It gets pretty cold -LRB- have n't used the hot yet -RRB- and it is very quiet . Capacity is good . I would recommend buying the AC adapter to that you can pre-cool and pre-heat it prior to a road trip . The little door is great for quick access . I have n't needed to use it like a mini-fridge yet but it 's good to know that it 's possible . Good bang for the buck .
 Good product , reasonable price . Have only used the cooler , not the warmer feature , but it worked as promised .
 Sweet ... prompt delivery ... everything intact ... works as advertised ... what more can one ask for ?
 We purchased this for traveling , and the first time I used it , I plugged it in upside down and got heated food instead of cooled , so be very careful . Otherwise , it is great for long trips .
 I have two of these on my sail boat . I use one for cold drinks and the other for refrigerated foods . Food items that will go bad quickly if unrefrigerated will last a long time in this unit . These have kept items from spoiling for many months . And they will keep frozen food items frozen long enough for your picnic or other one day events .
 I love the product , but was so terribly disappointed in Amazon and their service ... or lack thereof . It was a horrible experience with lie after shipping date lie . I did n't end up receiving my product in time for the event I 'd ordered it for - my parent 's anniversary - thus missing the opportunity to give it to them in time for their big trip they were embarking on . All in all , it was devastating .
 I received the item within the expected time period and in good condition .
 I bought this kit primarily for the fork tools . The metal ` cracker ' tools are not my favorite and I have bought some soft handled cracking tools at my local supermarket -LRB- Goodcook brand -RRB- that I like much better . The fork / picking tools are excellent however . I think perhaps other places have these sort of tools -LRB- maybe Crate and Barrel ? -RRB- but I did not have the time to run around looking . I bought this kit for a ` steamed crab leg ' party I hosted . The picking tools are well made and do a great job . The cracker tools are simply adequate bordering on not so great . But the fork / picking tools are very nice . I disagree with a previous reviewer about the metal material
 This was a gift for my sister and it came in nice packaging , good quality . It was her first set and she was very pleased with it .
 This piece is wider than I expected . The detail is exceptional and works throughout the piece . The scalloped edging is lovely and adds a elegant touch . Was surprised at the size and pleased with the detail . Beautiful piece of Belleek . Great value , too .
 The rapid charger does exactly what it should do -- a full charge to the Roomba Red battery in less than three hours . This makes it possible to vacuum the entire house -LRB- 3000 sq ft. -RRB- in a day , if I wish . The vacuum and its accessories , including the charger , are excellent and useful products .
 Product was delivered in a timely manner , easy to assemble and seems to be a perfect fit for my wife and her daily routine of applying makeup .
 Quite a bargain -LRB- $ 52 including shipping -RRB- and my 18 month old daughter loves it . She plays and eats snacks at the table . She has n't fallen off the chairs even though they have no back , but she has trouble getting on them by herself . She mostly likes to push the chairs all around the room -LRB- I put felt pads on the bottoms -RRB- . It was also easy to put together . I would recommend this set . Update
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This comforter is the best I have ever used - from the no-shift ComfortLock stitch pattern to the super , super soft fabric , it 's great ! We live in a southern climate and the lightweight fill works great . I highly recommend this down comforter to everyone !
 This an excellent comforter for the price ! The down pockets are evenly spaced and plumply filled but the down still moves around a bit between squares and it takes a lot of time to wiggle the down back into the center of the comforter . The feather pillows that came free with this in November took nearly 3 months to arrive . The cover is soft and the comforter is very comfortable .
 If you live in a moderate climate area , this down comforter is the perfect solution . The 260 thread count is soft , there 's plenty of down in each square pocket , and a large , seperate channel of down at the top and sides to keep your neck and sides warm . The best part is that the comforter is light and does n't feel like a heavy mass weighing down while you sleep . I had been searching EVERYWHERE for a good quality comforter that does n't break the bank and finally found what I wanted when with this . Add this on top of a Pacific Coast Down Blanket -LRB- my setup -RRB- and the combo is perfect for the winter .
 I recieved the product in Good condition and am very satisfied with it .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 It has been more than six years since i bought the pacific coast feather classic light warmth full queen down comforter , and it has kept me warm through out the winter seasons as well as summer ! For such a light weight comforter , it does it 's job in insulating my body during the cold winter nights in bed and the occasional lazyday sleep-ins . :-RRB- However , the down feathers does shift around so that some parts feels thinner than others , but will be fixed with some gentl patting and fluffing .
 Great service and on time shipping . The virtual wall was such a great deal for the product that I ordered it twice , from the same people .
 The virtual walls work well . I use them to block off areas that get little use and do not need vacuuming every day . Our floor plan is open . The virtual walls allow the Roomba to spend more time in the areas that really need cleaning . It would have been helpful to have received information letting me know that the new virtual walls turn off automatically and must be clicked back on before the Roomba begins cleaning . I assume this feature conserves energy . The virtual walls that came with the Roomba stay on continuously , so I thought something was wrong with the new virtual walls when they did not stop the Roomba the second day they were in use . Incidentally , I think the Roomba is a great product . It picks up a lot of dog hair even when it runs right after the floors have been vacuumed .
 With the large openings I have from room to room this V.W. works well . I can contain the IRobot to completing one room before moving it to another .
 The price on this has come down a lot , so it is now a good value . It works great and having an extra wall or two allows the Roomba to work much better . We have found the Roomba works best when confined to a 10x10 space - or something similar . When left to roam a large room , it just gets confused and runs over some areas of the room many times , but leaves other untouched.These take D cell batteries , but the batteries last forever .
 I bought the Roomba Elite Pro which includes 2 virtual wall units . They work exactly as advertised . Roomba does n't go across the wall . I can push my mess to one side of the room , set up this virtual wall , and let Roomba run . When it 's done , I push the mess to the other side of the room -LRB- which is now clean -RRB- and let Roomba clean the other half of the room . I can clean the apartment without having to clean-up first . Now , only if iRobot can come up with something that put stuffs back on the shelves ... One annoying thing is , it does n't come with the 2 DD batteries required . It 's not that expensive to include two cheapo non-alkaline batteries with the unit , consider how expensive they sell this thing for . People do n't generally stock DD batteries . When we unpack it , we want to be able to test it out `` right away '' .
 This product works as described . It is a little expensive , but much cheaper than hiring a housekeeper :-RRB- . I like to set the Roomba and leave for work . It is nice to come home to a clean floor .
 These days , most Roomba purchases include a virtual wall unit or two . By sending out a radio signal , these units keep the Roomba from crossing some invisible line wherever you set them , keeping the Roomba in one portion of the room , or out of a certain area . I agree with a reviewer who said that it should come with batteries , but at least the battery life seems to be excellent . -LRB- Years of moderately frequent Roomba use have required something like two battery changes . -RRB- I have a very open design in my house , and the virtual wall is essential to keep Roomba where I want it . If for some reason your Roomba did n't come with these - or did n't come with enough - then I 'd recommend picking one up .
 This is an older version of the 2003 that shuts itself off after one hour .
 I FIND IT WORKS FINE , AND IT KEEPS THE VACCUM IN THE ROOM , YOU WANT IT TO STAY IN .
 Very simple to use , works perfectly , even attractive . It makes Roomba even more convenient and useful .
 The Roomba virtual wall that I received was not like the ones I already own or , more to the point , like the one that was pictured when I ordered . However , it seems to work just as well .
 This little product is a must-have if you have a roomba . The roomba is more effective if it is only doing 1 or 2 rooms at a time so this virtual wall creates a barrier for the roomba without creating a barrier for your family .
 I used to go nuts putting things in the way of whatever I did n't want my dirtdog to get at or go into . I bought two of these so I could square off sections in rooms where I know it has trouble . The only reason for the four stars is that the signal kind of fans out the further away from it you go . That means you ca n't really get a straight line before the iRobot device starts to tweak out ... other than that I tought it was a good price for what it did .
 I initially wanted to return this product , since I saw another similar clock but `` better looking '' . Amazon was very gracious and quick in assisting with the return of this clock . But just out of curiousity I hung it on the wall and was just really impressed by the simplicity and stylishness of the clock . So I decided to keep it . Our furniture is mostly contemporary anyway .
 Use it every day keeps liquids warm all day and that is the point of having this type of Warmer .
 Purchased this to keep my wife 's second cup of coffee warm in the morning . -LRB- Takes her a little more time getting ready in the morning than me -RRB- . It turned into something she uses everyday . The cup is a little small but works great .
 I just LOVE this mug warmer ! I 've had mine for a year now and ca n't imagine going without it . In fact , I bought a second one recently just to make sure I 'd never have to ! I 'm disabled and sometimes have trouble holding on to things . Because of that , I 've actually dropped my coffee cup onto this warmer I do n't know how many times . I use very large mugs - not the tall ones , but it 's bigger then the 12oz one they send with it , and mine 's pretty heavy . Because I kept dropping my cup , the white plastic around the warmer actually cracked . I was afraid it would stop working but it never has ! It just keeps on doing it 's job no matter what . You ca n't ask much more then that!For those people who were disappointed because it would n't heat their coffee up , it 's not designed to do that . It 's designed to keep a hot cup of coffee -LRB- or whatever -RRB- hot and that 's all it does , but it does it very well.When I wanted to buy a second one to be sure I would n't have to go without , this particular one was out of stock . I waited months till they got more in stock to order , because I did n't want to have to take a chance that I 'd be dealing with something inferior . It 's a great product that does exactly what it 's advertised to do and I highly recommend it .
 I love having my coffee or tea always perfectly hot to drink . I bought three , one on my desk , one by my chair in front of the TV , one to give as a gift . I have one mug that is too big around , so it does n't fit on the warmer , so I ca n't use that . Would be better if the place for the mug was a little larger so more types of mugs could fit .
 This item works great . I received it very quickly and it performs just as described . It keeps my coffee hot but does not scorch it at all - awesome !
 I thought that this would be another item that would be not used . The first time I reached for my coffee cup and took a sip , I said wow it is just hot enough . I do enjoy my coffee hot and before I was always forcing myself to drink it before it got colder . Put it on the warmer as soon as you finish your first sip and it stays just right .
 Needed a new warmer to replace one I had for about 20 years . Tried another one , which did n't keep anything warm . This one works well , but to keep the coffee as warm as I like , need to have a cover on the cup . With a cover on the cup , it can even warm up coffee that is n't as warm as I like , although it takes a few minutes . Overall , happy with the product .
 It WORKS ! I use very large mugs and this product emits enough heat to keep the beverage in a large mug just the right temperature .
 I think this is a very good mug warmer . It keeps my coffee at just the right temperature .
 This sucker has plenty of power -- keeps coffee piping hot . The downside is that when you leave a near-empty cup on it and it bakes -- no , vulcanizes -- into an impenitrable crust . Totally recommended
 ... and I love it . It definitely saves me several trips to the microwave per cup of coffee . The coffee does become more lukewarm eventually , but I think there 's a reason the plate is n't made to get hotter.For one , the way it is now , it wo n't burn you if you accidentally touch it . You ca n't keep your hand on it or anything , but it 's not DANGEROUS at all . For another thing , once your coffee gets low , the plate WILL keep it hot . If it was any hotter , your last inch or so of coffee would become scalding-hot and evaporate too fast . -LRB- As it is , if you leave it low for a little while , the coffee starts to get a film on top from the moisture evaporating out of it . -RRB- When I leave the window by my desk open , a full cup of coffee on the plate will cool off noticeably faster than if the window is closed . So if you have a problem with this warmer not keeping your coffee hot , it may be too cool -LRB- or have too much airflow -RRB- in your room.In short , this thing is great for what it is , and IMO does exactly what it 's supposed to.edit
 Say goodbye to cold coffee ! The only downside is that it wo n't turn itself off , so as long as you 're not absent minded this is for you !
 The product works great and certainly meets my expectations for it , but does n't really go much further . It does n't heat the coffee very evenly . The bottom gets really hot but the top of the coffee can get cool , even cold . Then when you drink it , it becomes a weird temperature in the mouth . I was able to remedy this by keeping a spoon on the dresser to mix it before I drank . Comes with a cup , but my guess is that you can use any cup .
 After reviewing several products , I have decided to purchase this product due to the reviews saying that this product keeps the mug and the drink very warm for quite a while . It is nothing fancy about this product , but it works well . No complaints .
 My wife raves about this device . She alway 's has to have hot coffee and the is the frist one that 's done it 's job without having to make a trip to the microwave
 I love this item ! I drink a ton of tea and coffee and hate it when they get luke warm . My last warmer was only 5 watts and I could use it to keep my hands warm , but it did n't do much to keep beverages warm at all . This 17 watt warmer is perfect . At 17 watts , the no-thermostat is n't really an issue as it does n't supply enough power to cause any problems . Ever touch a 15 watt light bulb ? Not too bad , right ? The on-off switch is very convenient . I just plug this in and leave it in place , so I have several , one for all the places I tend to spend a lot of time.I 'm glad I found this item . It was actually very hard to find a warmer with enough wattage to actually keep a cup of coffee/tea warm . There are n't many options over 10 watts , and that is really a paltry minimum to do the job .
 I was looking for a warmer that would really keep my coffee warm . This is the one , it works great . I am very pleased .
 A friend had gifted me this model before , so I knew it was good , but I had nothing to compare it to . I did my dutiful research on line of all the possible options , and in the end just ordered the same one again . I am not disappointed . Keeps my beverage piping hot , just the way I like it .
 This toastmaster works well enough to be a buy and gets the job done . I dont put mugs on it that much but I use it for my glass or aluminum tea pots . It will keep the tea pot hot enough most of the time depending on the mug , pot or lids I have on them . Mugs are a different story because if you dont have a cover on the top then the heat is going to escape obviously so you might as well buy a Chinese tea mug and take the tea strainer out and put your coffee in there instead and put the top on it.Note
 I am using mine as I sit here now ... the perfect appliance . It stays hot , does not scorch , smoke or warm what is underneath.I have it on my drawing table , where I am to be found sitting for a great portion of my day ~ either working on a drawing or on my laptop . And I am a great coffee drinker , so this thing is on nearly 24/7 . It keeps my coffee hot , not warm . It does heat the bottom of my mug as well , of course , so I am careful not to hold it there , but the coffee will stay hot as if it was just freshly poured for as long as I need it to stay that way.My daughter gave one to my husband for Father 's Day and I was given mine for my birthday a few months later ... and it is one of my favorite things in the world ! :-RRB- So I ordered two more to give as gifts to others who would love a hot cup of java anytime of the day , or night.It will serve them well , I am sure ...
 What 's there to say about a mug warmer ? It keeps my mug warm ! My only complaint -LRB- which is minor -RRB- is that it is only big enough for a normal-sized mug . If you have a big mug , it wo n't fit on the mug-warmer . I suppose that it might be nice to have an automatic-off feature , in case you absent-mindedly leave it on , but it 's not a feature I 've needed yet .
 I gave this as a present to my boss - he loves it , first time his coffee stays warm even with multiple phone interruptions . Browny points for an office manager -LRB- wish I had one -RRB- .
 I have one of these myself , so was already familiar with this great mug warmer.I bought two and gave them to my brother and his wife for Christmas . They called to say they ca n't believe how they ever got along without them . Specifically , they said it was wonderful to never again have to drink the second half of their coffee cold . The packaging was great and it arrived on time .
 This is a great coffee warmer . It even warms up cold beverages . It works like a charm .
 Wish I would have purchased one of these years ago ! If you tend to let your coffee get cold because you are busy with other things before you remember it again , or if the cold weather turns your beverage chilly before it 's gone , then this is definitely the item for you . With the enclosed mug , or one of your own , the warmer does a fantastic job of keeping warm beverages at the perfect temperature .
 This formerly discontinued item is now available from 3 vendors . Vermontcountrystore.com offers a similar warmer -LRB- by a different manufacturer -RRB- that has a ceramic rather than plastic base.The enclosed instructions claim that the `` Hot Spot '' does not heat items , but maintains their temperature . This is only partially true
 I bought this item based on the reviews and after looking at all other similar items and their reviews . This has been a great for my work . I spend most of my day in front of a computer/at at desk -LRB- like most of us today -RRB- and many times I get completely into what I am doing and forget to drink my tea , which ends up getting cold before I finish it . Well , no more . My tea stays hot until I finish it.It does have one minor deficiency ; it does not have an automatic on/off switch , so you need to be careful placing it in an area where you are not going accidentally cover it with any pieces of paper in case you forget to turn it off . On the other hand , the benefit of that feature is that you can turn it on before you go to get your coffee/tea/hot chocolate/soup so by the time you get back to your desk , the plate is already warm.Note ; this item is not for heating up a cold drink -LRB- as , oddly , some people seem to think -RRB- , but rather , it is to maintain the temperature of a hot drink . Finally , it does come with its own cup , but you can also use your own .
 After researching the reviews of mug warmers on Amazon I bought the Salton `` Hot Spot '' . Upon turning it on for the first time , there was a slight burning aroma . I then placed my huge tea mug on top , accidentally spilling a bit . The spilled tea sizzled and crackled on the mug warmer until it had boiled away ! Needless to say , the Hot Spot did its job and kept my large mug of tea at a very warm -LRB- but not too hot -RRB- temperature . Highly recommended !
 I have purchased SEVERAL other brands of mug warmers , trying to find one that actually lives up to what the manufacturer claims . This one actually does ! It keeps my coffee warm for literally hours -LRB- since I 'm one to get busy at work and forget my morning coffee sitting on the desk , it will still be hot at lunch time -RRB- . I would never purchase any other brand , and would tell others the same who ask me . This product is the only one to try . Trust me ... I 've tried the others .
 This thing works perfectly for keeping coffee warm if you do n't drink your coffee instantly , which I do n't . I have no idea whether there are competing mug warmers that are better ; what I do know -LRB- and have learned from this device -RRB- is that a mug warmer is a useful invention if you like coffee -LRB- or other hot beverages -RRB- , and this is the one I happen to have -- I just sort of found it -LRB- I think it was a gift -RRB- . One nice feature is that it has a light that comes on when the thing is on . The light does n't really communicate extra information -LRB- you could look at the on-off switch -RRB- but it 's easier to see from far away -- and one danger I see of this device is forgetting to turn if off.The only downside I see is that it produces a little bit of a burning-plastic odor , presumably coming from the burner itself.The included mug is essentially useless -- I mean , it 's another mug . Most of us , myself included , have dozens . Maybe if you think it 's stylish you 'll think it 's a plus . But the base itself has changed the way I drink coffee , and for the price , that 's a bargain .
 Salton 's `` Hot Spot '' warmers were a hit with both of the adult computer users who received them . Consistently hot beverages at your elbow ? These gifts earned sincere thanks and were put into use promptly . The switch on the hotplate -LRB- as opposed to on the cord -RRB- and On/Off light were cited as winning features . Hotplate housing allows fit of average mugs . Operational cons ? Nothing beyond common sense ... contents of cup gets warmer as the level drops , do n't let the mess on your desk avalanche over it during operation , etc. . Salton `` Hot Spot '' earns 5 stars from my corner of the world : -RRB-
 I like my coffee piping hot , this warming plate does n't keep it piping hot , but does ok.I did a test on it using a digital thermometer that was graduated in whole degrees -LRB- not tenths -RRB- I made a cup of coffee in a Keurig automatic coffee maker into the ceramic mug that came with the unit . I did not heat the mug first ... it was at room temperature when the coffee began pouring into it.I preheated the warmer for 15 minutes prior to making my cup of coffee.Room temperature was 72 deg F.All temperature readings were taken with the temperature probe tip located at the mid-point of the remaining coffee in the mug .1 . As soon as the coffee was made the temperature was 155 deg F. 2 . The mug was then immediately placed on the PREHEATED warmer without having taken a sip of coffee .3 . 15 minutes after setting the mug on the preheated warmer , the temperature was 130 deg F. -LRB- I had still NOT taken a drink of coffee nor had the cup been removed from the warmer -RRB- 4 . 20 minutes after setting the mug on the preheated warmer , the temperature was 125 deg F. -LRB- I had still NOT taken a drink of coffee nor had the cup been removed from the warmer -RRB- 5 . I then periodically took a sip of coffee over the next 60 minutes . The mid level coffee temperature continued to fall until it stabilized at 110 deg F. 6 . With 20 % of the cup left with coffee , the temperature remained steady at 110 deg F. for 3 hours.As a reference
 I have n't used a desktop mug warmer ever , this is my first one and I love it ! I 've read a lot of reviews of mug warmers that do n't keep the beverage hot enough , but I thought the Toastmaster/Salton kept the temperature perfect - not super hot , but warmer than I expected ! I recommend it !
 I really enjoy the Salton Hot Spot . It keeps everything hot , mostly if you use the cup included . Worth the price .
 This warmer definitely keeps my tea warm all day - no problems there . I do , I have to say , live in fear of leaving it on one day and burning down the office ... but I guess that 's unavoidable . The worrying bit . Not the burning down the office bit . One hopes.Although I ca n't compare it to other warmers , I will say that , with shipping , it comes out pricier than I would have liked for what it is -LRB- especially since it only has a power cord , not a usb cord -RRB- . But all in all , it was a useful purchase .
 I love this product , I use it everyday in my office for my coffee it keeps my drink warm . Will recommend it to other .
 I did a lot of debating over this purchase as the reviews were very mixed , but I 'm glad I decided to purchase it . The heater does a good job of keeping coffee toasty warm until finished . I 'm not a fast drinker , but I also like to enjoy . It worked well enough for my needs . No , I do n't think it would heat a cold cup of coffee and it wo n't keep it steaming hot for hours on end , but overall , it 's worth the price . The cup is nothing special and not at all necessary .
 I drink my coffee slowly . I drink too much because I keep adding more to heat it up , and I 'm still not all that happy with it.So I bought this little cup warmer and am thrilled at how well it works . It keeps the coffee very hot and can warm up liquids even if it says it ca n't -LRB- assuming they 're not cold -RRB- . Not sure the taste improves as it sits there and stays hot/cooks some more , but I have to say my coffee is nice and warm and I 'm one very happy camper . I ordered some more for gifts.Service from the third-party vendor -LRB- Farm & Home Supply -RRB- was really fast and perfect -- but ridiculously expensive . The shipping and handling cost over $ 11.00 . Almost as much as the product . If I could have found it locally , I would have bought it . Ca n't find any stores that carry this , even the ones whose websites say they carry it do n't have it in stock .
 This is so handy . Usually I have to reheat my coffee a couple of times before I finish drinking it . I ordered 3 . One for myself and two to give as gifts .
 This functions more as a ` slow-downer ' of your coffee cooling off . -LRB- Say that 3 times fast . -RRB- Pros : Doubles the life of your cup of coffeeWarms up quicklyIt 's a trooper , after a year , gets just as hot , just works.Cons : Never turns off , ever , I 've left it on at the office over the weekend , it should have some kind of safety auto-off after a couple hours or so.Coating on the surface not very durable , after about a year it looks pretty bad.Notes
 Great purchase ... My Husband and I love keeping our tea and coffee warm while working on projects or watching TV .
 This warmer works very well . It keeps my coffee warm for hours if needed when I am running around at work .
 These dishes are great , but Beware , these dishes are being discontinued by many stores -LRB- which usually comes right before the factory discontinuation . -RRB- They still work as dishes , right ? Yes , but harder to add to the set , replaced damaged plates , etc. .
 Very soft and comfortable . Pretty nice in the colder weather -LRB- well , 40 degrees -RRB- , but a little warm for my taste in the summer time.The wife loves it , so I 'll have to go with that sentiment.Oh yeah , I also got it at a great price -LRB- ~ 100 $ -RRB- .
 It was the perfect weight -- not to heavy not too light . A wonderful comforter -- especially for the price
 Back-wash the filter after each use with canned air and they will last almost forever .
 Great for hiding my ironboard but still available and keeps my room looking neat . Thank you Seymour Housewares . I love it .
 Some of HEPA filter units put the carbon behind the HEPA filter , and some put it in front . The Vornado has the carbon as a pre-filter , saving the expensive HEPA portion for particulates . I find I change the carbon filter rather often , and so a four-pack for me is a sensible idea . I absolutely notice when the carbon has loaded with whatever muck is in the air . Then it 's time to install a new one , which is not terribly difficult . I 'd rather not have the HEPA filter pick up volatile components from the air , so I 'd say this pre-filter works very well .
 These came rather quickly and are exactly as described . Each filter is sealed in it 's own bag so they stay fresh while in storage . I 've heard that the AQS 15 filters are being discontinued so I 'm going to bite the bullet and stock up as I go through these filters at a rate of 1 pre-sorb filter every 2 months .
 I have had my Vornado for a little over 10 years ... This Presorb filter is great . Gets rid of most smells and extends the life of the Hepa Filter . For $ 15 for a 4 pack . It 's a great value .
 I liked this fan so much I came back for another ! This fan has three settings , the lowest of which is great at night as it makes virtually no noise at all . I use it in front of a window A/C unit to circulate the cool air between living and dining room and it does an outstanding job.At night I would carry it upstairs to do the same or just to keep the room cool on a non-A/C needed night , it 's very lightweight . But with this great price , why ?! Much better to get a second fan so I can have one on both floors at all times . Easy to put together , well made , great guarantee , nice color , easy to clean , quiet , lightweight and really is not your mother 's fan - this one truly circulates the air without a harsh direct breeze .
 I ordered this set for my daughter who 's in college . The first order I placed , two of the dinner plates arrived in pieces -LRB- seller should have packed it better -RRB- , but the color was very pretty and this seemed like the ideal set for her new house . We liked what we saw and ordered another set , and decided to keep the incomplete first set and end up with a larger set of nice dishes.Glad we ordered the first set to begin with !
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This comforter went on sale in 9/04 , and I would recommend for people to find it at a similar price . A very comfortable comforter , that is just the right weight and warmth .
 It has been more than six years since i bought the pacific coast feather classic light warmth full queen down comforter , and it has kept me warm through out the winter seasons as well as summer ! For such a light weight comforter , it does it 's job in insulating my body during the cold winter nights in bed and the occasional lazyday sleep-ins . :-RRB- However , the down feathers does shift around so that some parts feels thinner than others , but will be fixed with some gentl patting and fluffing .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 Bought these Lights for Use on My Deck and Patio all Year round . They are Nice and Bright using Very Little electricity . Happy I was able to Get them while the Buy 3 Get 1 FREE Promotion was On . Seems to be decent quality product for a Very Low Price . Would Buy again .
 I picked up one set of these and the Red ones and they are bright and of decent quality . Good value considering the price .
 Very pretty with the facets gleaming next to a red LED rope , and now such a bargain with Amazon prime . I received ours one day early . They are great !!
 These lights are very bright and great for Christmas . The ones I got are red and they are a deep , pretty red . I love the faceted look on these also .
 I used these to decorate the front of our house for Hanukkah . They are a perfect shade of blue ; deep and very bright . I love them so much , I 've come back to order more !
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This comforter went on sale in 9/04 , and I would recommend for people to find it at a similar price . A very comfortable comforter , that is just the right weight and warmth .
 I was always losing the dryer sheets & spilling the powder in my laundry area till this arrived . It holds them all in an easy access , neat , & space saving area -LRB- between the washer & dryer , as pictured -RRB- . I would recommend this product to anyway with space difficulties.Easy to clean plastic also a plus , but calling it wicker is a stretch .
 This is perfect storage for a small space . Well worth the money and made very sturdy for plastic !
 This was the perfect size in my daughter 's dorm room to fit in a small gap between her dresser and the wall and provide extra storage . Functionally it is awesome . The only con is the faux wicker front which actually makes it look cheap rather than better . This piece is 100 % plastic - it would have looked sleeker and been more versatile with respect to fitting various decor styles if the manufacturer had skipped the faux finish and just left it flat in front .
 After measuring three times to make sure this would fit , I ordered the white plastic organizer and have been grateful to have the extra storage space in my small apartment bathroom . As a Sam 's Club customer , the bulk items are always to store in a small bathroom , and this works perfectly for the cleaners , extra packages of razors , shaving cream , big bags of cotton balls , etc. . I love it , and the top tray is perfect for keeping all the daily stuff ready and handy .
 I really like this drawer organizer . Like other reviewers , I think the `` wicker '' name may be misleading , but that was n't much of a deal breaker for me . It 's more like a `` wicker-look '' on the front , but the item is ALL molded plastic . However , I like the style and design of this organizer . It 's small , it fits perfectly where I need it -LRB- I will be using it inside of a small `` closet-like '' storage area in my bathroom which is hidden behind a nice curtain -RRB- . I 'll be primarily using it to hold hair products/supplies . The plastic is easy to clean , and the top of the organizer is somewhat recessed , which allows for some additional `` quick pull '' product storage on top , without worrying about the items falling off . I honestly think the price could have been about $ 10 cheaper , but overall , I am very satisfied with the product .
 Great space saver . . I bought 2 - one for the washer and dryer area ... and the other for the bathroom . . It stores alot !!
 These drawers arrived very quickly , fit perfectly between the washer and dryer , and were just what I expected based on the other reviews . I sprayed some silicone lubricant to help the drawers slide better -- worked like a charm . Will probably have to do it again , but it 's worth it .
 I purchased this item recently , and am very pleased with it . I did n't realize that this was plastic , I thought it was wicker , based on the title of the item . I am happy with the quality and look of the item . I am not using it for laundry things . I purchased it to put between the fridge and cabinets in my kitchen . I have set it up to store all my cake decorating things for easy finding . I even have extra room , so I can put more than I thought I could . I will be purchasing an extra for the bathroom , maybe even the laundry room . Great Item !!!!!!!
 This is a heavy plastic `` wicker looking '' storage space saver . Fits perfectly between the washer and dryer . For the money it is what I wanted . Several deep drawers to hold different items and space on top to place things . Love it !!!!
 Very pleased . I agree that the fake basket weave motif e is a bit tacky , but this is in a laundry room , not the living room . The deep bottom drawer is deep enough for big soap container , tall spray canisters , etc. . Price was 20 % lower than in another catalog .
 I love my product . It took them longer to get to me than they promised but it finally got here and I love it . It is just as they said it was and more .
 Useful and nice looking product . I am so glad it was already assembled . Becasue of the wheels , you have to hold onto it with one hand and pull out the drawer with the other . Not a big deal . Overall , nice product for the price .
 The faux wicker is a little cheesy , but the overall product is excellent . I am glad to finally free up the top of our washer and dryer for folding , etc. .
 Really like the organizer . It looks nice and has room for alot of laundry products . I wish they made a taller one for the new washer & dryers that are alot taller . Maybe an extra drawer to fit under the bottom to make it taller . Will be watching for one in case they decide to make one . Very handy and useful . I like the product !
 Great piece . Looks great between my washer and dryer.Not cheap looking either . I love it !!!! All you have to do when it comes is put the wheels on .
 This is a great slim storage tower for in between the washer and dryer . It is on wheels and its lower drawer holds a tall laundry soap container . Wheels were a little tough to attach , as the mold for recessed hole seemed to be a little malformed .
 I 've had this product for a while now and it 's been terrific for me . I have a bathroom with no vanity or other storage and wanted something that would fit a very narrow space between the sink and wall where the electric outlet is ... be at a good counter height to put my electric toothbrush and waterpic and other sundry items that are much more convenient to keep close to the sink . Most of the products I have seen that would physically fit are made of materials not suited to the application or not enclosed . I have seen complaints of the wicker laundry organizer being unattractive . Yes it 's plastic ... it looks like plastic ... it plainly states in the description that it IS plastic ... if you are going to use something like this in a highly humid environment where it is going to from time to time get actual water splashed on or in it plastic is going to be one of the most resilient and durable materials to use . Personally I think it is downright cute . The drawers slide easily and hold a ton of stuff ... the lower one is very deep so I can fit all those tall bottles of cleaners and the upper drawers are great for things I do n't need all the time but still want close at hand . Some of my drawers are REALLY packed and still are very easy to open ... some kind of rollers I think support the drawers so they kind of roll out . It comes with casters which can be installed but I have not used them ... they probably are fine ... look like standard casters to me . If I put those casters on I could just see my grandkids playing demolition derby with as pots of makeup and rolls of toilet paper go bouncing all over the apartment =-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 suits my needs perfectly . fits between washer and dryer and holds all the items I need .
 This organizer fit perfectly where I needed it . It is made of very sturdy plastic . The design is wicker - not real wicker . Also , there was no assembly . I would recommend purchasing it .
 I should have read the fine print . I thought I was buying real wicker , or at least something that was really woven . However , it is very sturdy , holds all and will solve a problem until I can find something a bit classier .
 This product is awesome and worth the price . The only downfall is that the bottom drawer is not big enough to hold our Costco Detergent or Costco Softener . I was a little bummed about that because that is the only detergent and softener that I buy . Other than that it is great to get clutter out of the laundry room : -RRB-
 This fits perfectly in between my washer and dryer , and utilized what would have been wasted space . Looks really nice but is inexpensive . Perfect combo !
 Easy to use , looks great , utilizes hidden space . You ca n't go wrong , it is plastic but looks wicker in the picture , but I would buy it again .
 Very light . I would n't put the wheels on unless you have something heavy inside or are on carpet . We use this for my daughters hair stuff and it fits perfectly between the washer/dryer and freezer in our utility room . Works great to keep stuff organized and out of the way . On tile it 's a little too light with the wheels , but that is because of what we have in it . Great find and buy .
 I purchased 3 laundry caddies -LRB- different models -RRB- because I could not choose from what Amazon currently had to offer . This turned out to be the best of the 3 so there is a reason this product is currently unavailable . Save yourself a headache and do n't waste your time with the other caddies on this site because I tested 3 for you . This comes completely put together ... all you do is pull it out of the box and put the wheels on it . I would buy 2 more if they were available
 Really like the wicker storage drawers.Adds alot of storage space in my kitchen.It fits well between two bottom kitchen cabinets .
 my first one came in a timely manner . it was damaged but it was replacement right away without question . so iam happy
 Not only is this TP holder beautiful , but it operates smoothly and hold over-sized rolls easily . A great addition to our Victorian house ! Get the towel holders , too .
 So pleased with the product , as well as the service ! The toilet paper holder is so substantial , was easy to install , looks terrific in our powder room . Quality workmanship , great product ! Highly recommend -- Thanks so much !!
 We are very pleased with this product and with the speed in which you mailed it . It is attractive and attaches solidly to the wall . We have had great compliments and people are interested in ordering some of their own .
 I am outfitting all my bathrooms with Delta 's Victorian hardware collection.These are well made and comes with all the hardware for installation . These bathroom accessories look outstanding . A good investment . In my opinion , spending any more than this is a waste .
 I had a previous version of this same tissue holder that broke because it has a flimsy little bracket that held it in place . I recently ordered a replacement for this holder and I found that Delta had redesigned the bracket and made it sturdier . This is a big plus ! Now I do n't have to worry that the slightest pressure will break the bracket again . Bravo Delta for making a `` child proof '' tissue holder that withstands the abuse of three teenagers .
 ... but I returned it , because the color did n't match what I had decided to go with . It was never installed .
 I bought this for my master bathroom along with the matching towel bars and faucets . They are made very well and look beautiful in the new bathroom . They were also easy to install .
 This is such a gorgeous holder ! There 's a better spring action to remove the rolls and even the largest rolls fit on this guy with great ease . Not your cheaper plastic model ! It looks awesome with the matching faucets and the towel holders . And in a Victorian house , well , totally amazing . Highly recommend !
 Excellent quality for the price . Did n't know what it would be like ordering online , but it is very sturdyand am very happy .
 JUST LOVE VENETIAN BRONZE HARDWARE FOR MY BATHROOM , THAT I PURCHASED A COMPLETE SET OF VENETIAN BRONZE TOWEL BARS , SWITCH PLATES & ROB HOOKS ALSO
 This unit was purchased because I could not find it locally . Very tight fit for the spring and it works & looks great . I am very happy with it thus far .
 What can be said . It works . It 's as described . It 's pretty and matched the other delta victoria products i purchased for my victorian home .
 I never thought about the style of a toilet roll holder until I was redoing my bathroom . I liked the finish on this model but with the name `` Victorian '' not sure I wanted something `` fancy '' . I love it . It is beautiful and looks great . No regrets .
 Wanted this to go with faucets already installed . Exact match . Quick delivery . Good price /
 Exactly what I needed to finish by bathroom . Good quality , good service , fast delivery , Thanks
 This product was received promptly using free shipping and packaged well . I am redoing my bathrooms and have purchased Delta Victorian Finish products before and I have n't had any problems with them . I did find this product at a lower price at Lowes after I received mine . I think Amazon should lower their price to match Lowes .
 It has been more than six years since i bought the pacific coast feather classic light warmth full queen down comforter , and it has kept me warm through out the winter seasons as well as summer ! For such a light weight comforter , it does it 's job in insulating my body during the cold winter nights in bed and the occasional lazyday sleep-ins . :-RRB- However , the down feathers does shift around so that some parts feels thinner than others , but will be fixed with some gentl patting and fluffing .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 I use these presorb filters on my Vornado AQS35 filter system and they are fabulous . I change them every few months and change the HEPA filter less often . I have two filter systems , one in the `` bird '' room where I keep my Cockatiels -LRB- and my computer -RRB- , and the other upstairs near our bedrooms . The bird room is clean as can be bedause little of the Cockatiel dander hits the floor , so I have little to do at the end of the day when I clean cages except sweep up spilled pellets and seeds . I have never been bothered by Cockatiel or any other bird dander since I got the Vornado filter systems . I have allergies and a less effective filtration system in my office , so I notice air quality right away . Do n't give up your bird , get an air filtration system from Vornado.Oh yes , they are quiet . The system makes a comforting sound , something like the distant roar of the ocean when you are at the beach , so your sleep will not be disturbed if you have one in your bedroom . In fact , I often think of it as `` white '' noise for street noises .
 I purchased the air filter at an auction and was surprised to find I couldpurchase filters on Amazon . They were the cheapest source I found on the net and the delivery was quick.The filters were the correct ones and the air-filter is working fine.I am pleased with this product and with Amazon
 I use this machine in my basement which always had a faint musty odor . This totally gets rid of the odor and lasts for 2 years
 It 's spring time , which equates to allergy time , so it was important for me to ensure that our Vornado air purifier was geared up to handle the pollen . I was so relieved to find that these filters were still being sold , since the actual air purifier unit has been discontinued ... thanks Amazon for making it easy to find ! easy to order , and quick to ship . I 've installed them and they 're working as expected .
 What can you say about a filter ? It filters great ! When they get tired there 's another waiting . The color is wicked uniform . And they are very light . Kidding aside , they did show up quick from the vendor . No problems with fit .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . The coat rack is very sturdy and well balanced . I 've put 5-6 heavy coats on it without distributing them evenly , and it has n't tipped or fallen over.The umbrella rack on the bottom is a nice touch . Very nice looking , has a vintage look but can fit into any decor .
 Sturdy , holds lots of stuff without falling over , nice looking and looks substantial , not cheap looking , love the umbrella rack . I recommend it .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 I have had my Vornado for about 10 + years and still running . Not an everyday usage but significant enough . As all good air filters , the filters themselves cost a bunch . For $ 45 this will last for a long while . Make sure you get the pre-filter , this will add life to this HEPA filter .
 It does work and keeps the air fresh - I did n't change mine for literally years -LRB- I would take it out and hand clean it periodically which I do n't think hurts anything , but finally I decided I had better get a new one.It is quite easy to remove and put back in , no problem there , seems a simple process.Seems tremendously expensive when you see what it is - but maybe there 's something I 'm not understanding in the technology of making it . As I said though I did go several years -LRB- more than 5 , with regular use -RRB- , before I replaced it . Cheaper than a whole new air purifier .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 We received this as a wedding gift and its been a really good addition to our household . We had another down duvet but it was heavy and really not useful during the summer in the Northwest , when the evenings get cool but not cold . This is really useful year-round , except possibly in the dead cold months . However , you could then just throw another blanket on top for uber warmth thanks to the down insulation .
 This is my first purchase from the Pacific Coast Feather Company and I just love it ! I first came upon this brand via staying at the Ritz Carlton in NYC and just had to have it . I highly recommend this comforter to anyone who wants to have a good night 's rest !
 I 've had this for two weeks and am really happy with it . The down stays in place , and it 's been warm on cold nights , and not too hot on warmer nights . Good price too !
 I bought this comforter 2 winters ago and I am so thankful I got it . It provides great insulation -LRB- note
 Based on the reviews below , I purchased this comforter and it was really a good decision ! It 's very warm and with flannel sheets , I 'm perfectly comfy all night . I even wake up still `` warm '' and do n't need to turn the heater on in the morning even though it 's 5:45 am in the rainy Bay Area . Great product !
 I have always had trouble finding down comforters that were fluffy enough for my taste . I never wanted to spend the money and then I ended up with flat and shedding comforters . This purchase was the best purchase I have made to date regarding my bedroom . There is a reason that this comforter is used at Hilton and Marriott !!
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 this is a great blanket i got it for a friend for a birthday gift and she loved it very very much ... yay
 We received this as a wedding gift and its been a really good addition to our household . We had another down duvet but it was heavy and really not useful during the summer in the Northwest , when the evenings get cool but not cold . This is really useful year-round , except possibly in the dead cold months . However , you could then just throw another blanket on top for uber warmth thanks to the down insulation .
 This is my first purchase from the Pacific Coast Feather Company and I just love it ! I first came upon this brand via staying at the Ritz Carlton in NYC and just had to have it . I highly recommend this comforter to anyone who wants to have a good night 's rest !
 I 've had this for two weeks and am really happy with it . The down stays in place , and it 's been warm on cold nights , and not too hot on warmer nights . Good price too !
 I bought this comforter 2 winters ago and I am so thankful I got it . It provides great insulation -LRB- note
 Based on the reviews below , I purchased this comforter and it was really a good decision ! It 's very warm and with flannel sheets , I 'm perfectly comfy all night . I even wake up still `` warm '' and do n't need to turn the heater on in the morning even though it 's 5:45 am in the rainy Bay Area . Great product !
 I have always had trouble finding down comforters that were fluffy enough for my taste . I never wanted to spend the money and then I ended up with flat and shedding comforters . This purchase was the best purchase I have made to date regarding my bedroom . There is a reason that this comforter is used at Hilton and Marriott !!
 It 's spring time , which equates to allergy time , so it was important for me to ensure that our Vornado air purifier was geared up to handle the pollen . I was so relieved to find that this HEPA filter were still being sold , since the actual air purifier unit has been discontinued ... thanks Amazon for making it easy to find ! easy to order , and quick to ship . I 've installed it and it 's working as expected .
 I used a watt-meter from my local power company and discovered the following
 I have used these filters for years . I use the Vornado because my husband smokes and I do not . I can not believe how much they clean out of the air . I just wish they did n't cost quite so much.I will add that for smokers these filters do not last as long . 6 months max for heavy smokers . But I feel better since I am not breathing all that tar into my lungs .
 This product is more energy-efficient than many , which is a big plus for an item that many -LRB- like me -RRB- leave going 24 hours a day , due to bad allergies and asthma . These have helped my mom a great deal at her place , though she did have to return one unit that developed oily spots inside , then became noisy .
 Vornado is an excellent brand and does a very good job of cleaning your in home air . I have tried others but this is the best I have found . Amazon got me a replacement filter at a very good price and I am very pleased with shopping at Amazon .
 But , consider the number of years it is good for , I 'd say the cost averages out just fine . Fit , form , and function are all good .
 I love my Vornado . The filter helps keep the dust down and it can last for quite awhile without having to be changed . My only complaint is that it is a bit noisy .
 I had looked for this item for quite a while and was surprised to find it available on Amazon . This is a very nice piece of Belleek . It is a large piece as well . I received this item within 3 days of ordering . I am very happy with this item .
 This oversize queen comforter is excellent for wintertime use . I 'm not sure it will work for me in the summertime , as I find myself getting hot in the middle of a Michigan winter 's night -LRB- I keep my room in the low 60 's at night , and find this is perfect for such a temperature -RRB- . The high thread count is nice , although a bit useless , since to maintain the warranty , you 're required to have a cover on . The fill has n't leaked out , and the baffle stitching keeps the fill from shifting out of place . This comforter comes with a `` breathable '' zippered bag for off-season storage.This is a quality product that should last you for years to come !
 If you like scrubbing your oven , do n't read any further . But if you 're like me and oven cleaning is not on your list of favorite pastimes , then you should buy this oven liner . It 's probably going to be too big for your apartment size range , but it is easily cut down to size . The most important feature is that it wipes clean with a damp dishcloth . My oven is black so this blends in perfectly and is almost invisible . A good purchase !
 Who would have believed it ? Every drip , drop or splatter - wiped away . Even when I forgot to put some old alum . foil under sweet potatoes -LRB- y' know how they Always drip ? -RRB- . There was the burnt sugar goo in the bottom of the oven . * sigh * But , I just picked up most of it in my fingers -LRB- when it was cold , silly -RRB- and the rest washed off in the sink.re
 This liner makes cleaning the oven so much easier . You just cut it to fit your oven and when it starts to get dirty , wipe it clean with a damp cloth . It 's that easy .
 I bought this as a way to limit my oven cleaning , as it is usually the bottom that takes the biggest hit when baking pies , etc. . I ca n't stress just how great this is ! I just wait for the oven to cool , then run the liner under hot water to clean it . I have used this product for two years now , and have really only had to clean my oven 3 times -LRB- as opposed to the 10 times I used to clean the oven in that same time frame -RRB- . I even bought one for my son 's new home - now he actually USES his oven !
 It works as promised , it 's really easy to clean and does n't affect heat distribution in the oven ...
 It fit perfectly into my oven and I do n't have to worry about spills at all ! My last one lasted about 5 years , so it is well worth the very reasonable price .
 The first time I used my gas oven with the Stanco Oven Liner it smelled a bit . Now it is fine and very easy to wipe off if something spills . Much easier than cleaning the oven !
 I recently picked up this very same liner at a local home center . I came across it while just browsing . I had never seen or even heard of such a thing before . I will admit that the promise of what it supposedly delivers was enough for me to make a rare spontaneous purchase . I had visions of it possibly sticking to the oven , being hard to remove , and curling up a little and deteriorating after just a short time of use . In all honesty I have not owned this liner for all that long , but so far none of the before mentioned scenarios have developed . I have used it perhaps ten times now and it not only has proven itself to be worth every dollar of its cost , but it has also remained amazingly solid throughout . As anyone that owns and uses an oven can attest to , most spills and or splatters end up at the bottom of most ovens . You know , that place where the heating element is constantly in the way of any cleaning needed to be done . This liner is easily placed under the feet of your heating element and is just as easily removed for cleaning . Whatever this mat is made of it not only resists heat very well , but also makes it very easy to clean up the various spills and spots in the stand up comfort of your kitchen sink . I am sure that over the course of perhaps a hundred or so outings with your various recipes that it will eventually begin to deteriorate , but that would be more than acceptable . I find this liner very well made , easy to install and maintain , and of a top quality make . If you can not find it locally , I highly recommend buying it here on Amazon . Try it and give your back and aggravation a well deserved rest ...
 So simple to use and saves so much time . The liner has saved my poor oven from so many `` mishaps '' and remains in beautiful condition . Simple , easy and just great .
 The Stanco Non-stick oven liner is performing as advertised . Had to trim a little as I have a gas oven and shield must fit inside heat vents . Has not curled or buckled .
 Like that this oven liner is teflon andblack . Keeps splatters off of oven floor . Easy to clean and attractive .
 Works great . Like the color because it does n't look dirty . Really helps keep the oven clean
 Easy to cut and fit into the bottom . Any spills , because of the product 's finish , wipe up quickly and save cleaning the whole oven -- Yay !
 I got it , unrolled it , put it in my new oven . So far so good . This is an inexpensive item that should keep me from having to scrape the bottom of my oven after Thanksgiving and Christmas cooking marathons . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 Purchased this product because it looked better than the one I originally purchased . Loved my other one but this looks better .
 I 've had this oven liner for almost a year now and it 's saved me more than once from having a tough to clean mess on the oven bottom . Every time I 've had a spill , it 's SO EASY to clean . I just lift the liner out -LRB- even with burnt on dry stuff -RRB- , give it a quick wipe in the sink -LRB- NO scrubbing -RRB- and it 's ready to go again . Nothing sticks to it and even after nearly a year -LRB- with lots of oven cooked meals and plenty of spills -RRB- it 's held up well.NOTE
 Found this product and vendor by accident , but after reading quite a large number of reviews of this product on this and other websites decided to purchase , Product was received sooner than expected , and wither better quality than anticipated , great product , great service .
 I read a few of the write ups on this item and it almost scared me away . I have to say I have two of them and no complaints . I use them in both the convection and regular oven - works well in both . NOTE
 have 3 of these . really like them . i use them in every oven i have . cleans up easily and seems to be made well . no holes or anything .11 / 15/11 update - still in the oven and looks in good shape . would buy another one if i notice severe deterioration .
 WOW , THIS HAS SAVED ME SO MUCH TIME IN CLEAN UP AND SAVED ON ELECTRICITY BY NOT HAVING TO RUN MY SELF CLEAN OVEN . LOVE IT !!
 I love , love , love this oven liner ! It does the job and keeps the oven clean . Small bit of a smell the first time or two I used the oven but no problems since . You ca n't even tell it is in there .
 It is easy to wipe off when something runs over or gets on the bottom of the oven . I would definately buy again .
 No matter how careful you try to be , spills happen ! This is great . Just wipe up any spills after the oven has cooled down . Cut to fit , no problem . Good product .
 Great product ; can be cut to custom fit and eliminates need for frequent changes of disposable OTC aluminum oven liners.Stanco Non-Stick Oven Liner , Black
 MUCH BETTER THAN `` OLD '' COOKIE SHEET AND `` HARD '' TO CLEAN LINER PREVIOUSLY USED.LOOKS NICE IN OVEN AND IT `` VERY '' EASY TO CLEAN . I DID HAVE TO TRIM THE LINER , BUT THAT WAS `` NO '' PROBLEM.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PURCHASE
 I love this comforter . It is heavy enough to keep you warm in ranging room temperatures but light enough as not to suffocate you . The fill seems to stay equally distributed throughout the blanket despite all the tossing and turning . Most importantly , the comforter does not leak down -LRB- something my other comforter did after the first couple of weeks of use ... -RRB- I definitely recommend this product -- down comforters are the coziest blankets and this is a good one .
 Picked this comforter up recently & am very pleased with the quality . Made by the same company that sells on the TV shopping channel that starts with a '' Q '' . I know this because they refer to a special patented process called HyperClean ... & so does this product . Same company , different name for TV . Have had a couple of comforters from this manufacturer along with their pillows & have come back for more .
 Pacific Coast is a great alternitive to those high cost , big name brands.As a custom manufacturer of luxury bedding , I always recommend this brand to my clients .
 I adore this comforter and would like to get it in other colors . It 's not thick , but it does n't need to be because it is so warm ! It 's the warmest and cosiest comforter that I 've ever owned .
 I use coarse organic sea salts because of the health benefits involved and the fantastic taste . Who knew there was so much to learn about the proper mill to use for grinding it?When I started researching salt and pepper mills the first thing of import that I learned was that the finest salt mills use ceramic mechanisms for `` grinding . '' The second was that it is better to crush the spice than actually grind it.I turned to researching what salt mills the great chefs in the world use and that is how I found William Bounds pepper and salt mills . I found some that were higher priced , but had lower reviews than William Bounds . The salt mills that they create have both ceramic mechanisms and the ` crushing rather than grinding ' action . The mechanisms are also guaranteed for life.After that , all I had to choose was the style that I most liked ; and they have a great many to choose from . One of the things I like most about this company is that they offer high-end mills that are priced in range for just about anyone willing to spend a few extra dollars on something that will stay attractive and last for as long as you want it too . I do n't know what mills the ultra wealthy use , but I ca n't imagine them working any finer than these William Bounds.I ended up choosing this `` rainbow acrylic '' salt and pepper mill as I thought it would be fun colored for my grandkids and hard for them to break . They have a weight to them that feels perfect in my small hand as well as my 6 ' 3 '' son 's huge hands . They were a touch heavy for my five year old grandson , but he could still use them easily . My grandson loves the colors ; even as adults , my son and I kept noticing them sparkling . They really are attention grabbers . William Bounds also has a copper set that I will most likely buy for adult-centered , professional dinners.When I first received them , I could n't wait to use them . They are the finest units that I have ever used . I can not recommend them higher . The action is ultra smooth and changing textures -LRB- fine-medium-coarse -RRB- is a breeze . Included is good pepper and coarse sea salt ; but I prefer the salt I have been using for years so I changed it out . The crushing action -LRB- I assume -RRB- even managed to introduce me to a new , fresher , taste in an already well known and loved spice.Buy with confidence ; these are great .
 One of my 3 favorite knives . Extremely sharp out of the box . Because it 's hollow ground food release is very good . Great knife for the price.W&uuml;sthof Grand Prix II 8-Inch Hollow Ground Carving Knife
 Adjusts to the temps hot or cold . Light weight and cozy . Poofy . Looks great on the bed . I have bought two of them .
 Wonderful discovery . Easy to use with perfect cookie result in no time at all . Made basic spritz dough from scratch , followed directions , put dough in the press , pressed and said `` one thousand one '' , pressed again saying `` one thousand two '' . Repeated and Voila ! tray of cookies both beautiful and tasty . Easy to clean machine . Made two batches and batteries are still going strong . Went back to store - bought one for daughter . Going back tomorrow to buy another for a friend . I 'm doing a happy Christmas dance with the Elves . So sad others had such problems . Maybe it was their dough recipe ? I highly recommend this as the best cookie press I 've ever used .
 I have used this product previously and it works great . The only issue is that I have had to replace the plastic tube several times . Not many fast cookie presses out there so patience is required . I would buy again . It is very easy to use .
 I love my Hamilton Beach Cookie Press . It allows me to make dozens of Spritz Cookies & have fun doing it . This is actually my 3rd one of this product . The 1st was electric , 2nd one was a battery operated . Which I love!This is one accessory every kitchen needs if you are a baker !
 This oversize queen comforter is excellent for wintertime use . I 'm not sure it will work for me in the summertime , as I find myself getting hot in the middle of a Michigan winter 's night -LRB- I keep my room in the low 60 's at night , and find this is perfect for such a temperature -RRB- . The high thread count is nice , although a bit useless , since to maintain the warranty , you 're required to have a cover on . The fill has n't leaked out , and the baffle stitching keeps the fill from shifting out of place . This comforter comes with a `` breathable '' zippered bag for off-season storage.This is a quality product that should last you for years to come !
 I love this comforter . It is heavy enough to keep you warm in ranging room temperatures but light enough as not to suffocate you . The fill seems to stay equally distributed throughout the blanket despite all the tossing and turning . Most importantly , the comforter does not leak down -LRB- something my other comforter did after the first couple of weeks of use ... -RRB- I definitely recommend this product -- down comforters are the coziest blankets and this is a good one .
 Picked this comforter up recently & am very pleased with the quality . Made by the same company that sells on the TV shopping channel that starts with a '' Q '' . I know this because they refer to a special patented process called HyperClean ... & so does this product . Same company , different name for TV . Have had a couple of comforters from this manufacturer along with their pillows & have come back for more .
 Pacific Coast is a great alternitive to those high cost , big name brands.As a custom manufacturer of luxury bedding , I always recommend this brand to my clients .
 I adore this comforter and would like to get it in other colors . It 's not thick , but it does n't need to be because it is so warm ! It 's the warmest and cosiest comforter that I 've ever owned .
 When i gave my fiance these turtle candleholders he absolutly loved them . They were better than i thought they were going to be . Even though in the picture they appear to be a dark color , the ones we recieved were a white color which is n't something i 'm complaining about . They are very beautiful and unique .
 This is a great flatware set . My family of four uses them every day and they also go through the dishwasher every day - for the past 21/2 years ! I ca n't believe people are complaining about rust problems , what on earth are they doing with them to make them rust ?! These are heavy-weight , high-quality pieces that hold up perfectly under heavy use . I 'm buying another set so we have enough for when we entertain .
 Very nice for everyday use . It is heavy enough to feel firm ... It is pretty , easy to take care of . We like them a lot .
 I wishlist 'd and received a set of GS Carry On ten years or more ago , when Target was carrying it . I was in college and thought it was the best xmas present of my life . Later , when I had a job and disposable income , I bought the 45 piece set directly from GS to supplement for large parties . I love this set SO MUCH , that when I got married at 29 , I did n't register for flatware - because my Carry On looks as good as when I got it a decade before , is absolutely timeless , dresses up and down ... I mean , what could I possibly have registered for that would be better ? It was perfect then , is perfect now , and I do n't doubt my kids will inherit it.It picks up water spots at my newest residence , but that reflects on my water quality , not the flatware . A good rub with MAAS stainless paste/polish makes em lovely again .
 A head 's up to those of you who did n't like this flatware ... you ca n't use lemon or citrus scented soap on stainless steel , otherwise it will pit and stain ... I followed those instructions and it 's serving me quite well ...
 I love this pattern . I bought the set to add to an existing set . It contained some additional serving pieces that I did n't have in the original .
 I think this is the best flatware set I have purchased . No only is the modern look sleek and trendy , it also offers a plain design , which I find exremely user friendly . I could n't have found a better deal if I tried to . Kudos to Gourmet Settings .
 I got this flatware set for my birthday and so far I really like it . I was very hesitent about buying it because of all the reviews about how their sets rusted and pitted . Well inside the box you get a little brochure . This brochure explains how to take care of your flatware set to keep it from rusting and pitting . For example you can wash your flatware in the dish washer , but they recomend drying them by hand . All you have to do is read that brochure .
 we love this set very much . they eat very well .
 I can not believe there are folks writing about rust issues , mine are 12 years old and I wanted to get another 4 piece set for the ones the `` borrowers '' carried into the walls and such . I love these and have also bought sets for my grown daughters , no one has rust . Each of us have a different set as well . I can only say we use them daily and zero problems other than a few pieces are permanently lost . They are heavy weight but very comfortable in your hand . Sleek looking , clean lines .
 I purchased this set from another retailer in 2002 , and it is still in great shape ! Design rivals Dansk and the durability is fabulous . I am purchasing the set again -LRB- 9 years later -RRB- to replenish some of the pieces that have been lost along the way . I HIGHLY recommned this set .
 I bought this flatware at Costco one year ago and I have absolutely loved it ! I 've been searching high and low looking for the exact flatware to add to my collection and I 'm so happy I found the exact flatware on Amazon ! I love the look of the flatware and it feels a little bit heavier than the cheap flatware . It 's good quality flatware and it washes nicely in the dishwasher . I have n't noticed any rusting or spotting like a previous review . Maybe he needs a new dishwasher or better detergent ! I 'm so excited to double my flatware collection with this beautiful set .
 I have had this set for just over 2 months now . We have 2 adults & 3 teens in the house & they have friends over constantly , so this set gets used allot . Goes through the dishwasher at least 3 times per week . It is holding up great , still looks new . I get compliments on the style of the pieces quite often . I am going to order another set so we can have about 10 - 12 pieces of the spoons & forks at a time as 8 is just not enough . I would recommend this set to anyone that wants good utensils at a decent price . The serving set is really good to .
 We received this flatware set as a wedding gift . I absolutely love mine . They are very durable and you can throw them in the dishwasher with no problem . And I love the look of them as well .
 This is a beautiful , sleek and modern set of flatware . I have admired a more expensive danish design for years but could never afford it . And now I find that I prefer this design to that , and it costs about a fifth of the price . The weight and scale are perfect , as is the curve to the handles . They are a joy to use . And even the package design is fun ! I will look for other pieces by this company .
 I love Gourmet Settings cuttlery . I have so many patterns at home . You should just see my flatware cuppord . I love carry on because its hip and cool and feels great in your hands . The weight is perfect and it balances wonderfully . Thank you , Gourmet Settings for creating such wonderful flatware .
 I love this comforter . It is heavy enough to keep you warm in ranging room temperatures but light enough as not to suffocate you . The fill seems to stay equally distributed throughout the blanket despite all the tossing and turning . Most importantly , the comforter does not leak down -LRB- something my other comforter did after the first couple of weeks of use ... -RRB- I definitely recommend this product -- down comforters are the coziest blankets and this is a good one .
 Picked this comforter up recently & am very pleased with the quality . Made by the same company that sells on the TV shopping channel that starts with a '' Q '' . I know this because they refer to a special patented process called HyperClean ... & so does this product . Same company , different name for TV . Have had a couple of comforters from this manufacturer along with their pillows & have come back for more .
 Pacific Coast is a great alternitive to those high cost , big name brands.As a custom manufacturer of luxury bedding , I always recommend this brand to my clients .
 I adore this comforter and would like to get it in other colors . It 's not thick , but it does n't need to be because it is so warm ! It 's the warmest and cosiest comforter that I 've ever owned .
 I 've had trouble for a long time keeping my cigars in the 60 to 65 % humidity range that I prefer . The interior of my humidor measures roughly 45 `` W x 27 `` H x 14 `` D. It 's lined in spanish cedar , has two slotted shelves and two hinged doors that open the entire front side . I usually have 10 to 12 boxes on the floor , which is also where the Oasis II sits . The two shelves together hold eight mesh baskets . Each basket holds about 40 cigars , with a couple more boxes on the second shelf . All together I typically have around 600 cigars on hand.I was using a much smaller Oasis XL Plus . During the winter heating season , it had to be refilled three to four times a week to stay in my target humidity range . The humidor is sealed and gasketed but is not 100 % airtight . Tired of constantly refilling the XL Plus , I decided to try the much larger Oasis II . Wow - what a difference!With the Oasis II , I can now go over a month without refilling . It 's reservoir is many times larger than the XL Plus . And with its top side reservoir cap , I can easily refill it without having to take it out of the humidor , as I did with the XL Plus to open its top half to refill.The dual fans are another excellent design feature . One fan runs constantly to insure the moist air circulates evenly throughout the humidor . That eliminates any dead-air or dry spots , and ensures all the cigars are at the same level of humidity . The second fan kicks in only when its sensor tells it to draw more humid air from the reservoir . The remote humidity gauge has large , bright red numerals that I can easily read from across the room . I also have a second electronic humidity gauge with a wireless remote readout that typically reads about 5 % lower than the Oasis II . I split the difference for an average of about 63 % . Just a tad on the drier side because I prefer the feel that creates , versus 70 % , which feels a little damp to me . But if that 's what you like , the Oasis II can easily get to 70 % + and stay there.It 's fairly quiet , with a soft hum when nothing else is creating any sound in the room . Its foot print is about the size of two corona boxes , end to end , and a little more than two boxes high . The power cord and the cord for the humidity gauge are both long enough that I did n't need any extensions.Overall this is a great product . It 's a smart design with all the features a real cigar enthusiast wants in a good humidifier for a larger humidor . The Oasis II is a great value for its price and will in turn take excellent care of your smokes as they age over time .
 great humidifier . kept my 3000 stick humi within .3 of adjustibel set point . Bought two addtional small dc fans for maximum airflow . Unfortunately , lightning wiped out the microprocesser after 3 weeks . Now using replacement with surge protector .
 I have 2 large cabinet humidors , each holding about 1,000 cigars , stored in boxes and in a bank of cedar drawers built into the cabinet . Great cigars get even better with proper aging . Keeping cigars in good condition over time can also eventually correct minor construction problems like a tight roll , but no amount of care or time can fix a bad cigar . Aging cigars requires precise care , and I live in the Washington , DC area , where summers are very humid and winters are dry . Temperature control is fairly easy , but maintaining constant 68-70 % relative humidity is a challenge . I use an assortment of passive humidification devices -LRB- I like Paradigm passive humidifiers -RRB- , and in the winter , I add a couple of inexpensive foam or bead-filled humidifier cartridges to compensate for the dry air . When my house gets REALLY dry , I set up a conventional room humidifier outside my cabinets.One of my cabinets has an interior AC power outlet and one does not . On the middle shelf of the cabinet with AC power , I have had a Cigar Oasis II XL in constant use for more than four years . By the way , I 'm going by the picture and the price for reference , as the product is listed here as the `` Cigar Oasis II '' ; it is identical to the `` Cigar Oasis II XL '' that I own and which is the subject of this review . I have used several different active humidifiers over the years and the Oasis II XL has been the best and most durable of all of these , by far . The Oasis II XL does a very good job of moving air around the cabinet , which is key to keeping cigars fresh while avoiding mold issues , even in the far corners of the cabinet . I do not use any separate fans , but I frequently open up the cabinets and air them out for a few minutes every two weeks or so . Unlike most other active systems , replacement foam bricks for the Cigar Oasis II XL are readily available and inexpensive -LRB- you can get one for $ 10 plus shipping at cigaroasis.com -- The Hydra LG replacement cartridge costs anywhere from $ 27-48 -RRB- . You can get absorbent floral foam cheaply from Amazon and other retailers -LRB- be careful ; some foam bricks are designed to REPEL moisture and these are useless for humidification -RRB- , and you can use this foam inside Tupperware with a perforated lid to construct a cheap and effective home-made passive humidifier . However , I 've found that the powered machines work much better with a custom-fitted foam brick made for the unit . The Oasis II XL comes with a control unit , connected to the main housing by a long wire , that measures and regulates humidity , but do n't depend on the accuracy of the built-in hygrometer . Use a separate calibrated hygrometer instead to figure out the correct setting on the control unit.The Oasis II XL requires an internal AC outlet for power , which is only present in some large cabinets . The II XL also makes noise . It has two sets of internal fans , one which pumps out moisture and one which operates constantly , regardless of humidity , that moves air around even when additional humidity is not needed . Both fans make enough noise to hear across the room , even with the cabinet door closed . I would n't call it `` loud '' ; it 's quieter than the smoke-eating air purifier I use when I smoke indoors -LRB- yes , Mayor Bloomberg , I am a bad person . I also drink 32-ounce fountain sodas , cook with trans-fats and I manufacture and discard styrofoam as a hobby -RRB- , but the II XL makes more noise than any other powered humidification unit . It 's about the same volume as the internal fan on a Sony Playstation 3 when it gets really hot and kicks into overdrive mode . But the II XL gets the job done and has proven durable , with proper care.I have tried other powered humidifiers , and some have been better than others . The Humi-Care XG1000 Pro died after only six months . The hygrometer in the control unit began reading wildly different humidity levels and it would n't turn on when it was dry , or off when it got too moist . It is complete junk -- stay far , far away . The Moist-n-Aire is very powerful , but the dial used to set humidity levels is useless . I set it high enough to turn on , and it never turns itself off , and vice-versa . I still use it in the winter to manually raise the humidity level -LRB- like the II XL , it requires an internal AC power outlet -RRB- , but I have to remember to turn it off after 15 minutes or so , or my cabinet turns into a rainforest . The Hydra LG is better , and it is very quiet , but the hygrometer in the control unit is unreliable and I must make frequent adjustments -LRB- as in every day or so -RRB- to ensure that humidity levels do n't get too high or too low . I use it in the cabinet that does not have an internal AC power outlet because it can be powered through a paper-thin tape-style cord threaded through the cabinet hinge and into an AC power unit outside the cabinet . My Hydra LG has been working for about 2 years so far . It does a decent job distributing moisture . Surprisingly , the worst ones of all have been the smaller Oasis humidifiers , the same brand as the II XL . I owned three different small Oasis models over the years and they ALL broke down within a year . Only the Oasis II XL completely met my expectations . If noise is an issue , or you do n't have an AC plug inside your cabinet , try the Hydra LG . It 's not as powerful as the II XL , and it only circulates air when humidity is low -LRB- unless you buy an additional fan kit -RRB- , but it 's not bad . But with the Hydra LG , you WILL need to adjust the humidity levels VERY often , because the built-in hygrometer does not work consistently . I think the Hydra LG is made by the same company as the Humi-Care XL1000 Pro , so hopefully they have resolved their quality control issues.If you can live with a little background noise , the Oasis II XL is a good choice , but it does require maintenance . Make sure you remove the foam brick periodically , and check for mold spots . If you see anything , then you need to buy a new brick , or at least treat it with a little bleach if the spot is very small . Just make sure you rinse the brick with distilled water thoroughly to make sure the bleach smell does n't permeate your cigars , even faintly . Every month or so , wipe down the interior of the chamber that holds the foam brick and the bottom of the section that holds the motor and fans , using a cloth dipped in bleach , before rinsing with another cloth dipped in distilled water . Then dry everything thoroughly.In the summertime , the challenge is REDUCING the humidity and the II XL 's air circulation feature is helpful , as is putting pieces of dry Spanish cedar -LRB- which you can gather from used unfinished wooden cigar boxes -RRB- to soak up moisture . This is good for fine tuning humidity levels , but if you 've got a serious high humidity problem , you should keep a room dehumidifier running near your cabinet . Every summer , I remove the Moist-n-Aire unit completely , and I store most of the Paradigm passive humidifiers in a large cedar cabinet . Bead-style passive humidifiers are supposed to soak up excess humidity in wet weather as well as distributing moisture in dry weather . I 've found that this ability is overstated -- do n't count on it to absorb a lot of moisture . Damp , stagnant air can lead to moldy cigars and , even worse , tobacco beetles . As a cigar smoker , I try not to think about it , but even the best cigars have dormant larvae , which will hatch if the heat and/or humidity get too high . Fortunately , beetles do n't migrate between boxes , so if you see telltale pinholes in cigars in one box , just remove that box from your cabinet . There are excellent articles elsewhere online that talk about the treatment of beetle-damaged cigars ; sometimes they can be saved.All of this sounds like a lot more trouble than it is . I 've found that , after a few seasons of careful maintenance , a good cabinet humidor will `` remember '' the correct humidity levels and naturally gravitate toward 68-70 % . Of course , it helps to keep the air moving -LRB- as with the II XL -RRB- and to air out the cabinets once in a while . Keep a few calibrated digital hygrometers within view , and change the position and location of your cigar boxes from time to time . Good luck !
 I wanted something that would preserve my higher end smokes without a lot of maintenance . This works beyond my expectations .
 Awesome humidifier for my cigar tower humidor . It works great , keeps the sticks at the setting you set it to .
 We have this in the shop humidor - an 8 ' long display case . After trying cheaper humidifiers , with some disasterous results , I figured it was worth the investment . The LED display reads way high -LRB- Lost a star for this . -RRB- , but the other humidistats display readings at the level we desire and the level says constant . The humidity decreases when we open the humidor , but the level climbs back up once we close the door .
 Performs as described . Probably overkill for my 300 cigar humidor , but I need to be able to last several weeks between refills . So far I 'm into week 5 since the initial fill .
 I have my unit in smaller case which holds 600 cigars.Has performed great with no problems and keeps Cigars at Perfect Humidity .
 I love this pan and have just ordered another . NOTHING sticks to it , not even low carb baked goods that stick to everything else !
 I was hesitant in making the switch to silicone , after hearing mixed stories . I am so glad I chose this one . I bake egg muffins in these every week , and they pop right out . Eggs , cheese , cupcakes , nothing has stuck to these . Pop it in the dishwasher , and it 's perfectly happy . I use it so much that I have n't even found a `` home '' for it yet , because it 's always in the oven or the dishwasher . I 'm ordering a second one , to make large batches easier . I 'm going to be getting rid of my metal muffin tin , which after 6 months of merely intermittent use was no longer non-stick .
 I love this pan and have just ordered another . NOTHING sticks to it , not even low carb baked goods that stick to everything else !
 I was hesitant in making the switch to silicone , after hearing mixed stories . I am so glad I chose this one . I bake egg muffins in these every week , and they pop right out . Eggs , cheese , cupcakes , nothing has stuck to these . Pop it in the dishwasher , and it 's perfectly happy . I use it so much that I have n't even found a `` home '' for it yet , because it 's always in the oven or the dishwasher . I 'm ordering a second one , to make large batches easier . I 'm going to be getting rid of my metal muffin tin , which after 6 months of merely intermittent use was no longer non-stick .
 We purchased our Coleman Griddle on a whim 3 years ago and it has been the hit of our family camping trips ever since . We use it to cook most of our camping meals - our traditional camp stove has been reduced to mostly boiling water . We camp with other families and family members and our griddle is constantly being requested and borrowed . Its a breeze to cook with using its touch button ignition and easy and accurate turn knob temperature gauge . The grease trap works great and saves a lot of mess . The non-stick surface means smooth flipping , no `` crunchy '' parts on your food and easy clean-up . Its such a great item , that we are online right now ordering one for my cousin for their next camping trip.Our favorite things to cook on it are pancakes , bacon , eggs , fajitas , grilled fish and sausages . We literally plan our meals around what we can cook on the griddle .
 This is a great griddle . It makes cooking breakfast very quick . The only flaw is that it does not store very easily other than the box it came in . There is no case or bag to put it in after you are done using it . My box was ruined in the rain so I carry it around in a garbage bag . I have noticed that coleman makes a carrying bag for their combo grill/giddle that may work with this griddle also .
 Awesome . Simply Awesome . We took it camping with us and it works great .
 I am a bit of a heathen and couldsleep on a rock , but my wife issensitive to her pillows.It passed her test , and now I can sleepvery well .
 I love this comforter . It is heavy enough to keep you warm in ranging room temperatures but light enough as not to suffocate you . The fill seems to stay equally distributed throughout the blanket despite all the tossing and turning . Most importantly , the comforter does not leak down -LRB- something my other comforter did after the first couple of weeks of use ... -RRB- I definitely recommend this product -- down comforters are the coziest blankets and this is a good one .
 Picked this comforter up recently & am very pleased with the quality . Made by the same company that sells on the TV shopping channel that starts with a '' Q '' . I know this because they refer to a special patented process called HyperClean ... & so does this product . Same company , different name for TV . Have had a couple of comforters from this manufacturer along with their pillows & have come back for more .
 Pacific Coast is a great alternitive to those high cost , big name brands.As a custom manufacturer of luxury bedding , I always recommend this brand to my clients .
 I adore this comforter and would like to get it in other colors . It 's not thick , but it does n't need to be because it is so warm ! It 's the warmest and cosiest comforter that I 've ever owned .
 This lovely Belleek cup was just perfect . The priest actually used it to dip the Holy water and baptize my niece . I would highly recommend this as a gift that will be cherished forever .
 This is truly a lovely little cup , but I do want to emphasize the word `` little . '' It is accurately sized for a baby , but for some reason I was expecting something a bit larger although for my purpose , it is perfect . I wanted to find a small , unique holder for the gift card I plan to send to my niece for the upcoming birth of her first child . The cup is beautifully made and will hopefully become a keepsake . And , I feel it is different enough so that she wo n't receive duplicates .
 Very soft and comfortable . Pretty nice in the colder weather -LRB- well , 40 degrees -RRB- , but a little warm for my taste in the summer time.The wife loves it , so I 'll have to go with that sentiment.Oh yeah , I also got it at a great price -LRB- ~ 100 $ -RRB- .
 It was the perfect weight -- not to heavy not too light . A wonderful comforter -- especially for the price
 Length :
 I saw a less expensive version -LRB- player piano ... not Baby Grand -RRB- in a store many years before my son was born . I thought it was cute , but since we did n't have children at the time , I passed it up . My son is 3 years old this Christmas and he has been really excited to listen to all of the Christmas songs . I found myself thinking about this adorable product that I saw many years ago . There are a couple different versions , but I decided to get the Baby Grand.It is a very high quality product , but the piano is huge . My son does enjoy it and sings along with the music . It has 12 different song cards . After Maestro Mouse ends the song you have chosen , he picks another random song to play . The keys move on the piano and his head turns toward you when he talks . I know we will have him for a very long time .
 Over the past couple of Christmas seasons , my 81-year-old mother 's eyes lit up whenever she watched Maestro MouseGold Label Maestro Mouse with Baby Grand Piano `` perform '' in a store . This year I finally got around to ordering one for her from Amazon . As soon as the package arrived , we unpacked `` MM '' to be sure everything was in order
 I put it out when we have a party and everyone enjoys changing the songs and laughing . Its cute and fun .
 My wife bought this for Christmas gift for her mom , who happens to like mouse figurines . It put a huge smile on her face - she absolutely loves it !
 Love my piano , and so did everyone to whom I showed it . Fun gift and conversation piece ? Love the music .
 Such a cute mouse and he plays very well , but I thought I was going to get 24 songs and so was a bit disappointed when there were only 12 songs . But , he 's very , very cute !!!
 It is adorable . Four of the 12 music sheets do not work correctly.They get stuck and the keys do not move . The ones that do work are very nice.I tried to contact the company to see if they can replace them . They never responded . I did not want to return the entire unit just the 4 cards that do not work properly . I am really disappointed in the customer service . I would expect more from a company that sells pricey music boxes .
 We saw this in a store a couple of years ago . The sound quality and selection of songs is great for the holidays.It is definitely worth the cost . Maestro Mouse also plays other songs besides what 's on the song sheets.Very entertaining !
 I am a bit of a heathen and couldsleep on a rock , but my wife issensitive to her pillows.It passed her test , and now I can sleepvery well .
 I looked all over for a yellow ceramic vase and this is the only brand I could find - and I love them ! The colors are great and flowers look really good in them .
 I love this pan and have just ordered another . NOTHING sticks to it , not even low carb baked goods that stick to everything else !
 I was hesitant in making the switch to silicone , after hearing mixed stories . I am so glad I chose this one . I bake egg muffins in these every week , and they pop right out . Eggs , cheese , cupcakes , nothing has stuck to these . Pop it in the dishwasher , and it 's perfectly happy . I use it so much that I have n't even found a `` home '' for it yet , because it 's always in the oven or the dishwasher . I 'm ordering a second one , to make large batches easier . I 'm going to be getting rid of my metal muffin tin , which after 6 months of merely intermittent use was no longer non-stick .
 I 've got 2 West Highland White Terriers , and have gone through tonnes of dog beds ... this is by far the sturdiest one yet . Also , it fluffs right back up when you shake it out , not lumpy like the others that are not down filled.Am getting a second one for my other dog !
 I 've tried just about anything out there . The problem with all of them has been that they go flat and lumpy or hard after a short period of time . Not to mention that often times the covers do n't hold up to my dog 's teeth and claws.I have had THIS dog bed for over a year now . All you have to do is shake it out and it feels like new . The cover holds up very well , even though my dog is surely not treating it gently.And as an extra bonus , he likes it so much that he finally stopped sleeping in my bed when I 'm gone.WE BOTH LOVE THIS DOG BED !!
 I bought this for my dog at xmas and he 's always on it . I have a mini schnauzer and he 's sleeping on it right now . We have another little dog too and it 's big enough for both of them to share with plenty of room !
 Bought this for my grandmother for christmas . She loves angels . I was a little skeptical at first . I 've had some bad luck buying colored items like this without seeing it in person . Alot of the times it comes in looking like something you could find in the clearance isle that was colored by a 3 year old . That was definitely not the case the coloring was perfect , and it fit on her door frame perfectly . It seems very sturdy there as well . She absolutely loves it . If you know anyone who likes angel stuff this is definitely a good buy . I 'd almost guarantee they dont have it .
 I bought this for my mom for Christmas . She collects angel figurines but lives in a small apartment and I thought this would be a neat way to get her an extra angel figurine that did n't really take up any space . Plus , I know she will love the idea of it `` watching '' over her.I have n't given it to her yet but I opened it up to make sure it was n't broken and whatnot - and at first thought they sent me the wrong one . And I 'm still not sure if they did or not . However , even if they did , I 'm not going to return it because it 's very beautiful . The colors are subtly there , but they are very light . There is also some sparkle/glitter on it which I was n't expecting but I like it . I have n't hung it on a door yet , because I do n't want to open the plastic it 's in - but I 'm sure it will look very beautiful hanging on one . I would purchase this again - it 's a very thoughtful gift .
 I ordered this little angel for a close friend . It comes right or left , colored or plain . I ordered the left colored one . It is quite pretty and the painting is fine . I was not disappointed in the quality and my friend was quite thrilled with it . Has it on the molding over her office door at work . Gets great comments from visitors . If your looking for a unique gift , this one mightjust do the trick !
 Very soft and comfortable . Pretty nice in the colder weather -LRB- well , 40 degrees -RRB- , but a little warm for my taste in the summer time.The wife loves it , so I 'll have to go with that sentiment.Oh yeah , I also got it at a great price -LRB- ~ 100 $ -RRB- .
 It was the perfect weight -- not to heavy not too light . A wonderful comforter -- especially for the price
 I 'm pleased with my pillows , but due to the nature of them being feather filled , my Euro shams tend to cave in a little more in the center than I 'd like . Overall , glad I bought them and I 'm keeping them .
 This was a great pillow for the price . They are firm even though they are feather filled . I bought 3 of them and after a year of using them on the bed , they are still just like the first day I received them .
 I know it 's silicone , but you need to lubricate this pan a bit . If you do , you 'll get an adorable teddy bear cake . On my first attempt , I decided to try it without - see how self-releasing the silicone really was . I then had some chunks of yummy cake to keep me company while I immediately mixed the batter for my second teddy bear cake.One side note , I did the cake itself and then mixed two batches of butter cream frosting - one vanilla and one coffee . Used the vanilla for the base frosting and the coffee for eyes , ears , muzzle , paws , and belly . The distinctions in these areas are harder to see once frosting is applied , so this both helped to make them stand out and added some visual and taste contrast . Yum !
 Our grandkids really enjoyed the cannonball and watching the `` smoke '' come out of the train . It is a nice piece that we will display for years to come .
 I think silicone bakeware is grand ! The first time I used this piece I used a cooking spray . I found it was only needed once and after that everything comes out easily . I love this stuff -LRB- I have several pieces -RRB- . I have a big tupperware container that I squish the bakeware in to so storage is never an issue . When I take it out of storage it pops right back in to shape .
 I purchased this mug for one of my big bosses , and one for myself but with a different team . I 'm very impressed with the mug the quality and for the price it 's steal a real bargin . I 'm in the proscess of purchasing two more for my son and daughter-in-law . It does keep the coffee hot and the stainless steel is great .
 I love the Patriots and I like this mug , it 's just top-heavy so it tips over if one puts it on a counter or table and just taps it accidentally . It 's best used strictly for travel , since it fits quite well in a cupholder in the car .
 I have owned the Non-Stop flatware for two years and still love it . We use it for our everyday flatware and continue to get compliments on it from guests . I did have a few very small rust spots in the beginning but a little Bar Keepers Friend wisked them away and I have not had problems since . They are tossed in the dishwasher without a care . As with all my flatware when I hand wash them , I do prefer to dry them right away to keep water spots off . I love the feel in the hand . They look great with paper plates or china . Non-stop by Jet Set is a great buy .
 I love the heaviness and the look of these . The first time I bought a set , though , I noticed one of the fork tines was bent , so I returned it and got a new set . When I got a different set , once I had opened them , I noticed that around the fork tines of a couple of the forks , the metal looked a little bent or weird . I have n't noticed any rusting yet , but if it does rust , I 'm sure it 's going to be around that part . Check the items before you purchase them . The 50-year warranty should cover the rusting , though . -- Jacob 's wife
 UPDATE-Have them for over 2 years now and still look great , no rusting , I do n't put them in the dishwasher and do n't use lemon liquid on them.If anybody want to sell me their small forks , I will buy them I had lost a few . -- I bought two sets a few months ago when they were on sale . I regret not getting one more set . All my friends notice and like them . They are heavy enough and feel like the more expensive sets . I am very happy with them and so far have no rusting problems . I did read somewhere that using lemon dishwashing liquid is not recommended for metal flatware , so I use the regular kind .
 This silverware is great , you do n't have to worry about bending these spoons scooping icecream . They are classy enough to use for a formal dinner but plain enough to use everyday . I love them .
 I bought two of this set about four months ago , and I love them . I like the spoon shape and the weight on them , they feel and look more expensive than they are . The only bad thing is that the knives are a little to big , but they still look very nice.I do n't know how long they will last but so far I had no rust or scratches on them.Update 9/2011 - Ca n't believe I reviewed this back in 2003 after purchasing them . TOday they stilll looking fine , no rust , but I do n't use a dishwasher and never use citrus dish liquid to wash them since that causes them to rust.I had replaced a few since I lost them and purchases 2 other sets for work . If you loose these go to their website to replace the pieces , they are at a better cost than buying them here.I still live this set .
 This is the best flatware that I have ever gotten -- it is simple butelegant -- and perfectly balanced . Perfect for everyday use -- it just feels good when you use it .
 I 've been using the Gourmet Settings flatware for over two years now . I like the heaviness of the pieces . I have yet to bend or break any of them . The only issue I have is some of the knives have developed small rust spots after being in the dishwasher . These spots are only on the knives , I have had no issue with any of the other pieces . A scratch pad or steel wool has taken care of this and is a non issue for me .
 I really like the satin finish , and completely smooth surface - they feel great , and are easy to clean ! The only nag is that tea spoons are a bit too large - they are almost the same size as soup spoons .
 We picked these up because the spoons are sturdy enough to scoop ice cream out of the tub without bending . I 'm sure if you worked hard enough , you could bend them , but ice cream is not going to do it.Almost all of the pieces have been through the dishwasher at least a dozen times , and the finish is still perfect.Highly recommended .
 THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . IT HEAVY , THICK AND THE BUTTER KNIVES ARE THE BEST . GREAT DEAL FOR A LOW COST .
 Purchased this set after our wedding in 2001 and we are still using it . We use our dishwasher almost exclusively and have never had the first rust spot . We 've since purchased additional sets as our family grew and have similar experiences . Nice weight , a design we both like and for us , no rust . Very pleased with the style and functionality of this flatware .
 This flatware is absolutely splendid ! Kudos to the design team at Gourmet Settings . I plan to buy more products from this brand and I find that the quality of their product has great integrity . Their flatware is not only very attractive but it is sturdy , well made and it has a good weight . It feels good in your hand . I especially love the flattened portion at the top of the spoon . That is so unusual and thought-provoking . I look forward to getting reactions from guests !
 I have been looking high and low for a new flatware set and the minute I seen & quot ; Non Stop & quot ; I had to have it ! Needless to say ... I am very pleased !
 I am going to add my appreciation of this set to those who have already left their comments . I bought one set in a Target because I thought the modern scandianvian-inspired design was outstanding for that price . Similar designs would cost 4 times the amount at some -LRB- more expensive -RRB- stores . The whole Jet Set line is great , but the squared-off spoons are what really make this set . Plus they 're 18/10 , how much more convincing does one need ? I was n't even looking for silverware when I bought these . Now I await the arrival of the serving pieces ...
 I like it too , let me know if you have any luck finding the serving set !
 I do n't know what these other people are griping about rust spots for because I have had these Gourmet Settings Non-Stop flatware pieces for about 10 years give or take with no issues whatsoever . I initially bought them from Target because of their clean and modern design , plus at 40 bucks for 20 pieces the entire set was only $ 2 per piece.I have Mom 's wedding silverware which I never use -LRB- how dumb is that and why am I keeping it ??? , I have some high-end 18/10 stainless Retroneu settings from my own wedding and I have some ultra-cheap flatware that we used to use for everyday . I bought two sets of these Non-Stop place settings to use for `` extra '' people at the table , like big holiday dinners and other family events where my 8 pieces of wedding flatware just were n't enough.They were dishwashed along with everything else from the meal with no rusting or spotting whatsoever . Recently we moved several thousand miles away from where we were living and we made conscious decisions about what to take and what to sell/donate before we moved . We kept the Non-Stop items and are using them full-time , every single day.Perhaps my Bosch dishwasher is kinder to the pieces than the rust-complainers , but I think it 's probably the same treatment that any other brand would deliver . So what is the issue ? Perhaps a manufacturing defect ? Perhaps the detergent used to wash the items?No doubt the complainers have valid issues with their sets , but in reading the other reviews here , it seems the majority of the people are quite satisfied with the serviceability and value of their items . Much like I am . The manufacturer offers a 50-year guarantee and if I had a problem , I 'd contact them for resolution just like several other people did.Bottom line - it 's a great ergonomic design with good heft to each piece and it 's a very fair price at $ 2 per piece . It 's not going to be heirloom silver anytime soon . And if they need a bit of polishing for a couple of spots , then so be it . You can bet not every single plate or pan you put into your dishwasher comes out perfect , and you probaby wipe off spots or have to rewash the occasional item with stuck-on gradu , so if you have to wipe something off the flatware , it would be no different.You 'll be glad you bought this item - as a set or as individual pieces .
 I bought the 60 piece set in December 2002 and just love it . I loved them so much I bought an additional 20 piece set in January . The look of them is very modern and have had no problem with rusting . In the other reviews people have complained about rusting but I have not experienced this problem . To clean I just use our anciet dishwasher and use a Baking Soda detergent . I have not used any other detergent so I do not know if those would rust them but I know the baking soda detergent does not . My only negative I have about them is they are a little to heavy for young children to use . My 3 year has difficulties using them but my 5 year has no problems . So if buying for someone w / young children this would not make a good set to buy them.I would have given this flatware a 5 but since it 's hard for young children to use I deducted a point . Great Flatware for college kids , newly weds , and families w / older children .
 I purchased two sets of this flatware . Soon after they came out with a set including serving pieces . You can not purchase them seperately . I contacted the manufacturer and they were very helpful . I recieved wonderful guest service from Gourmet Settings .
 We love this design , but are waiting for the 60 piece set to come out , i contacted the manufacturer and they said it would be in stores Oct 2002 ... Looking forward to enjoying my new flatware when they arrive .
 ... I purchased this item at the new store in Fayetteville , Ar . I came home and e-mailed the manufacturer , who said the service ware will be available in a 45pc set at all Target stores starting in October . I ca n't wait to find them . I really am impressed with this flatware ...
 I may be a bit biased as I am the Sr. . Buyer for this category but you will not be disappointed with the quality or styling on this flatware . The real reason I am writing is to inform the two guests that have written a review that we will be adding the serving set in January of 2003 ! So stay tuned and we 'll take care of you.Thanks agian for your helpful feedback .
 I love this flatware pattern . It 's simplicity adds class to any table setting , and yet still functions as everyday use . This issturdy and classic . Versitile , as it will go with most any dinnerware from everyday casual to fine china setting . Now if I could find the serving pieces to go with it I 'll be in heaven !
 I love the patina and the heft of these pieces . The squared-off ends of the spoons have proven to be most helpful with getting the last out of a bowl or jar ! .
 Flatware pattern was a perfect match to what I had new in box as stated and a very reasonable price . Thanks .
 We bought a set like this 5 years ago at Target . We were excited to find this on Amazon because we were finding we just needed more silverware and could n't find anything we liked more than this set . These are a nice weight and feel good in your hands . The forks and spoons are the perfect size - not too giant and not too small . The only bummer was that this set was matte and the set we had previously was shiny .
 Matched my existing flatware perfectly . Great product -- good styling & weight . I use this design for both everyday and company use . Hold up well in the dishwasher . I 've had one set for 5 or 6 years but lost some pieces . When I purchased these , I could n't even tell which were the old one and which were the new , that 's how well they have held up . Next day shipping . Could n't be more pleased .
 I have had this set of flatware for 7 years . We have never had any problems with them at all . We use the dishwasher daily and have never had rusting , bent fork tines or anything of the sort . They all look just as good as when we first got them and they are nice and heavy .
 I first purchased this set at Costco which was a 45 piece set last year . Loved it then still love it . I purchased this set because I was missing a few forks . This replacement set is a little thicker then the first set but the same design . It washes well in the dishwasher and looks good with all my dinner ware . I could have gotten it at Gourmet setting website , but it was a little cheaper at Amazon . The original set still looks as good as when I bought it . Would definitely recommend this set .
 Our set has been used heavily and still in excellent condition . Modern design , elegant enough for company . HEAVY substantial weight . Continental sized and comfortable to use . If you want a quality no nonsense flatware set that will last , this is it . No matter what style you choose , you will love the Gourmet Settings brand . Top of the line AND affordable .
 I bought these while looking for ones that look similar to those used by the judges in old Iron Chef episodes -LRB- what a quest ! -RRB- . These were rated so well and looked so unique online that I bought them . I was so happy to see that they are just as nice and so ergonomic . They feel strong and grip well . The knife is not serrated but it cuts perfectly well . I love the set and the plus is that they look SO cool and somewhat expensive but they were a great price in my opinion . The matte finish is really a nice touch . I may purchase an extra set soon for backup ! * Update
 We received this set as a wedding gift in June 03 . It has been our daily flatware since , and I have had not one problem ! I have always just thrown them in the dishwasher and never had a problem with rust . I have gotten many compliments on this flatware as it is cleanlined , sturdy and heavy ! I am going to buy another set to keep on hand as 2 kids later a spoon and fork may have disappeared , but I would definitely buy this set again and again !
 I think silicone bakeware is grand ! The first time I used this piece I used a cooking spray . I found it was only needed once and after that everything comes out easily . I love this stuff -LRB- I have several pieces -RRB- . I have a big tupperware container that I squish the bakeware in to so storage is never an issue . When I take it out of storage it pops right back in to shape .
 I know it 's silicone , but you need to lubricate this pan a bit . If you do , you 'll get an adorable teddy bear cake . On my first attempt , I decided to try it without - see how self-releasing the silicone really was . I then had some chunks of yummy cake to keep me company while I immediately mixed the batter for my second teddy bear cake.One side note , I did the cake itself and then mixed two batches of butter cream frosting - one vanilla and one coffee . Used the vanilla for the base frosting and the coffee for eyes , ears , muzzle , paws , and belly . The distinctions in these areas are harder to see once frosting is applied , so this both helped to make them stand out and added some visual and taste contrast . Yum !
 I know it 's silicone , but you need to lubricate this pan a bit . If you do , you 'll get an adorable teddy bear cake . On my first attempt , I decided to try it without - see how self-releasing the silicone really was . I then had some chunks of yummy cake to keep me company while I immediately mixed the batter for my second teddy bear cake.One side note , I did the cake itself and then mixed two batches of butter cream frosting - one vanilla and one coffee . Used the vanilla for the base frosting and the coffee for eyes , ears , muzzle , paws , and belly . The distinctions in these areas are harder to see once frosting is applied , so this both helped to make them stand out and added some visual and taste contrast . Yum !
 I was also interested in having a hostess set for the Mile High design , so I e-mailed the company asking for information about its availability . While it 's true that they do not sell a hostess set , you can get pieces in the exact same design and quality made by the exact same company at Bed , Bath , & Beyond . The pieces they offer are : slotted spoonserving spooncake serverlasagne servercold meat forkcake knifeice scoopgravy and soup ladles.Thank you to Jane from the customer service department at Gourmet Settings .
 I just received this set at my bridal shower , and have fallen completely in love with it . Very affordable , has a great simple design which reminds me very much of the styles found in Europe . The set also has some weight . I used a previous reviewers tip about the hostess pieces at BB&B . They match the set and are itching for a dinner party!Highly recommend !
 To all of you who are enjoying your Mile High flatware - you will be happy to know that there are now serving pieces available to complete your set !! Contact Gourmet Settings at info@gourmetsettings.com and we can let you know what 's available.Looking forward to helping ... . Jane - Customer Service Manager @ Gourmet Settings .
 I really like the look and feel of this flatware set . They really are comfortable to use . The only complaint I have is that the curvature of the pieces vary from box to box , so that they do n't lie perfectly when stored away . I think it might be due to different lot production . Other than that , they 're perfect .
 This flatware is beautiful and relatively inexpensive . It is a nice weight -- perfect for the `` serious eater '' . Heavy with a fantastic shape in the handle , it ensures a nice , comfortable grip . Friends and family that have used it have never failed to complement the pieces . Also , it easy easier to clean , having no etches in which to catch nasty build-up . The spoons are perfect for soup and cereal -- I would use no other ! I have a different set and this one , and I never have to wash the other kind
 I 'd give it four stars if a hostess set was available . I really like this flatware , but even now that hostess sets are available on some of the other settings -LRB- like Get Set -RRB- , I ca n't get serving pieces for mine . I know people from Gourmet Settings occasionally see messages - even reply to them - so I 'm hoping maybe they 'll take this to heart and make serving/hostess sets available for ALL their designs .
 After living for a year with a roommate who had a full set of inexpensive , plastic-handled flatware , I made the Mile High Flatware Set a housewarming gift to myself shortly after moving in to my new apartment . For the low price , it is remarkably beautiful and sturdy . In fact , I have never found a flatware set with an appearance that quite matched my aesthetic . But these pieces are gorgeous . The graceful lines and weight of each handle make them rest comfortably in hand . I am anxious to save enough money to buy more flatware in this design out of fear that it might be discontinued .
 I bouught this set after looking at Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn and finding sets that were close to my husband 's and my specifications , but not quite right . This one is perfect for us and the price can not be beat!They feel sturdy in the hand and are not easy to bend - something the Pottery Barn pieces did easily . I highly recommend .
 I LOVE this cake pan ! The shape is unique and cakes DO NOT stick . I 've already loaned it to 2 friends and sold a butterfly cake at a fund-raiser for $ 8.00 !!!!!
 I purchased a Pedrini LeLillotte Butterfly Mould just over 3 weeks ago to bake my mom a cake for her birthday . I 've heard of the wonders of silicone bakeware and their non-stick , non-pourous surfaces before , but I 'd never actually used one personally.I saw this butterfly mould and thought I would try it out . If you know me at all , you 'd know that I am definitely no gormet pastry chef and often have to cook numerous cakes to get one that does n't stick to the pan or over-brown , or to get one that actually cooks evenly . With this piece , I was so impressed ! The cake popped right out without a fight , and was perfectly browned on the outside and moist on the inside . Within a few minutes of coming out of the oven , I could actually handle the mould without burning my fingers , and the clean-up was so easy . I just rinsed it out under the faucet for a few seconds and it looked brand new again.To accentuate the beautiful detailing , I lightly glazed the cake instead of frosting it , and my mother could n't stop giving me praise for her beautiful and delicious birthday treat.This one piece of bakeware has got me hooked on many more selections of silicone cooking pieces . My husband loves the stuff too , because I 'm constantly baking to try out my new Pedrini pieces , and everything comes out perfectly . I highly recommend this and all of Pedrini 's pieces .
 It works . No complaint except that time seems to fly by . It may be a Retro clock , but it does n't run backwards.Thanks .
 I ordered the silvertone clock based upon the image shown - a duller silver with a green tint to the glass . However , the clock that arrived had no green tint and was a bright sliver - which is seen on the `` external site '' products . SO , if you see this clock , realize it may not be what you want - unless you want the silver with no green tint . Maybe someone should have taken some time to do some color correction in Photoshop . I love retro , so I give it a 4/5 - but the disappointment of not having what the image shows would be a 3/5 .
 The clock arrived undamaged and early . The face of the clock is whiter than the more antique look in the picture , but it is still very nice do we kept it .
 I know it 's silicone , but you need to lubricate this pan a bit . If you do , you 'll get an adorable teddy bear cake . On my first attempt , I decided to try it without - see how self-releasing the silicone really was . I then had some chunks of yummy cake to keep me company while I immediately mixed the batter for my second teddy bear cake.One side note , I did the cake itself and then mixed two batches of butter cream frosting - one vanilla and one coffee . Used the vanilla for the base frosting and the coffee for eyes , ears , muzzle , paws , and belly . The distinctions in these areas are harder to see once frosting is applied , so this both helped to make them stand out and added some visual and taste contrast . Yum !
 I 've been collecting Royal Doulton Royal Albert teacups for a while . This one is one of my favorites . The lilacs on the turquoise backdrop is grand ! This is pure luxury ! The platinum edging detail was unusually chic . It was so fun to find this and others on Amazon ! THANK YOU !
 I LOVE this cake pan ! The shape is unique and cakes DO NOT stick . I 've already loaned it to 2 friends and sold a butterfly cake at a fund-raiser for $ 8.00 !!!!!
 I purchased a Pedrini LeLillotte Butterfly Mould just over 3 weeks ago to bake my mom a cake for her birthday . I 've heard of the wonders of silicone bakeware and their non-stick , non-pourous surfaces before , but I 'd never actually used one personally.I saw this butterfly mould and thought I would try it out . If you know me at all , you 'd know that I am definitely no gormet pastry chef and often have to cook numerous cakes to get one that does n't stick to the pan or over-brown , or to get one that actually cooks evenly . With this piece , I was so impressed ! The cake popped right out without a fight , and was perfectly browned on the outside and moist on the inside . Within a few minutes of coming out of the oven , I could actually handle the mould without burning my fingers , and the clean-up was so easy . I just rinsed it out under the faucet for a few seconds and it looked brand new again.To accentuate the beautiful detailing , I lightly glazed the cake instead of frosting it , and my mother could n't stop giving me praise for her beautiful and delicious birthday treat.This one piece of bakeware has got me hooked on many more selections of silicone cooking pieces . My husband loves the stuff too , because I 'm constantly baking to try out my new Pedrini pieces , and everything comes out perfectly . I highly recommend this and all of Pedrini 's pieces .
 Being a product of the 50 's myself , I bought this clock -LRB- the green version -RRB- for the family dinning room.We love it.It 's well made , runs off a single AA battery , and has a nice metal frame.It looks great on our wall , and keeps accurate time too.It 's also very quiet -LRB- unlike many battery opperated clocks -RRB- so there is no annoying CLICK , CLICK , CLICK !!! If you like the 50 's look , you will love this clock.I think I will also get a red one for the rec . room.Oh , and shipping was very fast , thank you .
 I was looking for a wall clock with style . This clock is exactly what I wanted . It brings back memories of the fifties kitchen of my childhood . Very retro looking , solid feel , metal not plastic , very attractive retro green color . If you want a fun clock for your wall , I recommend this clock .
 beautiful and for the price it was a steal :-RRB- Looks beautiful in my kitchen , I 'd recommend anyone that loves vintage clocks to get one , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Bought this clock in green -LRB- with off-white face -RRB- for my home office , and gave a yellow one to my friend for her birthday -LRB- she uses it in her kitchen -RRB- . Great clock ! Really brightens up my room . The metal casing is a nice touch . No more plastic-bodied clocks for me !
 When my old antique plate clock suddenly fell off the wall and crashed to pieces , it was the chance to shop for something brand new and different . This retro style is perfect for my eclectic style kitchen and the color blends in with my retro pottery collection . The face is easy to read from far away and my only minor complaint is that the ticking is a little loud . I might tape a piece of cloth over the mechanism to muffle the sound .
 This is the grooviest wall clock . Looks great in my kitchen . The packaging was indestructable . Great transaction !
 I had no trouble applying this whatsoever . All you need is a squirt bottle filled with soapy water , scissors , and a credit card . I was n't going for exact precision with my cuts because I just trimmed off any excess once it was up . The credit card worked great for smoothing out the bubbles and wrinkles . And if you 're worried about getting the backing wet -LRB- which it tells you not to do -RRB- just peel the whole thing off -- it does n't stick to itself like tape , so you 're not going to ruin it if it folds in on itself.All in all , a really great product that lets the light in through my living room windows while preventing my neighbours from spying on me . Privacy restored -- elegantly !
 This product was super easy to install with just soapy water and a razor blade and adds total privacy ! I wish I would have bought this a year ago .
 We live on the first floor , two of our room have huge doors and windows all around , there is a walkway around our apartment complex right in front of our doors/windows , so there is pretty much no privacy here - we have to have our blinds down 24/7 . We needed this product!I got only two at first , to test them in the office . At first we followed the attached instructions and cut the thing ALMOST to fit the exact measurements of the doors . Luckily , I suggested cutting it half an inch wider ! the first 30 mins of installing the first film were terrible ! we could not align it at all !!! if it lined up on the top , it was not straight on the sides ... it twisted , went sideways , huge air `` streams '' refused to disappear . we went back and forth , pealed and un-pealed , got into fights , the glass dried up , cat hairs got under the film ... at some point i started getting cranky and almost gave up ... then i remembered how the reviews suggested not aligning the film but just putting it on , and then using a knife to cut it on the edges when it was already on . so , we did that , and things finally started to fall into place ! we did n't have a box cutter , so we used the sharpest thing in the house - a ceramic yoshi knife . it was not perfect , and the edges got a but frumpy in places , but good enough . Alas , while we struggled to stretch and straighten the film and used the squeegee hard , we crated some creases in the film , and the damage could not be reversed , but ah well ... Such things happen while you are learning.But then we did the second door , and all went faster and much more smoothly , without any creases . And the final result is not bad at all ! Light without passing neighbors looking in all the time.So , I am buying more to get the other windows and doors `` privatized . '' The most important point
 This film is soooooooo easy to use . In fact , the most difficult thing was cutting the paper to size , lol . I did n't need anything fancy for installation . I used a vinegar-based cleaner on the windows and then probably could have used the same to install -LRB- ended up using some eco-friendly window cleaner that I had around the house and it worked just fine -RRB- . A squeegee -LRB- I * know * I am spelling this wrong -RRB- is a must , but I had one for my shower anyway . This lets light in , but reduces glare and , while transparent , the frostyness of the glass ensures privacy . Definitely recommend !
 I was drawn to this product because it could be applied without adhesive -LRB- it 's static -RRB- and the price was less than other glue-based film . It was very easy to apply , looks great and is staying firmly in place . We put it on our 6th floor outdoor glass balcony railings -LRB- we wanted some privacy from outside our bedroom , which looks across a courtyard at other condos -RRB- . So far we 're very pleased with the film . We 're waiting to see how it handles the exterior placement with regard to dust , UV and weather ... -LRB- we 've had it for about five weeks now and it still looks fine -RRB- .
 I just finished applying Artscape glass film on my bathroom windows . The windows were not frosted and we live in a city where the neighboring houses are only about 10 feet apart . Needless to say , we had no privacy . Ordering new windows and installation would be very costly . However , I 'm a perfectionist and did n't want the windows to look unprofessional and junky - you know like someone who does n't know their a ** from a hole in the ground frosted the windows . -LRB- And trust me I 've worked with my share of contractors - you 'd be surprised at the work of some ` professionals ' ! -RRB- So I thought I would try this film as an alternative before I spent hundreds of dollars to replace my windows . I ca n't believe how nice my windows look ! This window film is so easy to apply . The one thing you need to know is that you should pay careful attention to cutting the film firmly and press down firmly on the tool you choose as your straight edge . This will ensure your utility knife does n't slip as you 're cutting . Otherwise your edges will look frayed . By the fourth window pane , I learned a trick - cut one of the sides wider than the window . When you put the film to the window , place 3 sides of the film where you want it to lay on window , then take the oversized edge and press film firmly in crease of window . Take your utility knife and press it against the window frame and slide knife firmly down the crease to cut the last side . This will give you a clean straight edge . If you have trouble -LRB- as I did -RRB- cutting a clean edge while the film is laid out on floor , you may want to try this trick - but be careful not to cut your window glass!Anyhow , this product is really great and saved me hundreds of dollars in replaced windows . It looks very professional .
 Our master bath had a large horizontal window that we needed to cover for privacy , but we also wanted to let light in . This window film provided a good solution . You can not make out any details at all with this installed . You can still make out shapes and figures a few feet from the glass , but that is usually the case unless you get a completely opaque film . This allowed natural sunlight to light up the room during the daytime and some ambient lighting from street lights at night . The package also came with a squeegee to help with the install . I have bought the same item at a local store , but did not include the squeegee . The film was easy to cut . Make sure your blade is sharp as it does take a little effort to cut through.Now to the negatives . I watched a bunch of tutorial videos on installing these types of films , and they all seemed straightforward . On my attempt , the film quickly adhered to the window . The problems came when it was time to squeegee away the bubbles . Despite liberally lubricating the film , white-colored creases would appear every few times I wiped it with the squeegee . It looks ugly if you leave the creases there . I solved it by peeling the film off and rubbing the spot from the adhesive side , then reapplying until all creases were gone . This made the installation a little frustrating , which is why I deducted a star.All in all , this is a good product . The best I could find from my research . I also ended up using it in a ground floor bathroom that had window blinds . It looks much better than the blinds .
 It was difficult to put on but I am very pleased with how it turned out . Light comes in the room but no one can see in . However , if a person stands within a couple of feet of the window , one can clearly see the profile but no details . Installing it was challenging . I followed the instructions -LRB- which I downloaded off the web -RRB- and cut the sheet slightly smaller than the window size . But after installation , and while wet , the sheet shrank nearly a quarter of an inch ! So after the large piece was on , I had to cut a narrow strip of additional material and append it so that it covered the glass . Luckily the thin strip went on easily and the seam is hardly noticeable . If you buy this product , it helps a lot if you are handy with tools and have good manual skills .
 My front door and the side panels are made from clear glass . It really freaked me out and gave me the feeling I did n't have any privacy in my own home . More than once I was startled by someone standing on the front door . I put a sheer , but still it was n't enough and it really look cheap.After doing some research and reading products reviews for frosted contact paper , I decided to buy this product from artscape . I am very pleased with the results . The installation was easy , although it required two persons . It looks nice , allows light to get in the house and keeps away the eyes of curious neighbors!I will post some pictures for you to judge by yourselves . Definitely you will not waste your money . This is a great purchase !
 I got this product to cover the door to my office for additional privacy . It is really easy to install , and goes on with water so if you ever need to take it down , you just peel it off . That is a great feature because you never have to worry about scraping it off sometime down the line . It lets the light in and out but you can not see through it . It also looks really professional - just make sure to clean the glass really well before hanging it up !
 This comes rolled up . The instructions are in the roll - unroll a bit , and you 'll see the instructions.It 's easy to put on - but I recommend putting it up when it 's dark outside !!!! We put this up in the daylight and thought we did a good job . When it was dark out , we could see all the bubbles we missed ! If you put it up at night , you can see all the bubbles SO much easier and only have to mess with it once.This is NOT sticky . It 's basically a huge window cling . No , it does n't peel off on it 's own , either ! It holds great !!
 This film was just as easy to ap ply as the directions said . The trick is to read the directions . Great Product . I would buy it again .
 we needed to block out a window that faces a bathroom , but it 's too high up -LRB- above stairs -RRB- to hang curtains . plus , we like the light it provides . this film is absolutely perfect , came with instructions and a squegee , and was easy to install .
 I bought this for a small project , and I have a lot of it left over ! It was much easier to work with than I thought it would be . It has adhered very well , and I am pleased with the results , it 's just what I wanted . I looked around for different products and ideas to frost this glass on a light fixture and this was the one I purchased because of the price and ease of use . The directions say not to use it where it will be in contact with heat , but this fixture I have is large and the glass is not at all close to the lightbulb , so I thought I 'd try it . It is fine . The adhesion is tight and it looks very nice . It is holding up very well , too . I can understand the directions warning about putting it in contact with any heat source , that just makes sense and I would recommend reconsidering the application if it is too close to heat .
 This is very good it was easy to work with it goes on easily and comes back off easily . It isnt noticeable really from the outside so it wont change the appearance very much . You cant see out or in clearly , it does allow to see shapes and objects very near the windows but not clearly .
 These went up really easy . I 'm not very handy or coordinated yet still managed to put them up all by myself ! Love this product !!
 I was looking for non-permanent window frosting where I live but could n't find any . Found this and installed it in a snap . Excellent quality and allows enough light while providing privacy . I love it !
 The window film is easy to apply and works well . You can see shadows behind the window , but not make out any detail at all . Very effective for privacy but still lets in light .
 I bought this film to put over my bedroom window after a nosy new neighbor moved in . Ugh ! The film does n't completely block images but with a curtain , does the job well . I also put it on my bathroom window -LRB- who thought it would be a good idea to put a window in the shower ? -RRB- and then pulled the blinds . Perfect ! Very easy to cut and install and does n't look cheap . I would definitely order it again . 4 stars instead of 5 only because of the price ... I only got two windows covered and used all but 6 '' of the roll .
 Love this item ! I live in a ground floor apartment and even with blinds you can still see in my windows . I bought the window film and was able to install it myself fairly quickly . I used a credit card to smooth it out and windex as a lubricant . My only complaint is that if you dont have a straight edge knife it is a bit difficult to cut straight lines .
 Easy to install and looks great . I am very pleased with the coverage it provides . Definitely would purchase again .
 Unbelievable product . Instant privacy . Now we can have our lights on at night without anyone being able to look inside the house . Easy to apply on the window .
 First things first
 This film is a lot easier to work with than another film I used previously . It feels tougher and is more forgiving if it doubles up on itself . If you follow the directions and use a water and soap mixture when applying you can easily take the film back off to reposition during install . However , using a utility knife to trim after installed did n't work very well for me , get the measurements very close before install . If you are doing more than one window , start with the least important window . This has an easy learning curve , but there still is one , so I would bet your second install turns out better than the first -LRB- especially if you have n't done anything like this before -RRB- .
 We bought this product to put on a bathroom window for privacy , it came out great ! Just a heads up , DO N'T BUY A SQUEEGEE ! IT COMES WITH ONE ! Do n't be afraid to use plenty of soapy water , it will make installing much easier . Also , leave a 1/16 '' short all the way around so the water has some place to escape from under the film and your project will look great !
 The application is easy , simply wet down the window with soapy water and use the enclosed squeegee to smooth out the bubbles . The first roll was a bit tricky , it 's a bit like hanging wall paper , lining it up evenly , hurrying to smooth it out . I had to re-adjust it a few times to get it right , but that 's whats great about this film . It 's cling film , no adhesive , so you can pull it back and reapply it as much as you need.My first application still has some bubbles in it . They are not really noticeable unless you stare at the glass and look for them . With my second application I learned that I needed to really press hard with the squeegee in order to get the bubbles out . I really had to put my weight into it to put the need pressure to smooth out the bubbles . I will assume a man will probably have an easier time than a small woman like me.The other thing I noticed about this film is that any defects or dirt on the glass will show through . Around the edges of my door there was calk on the glass and it cast a shadow on the film.I was surprised at how much privacy it really provides . I went outside both day and night with the inside lights on . I stood both right at the door and in the yard . When I was next to the door , I could only make out shapes of objects that were within 2 or 3 feet of the door . I could only really see the bright colors of the rug on the floor right next to the door . Any thing farther than 3 feet from the window could n't really be seen , other than as shadows . I could see light , but not the lamp.During the day filtered sunny light still floods the room . It 's not as bright as it would be with no film , but its way better than having curtains . Looking out during the day I can see shapes and shadows . The best photo representations is the picture with the split window looking out.I really like the removable aspect of this film . When summer arrives and all the greenery grows back and provides a bit of privacy from the neighbors I may remove one sheet of film from a section of the sliding door . This film would be great for renters or someone selling a house who wants to dress things up or add privacy , but not permanently .
 Needed this for privacy and security . It 's a little difficult to smooth out when applying to large areas , but that is to be expected .
 I really was impressed with the product.Straightforward to install , I cut it using scissors but its rather thick , and hard to cut evenly , probably should have used an exacto knife . Even so it looks fine.I used it to solve a problem , a blind broke in my bedroom , and I am going to get new curtains for the entire house next spring , so needed a fix until then.Now I am thinking of adding it to several windows that face brick walls -LRB- Live in a big city -RRB- .
 I purchased this product because the side door to my garage has a window in it , which allows anyone to easily see whether or not I 'm home based on whether my cars are in the garage . My garage door also has windows along the top . In order to alleviate this problem , I decided to add this etched glass product to the side door to the garage , and the Gila brand black privacy film to the windows on the garage door , where I thought black would look better.I 'm happy with this product . While it 's not 100 % opaque , it does provide a pretty good measure of privacy . You can see the outline of a car or other object if it 's close to the window , but beyond a couple of feet you ca n't see much . My car is currently parked very close to the window , and I can barely make out the orange of the turn signal light . If my car is n't in the garage , it 's VERY hard to tell that the garage is empty -LRB- in short , you can see an object through this film , but the lack of said object is very hard to see , if that makes sense . If the garage is empty you do n't really see anything , you ca n't see the far wall so it 's very hard to tell if it 's empty.Installation was pretty easy , but I was very lucky because the trim around the window in the door is removable . My door has 9 little window panes , but in reality it 's just one piece of glass with a bordered tic tac toe board shaped piece of trim that screws on . By removing this trim , I was able to apply the film easily and I had a lot of margin for error as far as cutting the film because the trim would go back up and cover the perimeter of the glass , so I did n't have to trim the film perfectly . If I did n't have this advantage , installation would have been much more difficult because cutting the film in a nice straight line is the most difficult part . You might want to use a fabric cutter and padded surface in order to get a straight cut . Other than the trimming aspect , installation is very easy and all that it requires is a spray bottle of soapy water and a squeegee or object that can be used as a squeegee . Applying the film and getting the bubbles out was very easy.Overall , I 'm quite happy with this product . I would n't mind if it was just a tad more opaque , but as it is I think it 's good enough to do the job .
 I installed this on my shower windows , as they were large and visible to the neighbors - Works Great ! Lets all the light in , but blurs view so you are not giving free shows :-RRB- They will still have to pay extra for that . . I would highly recommend purchasing an install kit though - I did not think about this and used everyday garage tools -LRB- razor , ruler , squeegee -RRB- which worked , but definitely would have had better edges if I had the right tools .
 Living in the RLBs in Afghanistan we have built in roller blinds outside of the window . While these are great themselves they block out all light when fully closed and offer no privacy when cracked to allow sunlight to peek in when the sun comes up . This product was an excellent answer to my problems.The instructions were straight forward . It was a little difficult working with a large piece and a tad bit frustrating trying to get it straight and all the bubbles out of it but doable by all means.Besides the small hiccups mentioned above , it got 4 stars for price . Sure my privacy is worth $ 30 but it seems a little pricey . Would recommend to everyone . Some buddies have seen it up and are already on Amazon buying them some !
 Cheap price and made to do its Job . very happy and I would recommend this to any one that wants privacy .
 This product is relatively easy to apply -LRB- and you probably do not need to buy the $ 10 application kit -RRB- . With a bit of patience , I was able to cover two low windows in order to provide some privacy and screening . The product has been on my window now for more than a month with no sign of peeling or curling -- looks nice and is very subtle while letting in gentle light .
 We have a few windows that look out onto our neighbors , and I have used this on each of them . It 's not terribly difficult to install and lets a nice , slightly diffused light in , while giving us privacy .
 It 's a great product and works really well but you have to be extremely patient to install correctly . We have a large window in the bathroom that 's above the vanity mirror , maybe 9 ' feet off the ground . I had to stand on the bathroom sink to install and because of my positioning I got alot of air bubbles and botched the job up . Where you are going to install this makes a huge difference on how it 's going to turn out .
 I purchased window film before -LRB- at a home store -RRB- and had a lot of trouble applying it without tearing and wrinkling it . I was delighted to find how sturdy this film is and how quickly it applied . It created privacy but lets light glow through . I am now ordering more and plan to replace the old film with this one - but precut it for a design in the door window ; its definitely sturdy enough to get creative .
 I loved it mostly because it was easy to install . I had bought another brand before but it was n't as sturdy as this one and it fell . Remember to clean and dry the window first . The tip about spraying the window with soapy water before installing the film worked for me , it made it easier to get rid of the air bubbles .
 My windows are facing another building and a fire escape , very ugly view . I purchased these so that I would have an option to actually open my blinds , and it worked as a charm . It provided nice matte color , and gave me the privacy I wanted . Very easy to put on too , just cut to size , peel the lining , spray the window with PLENTY of water , and stick it on . The kit includes the squeegee , so that makes it easy to install .
 I purchased this film to cover 2 narrow side lights on either side of my front door . It also stated it did not need any adhesive to adhere and was removable . I was thinking I would cut a design into the film before installing . I had enough to do over if I had to scrap the first attempt.I decided on simple ocean waves at the top 5 inches of the windows . I first cut the film to the size of the windows with a sharp utility knife then I used an X-Acto knife with a new blade and cut the waves . I then cleaned and wet the windows for install . I installed the bottom portion first , left 1/2 &#34; between the bottom and top so the waves showed as clear window.I 'm pretty pleased with the results . I found that I had 1/8 &#34; gaps on the side . Not sure if that was a result of my knife not being sharp enough and pulled at the film when cutting.When I get tired of the waves or if the life of the film is short I will attempt a different design with the film . I could see this as something fun you could do with design for windows or mirrors for holidays as it is temporary and removable .
 Bought this for a back door with an large uncovered window . This came as advertised - comes with a squeegee to smooth out the air bubbles . Great adhesion . Comes on a slick static peel sheet . Just cut to approximate dimensions of your window and get yourself an xacto knife and use the window edge as a guide to trim . Really easy . Really simple . Lets decent light through - but still opaque enough to not be able to see through either side . Recommended .
 I wanted something to cover up my front door , which was mostly glass , for some privacy . I purchased this product and installed it yesterday . The product was very easy to put up and looks great . I installed it on the inside of the door and it looks great from the outside . A few tips for people who want to purchase this
 When I opened the package the roll of film and squeegee were present but NO directions . Fortunately I had read numerous reviews prior to purchase , which mentioned using soapy water to apply , or I would have been clueless.As for the window film it is user friendly and easily applied . It provides the needed privacy but allows the natural light to penetrate . Despite the missing directions I 'm happy with my purchase .
 So easy to use , we applied it in minutes , and a week later , decided to treat another window . We simply peeled it off one window , wet the other , and reapplied no problem !
 The whole backside of my house is windows . I was looking for a product that would shield visitors from the chaos of the laundry room . . especially visible from the back deck . This product allowed the light to come in , yet gave it some privacy . As a bonus , it cooled down the room too . Easy to apply and fix if you accidently put it on crooked !
 Just finished cutting and installing this product on my front door that has multiple small panes to cover . SUPER easy to do ! LOVE the `` cling '' instead of a messy glue adhesive . Product even included a small rubber squeegy tool ! Learned quickly that you HAVE to spray the window with soapy water , what a HUGE difference that makes ! I 'm pretty much worthless when it comes to doing stuff like this so if I can do it , anyone can ! It looks GREAT ! Very happy with this product ! I wish I could attach a picture to this review .
 I purchased and installed this on my front glass door . It looks great FROM BOTH SIDES . I installed it on the inside of my door , and it looks just as good as from the outside.Yes , if someone is standing right on the other side of the door , you can tell that someone is standing there , however , they just look like a colorful blob . There are other companies that sell film that will completely block out everything , but this is a lighter film , which is what I wanted.I did , however , find that the film would stick to itself after peeling from the paper backing , but it is very durable and does not crinkle when separated . As the instructions imply , be very liberal with the soapy water spray , as it will allow you to move the film around until it is positioned just right .
 bought a squeegee to pull the air bubbles out but on small to medium windows i found a credit card worked even better .
 Worked just as advertised . Adds privacy and light still comes through . Now after 2 months it 's still in place and not falling off . Great!Just bought for 2 more windows .
 Truly prevents people outside from seeing in , while still allowing a decent amount of light to come in . Not too difficult to apply , though be sure to follow the directions and wipe down the glass first .
 I used the product to ` white ' out my office windows . Etching film is extremely durable and easy to work . I was able to cut and install 20 panels is only a couple of hours . I was amazed with the quality , film did not shrink after drying and bubble were easy to work out from behind the film .
 this film worked great for my daughters bedroom windows at college . easy to install and very durable . would not hesitate to purchase again .
 This is a great window film . This is the second time I have ordered it and I may order more . It looks good , is easy to cut and it 's thick enough to make it easy to hang . It lets in the light but offers privacy . I have cats and this is a good choice of window treatment since they can not destroy it . This film is also easy to keep clean and it reduces the amount of dust in the room .
 Easy and quick to apply , the directions are clear , the film lets in light but allows for a lot of privacy .
 my frosted windows look like crap , but it was b/c of me not the product!i read and read and read the other user reviews before deciding to purchase this . it made sense to me to cut it slightly larger -LRB- and remove the paper backing -RRB- and then trim off the excess . well i was too lazy to find a decent straight edge so i used a cd case . yeah . . JAGGED ! if i 'd taken the time to gather the right tools , and actually taken my time to trim carefully and neatly this would have been a beautiful finish to newly DIY'ed master bath . since it was the only window i used the film on i have plenty of extra for when i muster up the energy to do it right .
 I recently purchased a roll of Etched Glass Window Film . I have seven small garage door windows , 11x18 inches each that needed a privacy covering . This product was very easy to cut and affix to the windows and they look very nice from the outside . I am very pleased with this product .
 I love this product . It was easy to apply -LRB- though I first had to unroll the whole thing to get the directions at the center -RRB- and the effect is fabulous - no one can see in but I get plenty of light . It does not have the rice paper look and feel I thought it would , but it definitely does the job and looks great .
 I have used the tint from Artscape and the etched film . The etched film is much easier to install than the tint and blocks the direct , blinding sunlight from glaring in through west facing transom windows , but allows for the bright natural light . Only complaint is a defect in the film about a foot into the roll caused the first cut to be wasted and unusable as it was n't visible until I peeled the backing . If you want natural light and do n't need to see out -LRB- or in -RRB- this is great
 I was looking for something to cover a garage window and still get daylight through . This did the job . I followed the directions and had no problem with the installation . I did need a helper to pull the backing off while I applied the film to the window . The only issue I had was that I cut the film a little undersized , so there 's a 1/8 inch gap all around . I 'd order this product again .
 Bought this product for our garage windows so no one could see in . It looks pretty nice & was easy to install once you got the hang of it . Unwrap everything in the tube to find the squeegee & instructions . I did n't expect it to be the `` material '' it was either but it seems to be holding . It 's a sticky back , like window decals you would buy around the holidays to stick on your windows . Thought I would n't like it but I do ! Nice surprise
 I live in a grad student rental on the main floor of an old house . My largest window looks out onto my neighbor 's driveway and house . My neighbor is a chronic snoop , which means I felt weird having my curtains open.So , this window film does the job . In daylight it looks very nice and professional . Though I thought I got all the bubbles out , I can see small bubbles in this stuff by lamplight . Applying this film by yourself is possible , but mine would have come out more cleanly if I 'd had another set of hands so that I could start right in the middle without having to hold up a corner . Also , it 's a good idea to cut this to a rough size of your window but ensure that it 's a tad bigger , then cut down the edges with an xacto knife once you 've got the film in place.After I bought and used this , I learned that you can apply almost any sort of fabric to a window using a corn starch and water solution . A friend and I tried the fabric method at her place and , hate to admit it , it 's easier to apply , too . If you 're poor , go for corn starch and fabric .
 This is great stuff . It 's very easy to apply and the application process is very forgiving . Just clean your windows , spray on a soap and water mixture , peel the backing and apply . You can re-position it to get it just right and the use a credit card to get the water out from under the film.It looks great . Very professional . And it 's easy to remove.It is rather tough to cut though . The roll is 36 x 72 and if you are cutting long pieces it can be tricky to get straight lines . I used a carpenter 's T but I still messed up a bit.The following comment is not about the product but about Amazon 's packaging . I also did n't deduct stars for this : The packaging is extremely wasteful . The roll itself is packaged in a rectangular plastic box but Amazon put that box in a massive box that could literally have held maybe 100 rolls . The box was stuffed with paper to take up the extra room .
 I wanted to let some light in but get privacy - this stuff is great . I was daunted about installing it , but it was easy . Recommend a straight edged cutter rather than a scissor to cut , but I did five windows in about an hour . LOVE IT !
 Now that it 's on my windows , I love this stuff . However , I have one bone to pick with the instructions.Fool that I am , I took them a bit too literally , and tried sizing to fit the sheets before applying them onto the recessed glass of my window . Do n't do that -- overestimate by a half inch , then slather it on and just use a boxcutter to trim . That 'll spare you the ridiculousness of trying to line up corners or size-adjust too soon .
 I 'm a glass contractor , so installation might have been easier for me since I work with glass.However , this is the first time I 've ever applied a window film to windows . The product itself is very easy to work with because it is much thicker then most window films out there.Necessary tools for anyone to do a professional job are : a professional window film application tool , a straight edge -LRB- I used my 48 '' level -RRB- , an accurate tape measure to cut the material to the PROPER dimensions , a few brand new razor blades -LRB- I used the blades without a utility knife holder -RRB- , high quality glass cleaner -LRB- not windex , I recommend sprayway -RRB- , paper towels , lint-free cloth , hand soap and water.Clean all glass surfaces you will apply the film to very well with first paper towels , then go back and clean it a last time with the lint-free cloth to make sure its 100 % clean and ready for the film.I choose to cut the window film exactly 1/8 '' smaller then the visible glass size . I also prefer to dampen a lint-free cloth in a water and hand soap mixture , and use that cloth to apply the soapy solution to the glass . Then apply the film to the glass get out all visible wrinkles and bubbles , you may have to lift a corner of the film after you applied it to get out all bubbles . After applied , dry window with a lint-free cloth , take a 1/8 '' shim and use a razor blade to trim the applied window film 1/8 '' smaller on all sides to have a professionally applied final product . Now sometimes the product looks perfect on the inside , but you can see small bubbles on the outside , within 2 weeks of a proper application all the imperfections seen on the exterior will disappear.Like I stated earlier , this is a high quality , easy to apply window film .
 If you do n't want to get into acid etching or replace the glass entirely , this is a good solution . However , no one 's going to mistake it for the beauty of actual etched glass.If you have pet or human hair -LRB- put your hair back -RRB- , keep it away or clean the room prior . If it gets behind the film when you 're sealing it , you 've got to get it out and reattach it.Also , if you 're shorter than six feet and alone doing this , it 's challenging if you do n't have something to hold the film above your head while positioning it . I used a rock on the top of my shower frame to hold it.Just go ahead and get all the paper off in the next room as there 's no benefit to keeping it on -LRB- other than keeping lint and hair off -RRB- . Grabbing a friend would save significant time if you 're doing a large project like mine . Alone it took about an hour and a half to do two doors.I also wish I 'd very thoroughly cleaned BOTH sides of the glass before starting as it 's tough to see the imperfections in application if the other side of the glass is not very clean.I found scissors easier than an exacto knife . It wo n't be perfect , but it 's pretty good and if you mess up , just take it down and do it again.BTW , the directions are hidden inside the rolls and not in the boxes .
 This product works very well and is simple to use as long as you follow the directions . I like the privacy it gives while still letting light through . It 's great too because you can take it off , move it , cut it and reuse it .
 I cursed like a sailor . I fought air bubbles and won . I struggled with the paper backing rolling back up before I could lock it in place . But in the end , I was so proud of my work and so impressed with how good it looks that I actually decided to do my first Amazon review.Applying it is more frustrating than it is difficult , but once I had my system down it was than 30 minutes , including trimming , for each big window . To get a really good fit , I recommend trimming it once it 's actually on the window . I used a straight edge box cutter and a large triangle to guide the cut just along the inside of the window frame . I believe that I got a much more precise fit that way than I would have had I followed the instructions and trimmed it to size before hanging.It 's is the perfect solution for city dwellers who want their natural light and their privacy too . It blocks the view , which in our case was a neighbor 's bedroom and ugly brick wall , and gives a clean , modern look in our toddler 's room.Oh , it also peels right off . Good for rentals . Or in case you change your mind and want the view of the brick wall and the creepy neighbor . : -RRB-
 The overall positive reviews are accurate . I got the film to cover the see-through glasses of the front door -LRB- main and two sidelights -RRB- . Two suggestions to add
 I have 3 sided glass doors on the shower . The film was easy to use and it looks just like the doors are really frosted . Saves me some embarrassment our water is hard and as often as I clean , the glass always looked not so clean . What a great product!The price was excellent compared to Lowe 's or Home Depot .
 When we moved into our new house , their were windows on either side of the front door that had no covering . They were too thin for blinds but I really do n't like the idea of someone being able to come to my front door -LRB- or walk in front of my house -RRB- and see inside.So we purchased this window film and I put it up . It was actually easy to install -LRB- easier than I thought it would be -RRB- and looks good . You just put some water on the window , position the film accordingly , and then scrape the water out . It is n't a sticky product , so you do n't have to worry about that at all.It looks really good on the window and allows light in but completely blocks people from seeing inside . My only complaint is that it seems to be coming up around the edges now that it has been up for a few months . I do n't know if that was an installation error or just a problem , but otherwise it is pretty solid .
 Great product . Privacy at last for my garage . Lets the light through and you can only see whats on the other side when its close to the window . So with that , from the outside you will likely be able to tell if their is a car parked in the garage , but you have to be close to the window to see that . Everything else is blurry and really , you cant see much of anything . Its not like you can see shapes and will be able to make out what they are . Installation is a breeze . You need to have a spray bottle with water that you put a little dish soap in . Comes with a squeegee to wipe out the bubbles , but super easy to install . Use a utility knife to cut straight lines . Make sure that you clean the window very well . Most of the time it took to install was spent on cutting to size . 2 garages , 8 windows ... takes some time , but you will be happy with the results .
 Had an odd shaped window beside my front door . This was very easy to apply . The trick is cutting it almost to size before you peel the backing . Apply soap/water mixture liberally and then use the provided squeegee to work out the bubbles . Took out my box cutter , slapped in a new blade and trimmed it to perfection . Works great , you can only see basic outlines if the person is 2-3 feet away from the window , even at night with lights on in the house . Highly recommend this to anybody .
 Product is of professional quality . It is very easy to install and looks beautiful on the glass . It brings in the light well , yet provides privacy . If you choose to purchase this product , you will not be disappointed .
 The window film is easy to handle and apply . No problems , the instructions are straight forward . It looks good , lets the light through but you ca n't see any detail day or night , lights on or off . I was pleased . Make sure to get accurate measurements of the glass before you start and your project will go smooth .
 We have a large window over the garden tub in our master bedroom . The windows faces the street . For years we had blinds that had to remain closed for privacy , and which greatly reduced the amount of light entering the room . After a remodel , I elected to try the film , instead of putting up new blinds.The order arrived quickly from Amazon . Installation was easy , but did require a long straightedge , an exacto-knife and a spray bottle with soapy water . The package included a mini-squeege that helped smooth out the excess water.The result was a window that looks like frosted glass - lets in all the light , but obscures everything . You can not see your hand on the other side of the film . After installation , I feel comfortable getting into and out of the tub knowing that privacy is assured.I recommend product .
 Easy to apply , looks great . Very forgiving . I 'm ordering another . Wish they offered more designs in the length and width I need . 24x60
 This is a very good products and it is easy to install . I wish they made it a little longer so that I could use in my front door . In any case , it worked great on my bathroom window . It took me 10 minutes to install .
 I read extensive reviews before purchasing this . The easy application comments held true for us as well . One heads up -- drip marks of the liquid mix you put on the glass before applying the film may remain after the film goes on . In the evening time when there is not lighting coming from back side , the drip marks are noticeable ; not noticeable in the day when natural day light back-lights the glass.Pros we love about the product :1 . It does exactly what we wanted it to do . It obstructs a direct view to the storage area while not closing off the feel of the room .2 . It is not a permanet application . If we change our minds one day , we can take off the film . There is no harmful adhesive that permanent ruins the glass.Design idea : We chose to leave a half inch border around each glass pane -LRB- in a multi-glass-pane door -RRB- . This does two things : a. Makes the measurement of each piece of cut film easier since we were not worried about matching to the exact measurement of each window pane to have completely cover each pane . Simply measure your glass pane , allow a half inch border all around , cut the film to size , and apply film to centered onto the pane.b . The borders themselves formed a simple pattern/design that adds interest to the look . We opted to choose non-patterned film due to the room 's decor , and the borders in juxtaposition to the wood frame of each pane in essence adds a &#34; pattern &#34; that is simple and clean .
 I moved into a home with an oval window in the front door and two sidelights . I really prefer that people not be able to peer into my home , so I was looking for a way to obtain some privacy without obstructing all of the light . I tried magnetic curtain rods and sheer curtains , but they did not provide enough privacy and I had a hard time finding ones that would fit the measurements well . When this product arrived , I found it very easy to adhere to the glass . I did as someone else had suggested and cut the film after attaching it to the window . This worked very well for me , and I think is a lot easier than trying to precut an exact oval . All in all , it looks nice from both sides and I have the privacy that I desired . Great product !
 I bought several rolls of this to put on 6 long , skinny interior windows in my office space . I learned along the way how to effectively measure the windows , which meant that the first couple of windows I did were n't a perfect fit and had about a 1/4 '' -1 / 2 '' gap , but by the time I did the 6th window , I had it down to a science . I used something similar to the `` Dritz See-Through Dressmaker 's Ruler '' to guide my pencil as I drew a line on the paper backing and then used regular scissors to cut it - no problems with jagged edges.The problems I had came in applying it . The instructions tell you to generously the window with water that has a few drops of soap in it , and then peel the backing off as you go . But it also tells you to keep the paper backing from getting wet . The reason they tell you to keep the paper backing from getting wet is that it very quickly adheres to the wet glass and does not come off . OK , it did eventually come off , but I had to saturate the paper with more water until it could be scraped off into a sticky , wet mess and vacuumed up with a shop vac . I avoided this in the following windows by taking the backing off all at once , even though the instructions say otherwise . The film did n't stick to itself and was easy to re-position on the window , so I 'm not sure why you 'd peel off only a little at a time given the repercussions of getting the backing wet.The other problem was that the windows I applied it to are 80 '' tall , which is 8 '' more than this roll covers . Although the description says that you can just put panels next to each other to continue the pattern , it 's hardly seamless . After you 've scraped all the bubbles out , the plastic is a little stretched and slowly contracts over the next day or two , making the already-not-seamless joint into a very noticeable 1/8 '' gap.The end result looks decent , except for the aforementioned gap caused by repeating panels . I 'd recommend it to anyone who does n't need to repeat panels .
 Got this to give a frosted look to some glass panels in our front door for privacy . It worked really well and just followed the instructions that came with it . I fitted it on the inside of the glass and found its a good idea to cut the piece just a little smaller than required as it does stretch slightly when squeegeeing it out . Also found the easiest way to apply it was to peel the paper backing off as you lay it on the glass surface . This helps prevent the adhesive folding back and sticking to itself . You do need to spend the time and effort squeegeeing out the bubbles and check it from both side to make sure you got then all .
 I have installed window film before so I was not hesitant about installing this product . All you need is an adequate flat work surface -LRB- product is 3 ` X6 ' -RRB- , a sharp razor knife -LRB- the plastic handled kind with the break-off tips works best and is very inexpensive -RRB- , a metal straight edge -LRB- I used a metal ruler -RRB- and a spray bottle of distilled/filtered water with a couple drops of dish soap . The complete instructions are included and are easy to follow.The critical part of the installation is the glass preparation . You MUST get the glass pristine clean ! First , I scraped the glass with a razor blade . Then , I used Windex and paper towels . Then , I used alcohol on paper towels . Finally , I used a clean microfiber cloth . Just follow the included instructions and it 's a snap!The effect exceeded my expectations . It looks EXACTLY like frosted glass . Light passes through and you can see only extremely blurred images through the glass which provides excellent privacy . In my case , it 's a door to a bathroom , so privacy is important . I recommend this product without reservation !
 I was VERY happy with Artscape . -LSB- ... -RSB- Not all window films are the same . Artscape is highly superior to their competitor , Gila . Artscape requires no special solution and does not have an adhesive . Simple water with a drop of handsoap . Easy application and removal , no residue , squeegee included!The competitor , Gila , is the worst window film imaginable . Sticky backing makes it so difficult to install you will not be able to remove it from the backing without creasing the film . Those creases will show afterwards making it look like your window is cracked . They try and force you to buy additional products just to install it ! -LRB- squeegee , application solution , removal solution -RRB- . A complete waste of time and money . DO NOT BUY GILA !
 We are a nonprofit organization and purchased this product to add privacy to some of our offices that had windows that looked into other parts of the building we 're housed in . The other reviews and tips were very helpful and accurate -- it 's pretty easy to install and relatively fast . The so-called `` squeegee '' that was included was fairly useless , but we used a wide metal putty knife that worked really slick . We ended up with a few air bubbles after the fact but nothing overly distracting . This product lets in filtered light and you can see movement through it but nothing clearly unless there is something right up against the pane .
 Purchased this for my laundry room . Its sow dark with the blinds down and i needed to let some light in . Very easy to put on . Use some windex to clean the windows . Once you have done that measure the window . Cut the peice about 1/8 smaller than the glass . Than take that same windex and spray the window . Peel and stick . the windex allows you to move the film around a little . Than squeege the film and your done .
 The product worked well in the windows of my front door.Other people said not to cut and fit but to use a boxcutter or sharp cutting tool around the window frame . They were right.Much better to cut when already applied to window.I wasted alot by cutting before applied to window .
 The directions were clear . I put it on the window easily and it provides the screening necessary . Just be sure windows are clean and try to have someone help you apply it or , if alone , be very careful when smoothing it out to avoid any bubbles .
 This is the first time that I have tried to apply window films . I ordered both Artscape and Gila . Artscape both Rice and Etched patterns I found on four different windows to be much easier to use for a single individual . Also the Artscape products includes a really nifty squeegee that I can continue to use after I am done applying the films . The directions are excellent and straight forward with the application process totally successful . So no bubbles or wierdness of any kind afterwords .
 We just added a Master bathroom which in the end was an expensive endeavor ... There were two preexisting windows that are now in the bathroom and I hate shades/blinds as they do n't let in any light so instead of having our contractor put back in the shades when construction was done i got this Window Film.Takes about 15-20 minutes per window and instal is pretty easy.I just cut a peice bigger then the window and then trimmed it with a razor blade to get it more exact.All ana all it was a slight pain but the windows look nice and frosted now : -RRB-
 Was very pleased with this purchase . I used it on a bathroom window and happy with the obscurity it offers . Very easy to put into place .
 I ordered this window film because my father was worried that people could see into his house , but he did n't want to keep the blinds down all the time . I had to install it on 14 small window panes and one large one in a hurry . I did n't have all the right tools -LRB- like a single edged razor or an xacto knife -RRB- so I used scissors to cut it . Needless to say , the edges were n't perfectly straight but despite my less than professional cutting job , I 'm amazed at how good it looks . The directions are easy to follow and the squeegie that comes with the film does a good job in getting rid of the air bubbles . Best of all my father was thrilled with the result -- he said it was exactly what he needed and did n't know something like the window film was available . He wants several more of his windows done so I 'm definitely going to order more and get an xacto knife for better cuts .
 Very happy with this product . was extremely easy to apply and looks great . wish this would have been a kit with all the tools needed but still very happy now that its up
 Based on reviews , this seems like a good alternative to buying new blinds that would only get ruined by our dog.Installation is simple
 The product was very easy to cut and install for use on four basement windows . Using the included squeegee , pushing out the air bubbles was a snap ! I believe anyone with no prior window-tint experience can install this like a pro !
 Works well . Advice
 Good product for short term use . I ordered this to cover some windows during a Christmas party . I did n't want guests to be able to see the caterers . It was great of the occasion , but if you got too close , you would see bubbles . This may have been caused by the fact that this was the first time I 'd put something like this up tough . It served it 's purpos well , but I took it down as soon as the party was over .
 I ordered this from Amazon just over a year ago , and it has been on my windows ever since . I ordered it to cover the large windows beside my front door . My two cats destroyed the blinds over those windows , but they have n't been able to do any damage to this . It looks great on the windows and lets in a decent amount of light . It 's not terribly difficult to apply -LRB- it 's best to use a squeegie ; I did n't have one , so I used the edge of a credit card -RRB- . I also used it to cover the window in my shower - which has worked very well . I was a little worried about how it would work with all the steam , but I have had no problems .
 This film goes on real easy and then sits there looking like you had the windows professionally etched . Bonus points for offering some UV blocking as well .
 The quality of this product is good , but I was under the impression that this was an adhesive film , not a static cling . It seemed to work fine for our application though .
 This was easy to install -- very forgiving , and even came with a little squeegee-type tool . I 've had it on my windows for about a month now , and it looks great -- no bubbles !
 This window film is better than I expected and easier still to install . Highly satisfied.I have a full paned front door and this film gives me that much needed privacy without blocking out the light like a cave .
 I have blinds and curtains on my windows but the rooms were kind of gloomy . I installed this window film and and now I have privacy and lots of light .
 Love the denim shams . They are great for any change of bedspreads , comforters , etc. . The design is great , love the stitching . The only thing I might change would be the weight of the denim . These do require ironing after washing ... I really do n't like ironing . : -RRB-
 The Tommy Quality is definetly here ! The comforter , sheets and shams are all worth the money . It is very heavy ! so if you are really looking for warmth and a great look , be it for a teenager , or for a middle aged person like myself , that will suit both your husband and yourself , This is it ! It washes up very well , the weight keeps in in place on the bed , it does n't fall off the end like alot of comforter sets do .
 The denim shams are just what I was looking for and they 're exactly as pictured . Very nice .
 Very pleased with The Tommy Hilfiger Denim sham . I Denim is just like a pair of his jeans . Looks great feels great . Washes really good with no fading .
 After searching for more than 3 years for a denim duvet cover and shams , I found it at Amazon . I am very happy with the quality of the product and it complements the denim theme of our bedroom .
 The bed skirt was just as described and goes perfectly with the Tommy Hilfiger denim comforter . My son loves it .
 I purchased this bed skirt to go with the Tommy Hilfiger `` Andover '' comforter set which included the comforter set , sheets , and shams , but no bedskirt . From the descriptions , it sounded like this bed skirt was the one Tommy Hilfiger intended to go with the Andover pattern , but it does not match . The bed skirt is a worn denim look with a contrasting gold stitch , like well-worn blue jeans . But the Andover comforter has no denim on it . The picture of this bedskirt does not show a true representation of what the item actually looks like . It is a good quality and very heavy denim material . It just does n't match the bedding set I purchased .
 Maybe my twin beds are small , I do n't know -LRB- and I 'm too tired to go find a measuring tape and measure -RRB- , but ... it doesnt matter because too big or not , I love these bedskirts . I pinned them up on the sides and you ca n't even tell they were big . The quality is great . Heavy , dark denim . I got 2 and after realizing the 1st was big , I washed the second one in hot water and dried it forever on high . No shinkage , which for me was a bad thing , lol . They needed just a touch of ironing on the corners and was good to go . Love , Love Love them !! Note about Amazon ... . I just LOVE them too !! I ordered 2 of these exact ones and they came labeled as a twin but were actually a full/queen . I called Amazon and they sent me a shipping label , had UPS come pick up the bad ones and shipped out 2 new ones overnight !! Amazing customer service !
 I like the bedskirt but it 's a bit too large causing the white part to show around the edges of the box spring .
 This bedskirt is of great quality ... . true blue denim fabric , not a cheap knock-off . It was amazingly difficult to find a good looking bed skirt for a teen boy 's room ... I am very happywith this item .
 I ordered the queen size bedskirt for my son 's new bed . It was a perfect fit and looks great on thebed . It is a dark washed denium and works well with his other denium items in the room .
 This is a great bed skirt if you like the medium to dark denim look . It is a great quality material .
 I needed bed skirts for my son . He already has denim pillows and denim roman shades . This was perfect - perfect fit on his twin beds . Nice quality .
 I bought this bedset , comforter and bedskirt for my 10 yr old son.He loves it and will last him through H.S and hopefully college .
 Note
 I have been very pleased with this air filter ! Not only does it cost less than most air filters out there , but it also does an excellent job at removing unpleasant odors from the air . I can turn on my Honeywell machine and in 20 minutes , this filter has the air is smelling fresh and clean . Highly recommended !
 This is the best price I 've found for this particular filter replacement -LRB- I think free shipping option does help a lot to save money ! -RRB- . It actually WORKS . I have two indoor cats and it 's a huge difference when I actually run the filter and when I do n't . I 'm not really allergic to cats or anything , but when they shed , their fur gets everywhere , and who would n't sneeze if cat/dog fur gets into your nose and tickle or gets in your eyes ? -LRB- A lot of people think they 're ALLERGIC to some pets when they actually are n't , they 're just reacting to extra particles in the air , animal fur in the air 's like having a string of dust in the air , which would bother ANYONE who wants to breathe in that air -RRB- . Anyway , it also works well against filtering dust mites . I do my best to keep the house clean and linens not touching the floor or anything ever -LRB- nothing that has been on the couch where my cats have been can enter my bedroom and nothing that touches the floor gets put back on couch or bed - they get washed in hot water immediately -RRB- , I steam clean the carpet often enough and bathe my cats in water before letting them loose on a clean carpet . But you simply can not get rid of ALL dust mites when you have pets running around and own a couch or two even if you use your furniture-cleaning option on couches or upholstery . I am indeed allergic to dustmites actually , not just sensitive to them ... But if you have this filter on for more than 24 hours , it 's SO MUCH easier to breathe and also my nose does n't constantly run and my eyes do n't turn red all the time like when I do n't run the filter.Just be careful and not ruin your filter without even using it much
 It 's a great filter , if however you are planning to use it next to an ashtray , please bare in mind that it will capture the smoke but not the odour . It is very successful at removing all particulates from the air .
 I love this little unit . I am a smoker and use it in my small home office . These filters work great .
 I use the Honeywell Air Purifier at work . It works well and the replacement filter fit perfectly . I will buy this same replacement filter again .
 The Honeywell 16216 Replacement filters I bought on Amazon worked wonderfully . I received the correct product for my air filter . I have had no problem with the condition or quality of this item and would highly recommend it .
 I 'm satisfied with this product . My son is allergic to dust and the filter helps to keep his bedroom clean .
 I could only find this filter online . It was easy to ship and works how it says . . do n't have to much to say about a filter but it works and this is the only place we could fine it . .
 I was unsure of this product before purchasing because of the complaints about noise . However , I love this purifier . To me , the sound is like sleeping with a fan on at night and I like that . Even at it 's highest setting the noise is there , but not distracting to me . I leave it running 24/7 , clean the pre filter once a week and the main filter every couple of months . I live in an apartment with a large/medium sized black lab . This has significantly cut down on my dust and helped with pet dander . I eventually plan on getting more for other rooms in my apartment . Because I do live with a dog , I do change the main filter a little more often than suggested . I just pop the filter out and see how it looks . It 's a great purchase for the money and size of unit . I would recommend to anyone with a smaller house or rooms .
 Well its a filter alright . As long as you get the right one it 'll fit and filter the air . Simple as that .
 Recieved in a timely manner . Works perfectly with the filter in my daughters room . helps give me a peace of mind knowing its helping to eliminate allergens in the air in her bedroom while she sleeps -LRB- we have dog and cat -RRB-
 This was a impossible item to find locally and we needed it for a patient 's home . The turnaround time was excellent and the product did not disappoint .
 Product is exactly what we needed for the air purifier we own . Arrived boxed , in perfect condition , quickly .
 Works great as a replacement filter . I 'll be back in another 6 months to order another one !
 This is a great filter that really keeps the air clean . I bought 4 at a time , in a buy 3 get 1 free deal Amazon was running , for just under $ 45 . I like this Honeywell Desktop Air Purifier . It 's an inexpensive 3-speed with an oxidizing option . It also comes with another filter -LRB- carbon-type -RRB- that goes in front of this one , that I 've never had to replace , just clean . They run around 10-12 dollars if you need one .
 This filter was hard to find on the internet , and impossible locally , but fit perfectly in the air cleaner . The price is high , in my opinion , and discourages replacement when the light on the unit indicates replacement is required.Otherwise , it works well .
 Not much to say about this ! It fit into my HEPA unit perfectly and has been going strong since . My unit is so old I was worried that there would n't be replacement filters any more , but this worked well ! There were no problems with fitting or dust or any of the other worries I had before getting it .
 I have -LRB- 3 -RRB- of these air purifiers and the replacement filters I purchased , work extremely well .
 I LOVE this cake pan ! The shape is unique and cakes DO NOT stick . I 've already loaned it to 2 friends and sold a butterfly cake at a fund-raiser for $ 8.00 !!!!!
 I purchased a Pedrini LeLillotte Butterfly Mould just over 3 weeks ago to bake my mom a cake for her birthday . I 've heard of the wonders of silicone bakeware and their non-stick , non-pourous surfaces before , but I 'd never actually used one personally.I saw this butterfly mould and thought I would try it out . If you know me at all , you 'd know that I am definitely no gormet pastry chef and often have to cook numerous cakes to get one that does n't stick to the pan or over-brown , or to get one that actually cooks evenly . With this piece , I was so impressed ! The cake popped right out without a fight , and was perfectly browned on the outside and moist on the inside . Within a few minutes of coming out of the oven , I could actually handle the mould without burning my fingers , and the clean-up was so easy . I just rinsed it out under the faucet for a few seconds and it looked brand new again.To accentuate the beautiful detailing , I lightly glazed the cake instead of frosting it , and my mother could n't stop giving me praise for her beautiful and delicious birthday treat.This one piece of bakeware has got me hooked on many more selections of silicone cooking pieces . My husband loves the stuff too , because I 'm constantly baking to try out my new Pedrini pieces , and everything comes out perfectly . I highly recommend this and all of Pedrini 's pieces .
 adds a pop of color to sparsely decorated walls ! sort of retro/school clock look . fun for the playroom .
 I have this clock in a master bathroom . It is quiet unless you are right next to it . No second hand but I did n't need one . The numbers are large and easy to read through the fogged glass shower door . Very stylish in it 's retro look .
 I bought this clock to add a splash of color to my kitchen , and I have gotten tons of compliments on it !
 Unless the reviews are positive ignore them all . Some people will tell you how loud this clock is -LRB- had mine a month and you hear NOTHING -RRB- . I suggest the Orange color as it is the nicest one even over the red . You can practically see the time wherever your sitting -LRB- provided nothing obstructs your view -RRB- . GREAT CLOCK !
 Purchased this clock for my bathroom , and it is fabulous -- large enough to see with squinty morning-eyes , bold enough to catch my attention between layers of Urban Decay , happy enough to make me believe that teaching an 8:00 class at the University does n't seem so bad afterall . Minus one star for these little bits of black plastic in the back
 I bought this clock expecting a bright orange color . Instead , it is more like orange-cream . Just be aware of that , in case the right color is a must for you .
 I wanted a clock that was n't like you find everywhere but was n't too retro either . This clock fit the bill perfectly . Great size , and very important to me , QUIET ! I ca n't stand loud clocks !! Shipping was quick and the clock was exactly as described .
 I gave this clock to my parents for Christmas and they love it . The colour is intense and pops with their neutral decor and my dad likes that the numbers are easy to see . Great choice .
 This clock is very cute - the cheery orange color perks up my kitchen and blends with its vintage look.Word .
 The clock arrived with both of the plastic mounts for the screws broken off , but we decided to keep it rather than hassle with returns . It does n't seem to affect anything about the way it mounts on the wall . Otherwise this is a great looking clock ! The orange is a little bit lighter shade than it looks in the picture , but I think I will get used to it .
 I purchased this wall clock for my ten year old grandson . He wanted a more grown-up room with some pizazz , and I felt this clock fit the bill perfectly . Love the size , color and good looks .
 I 'd pretty much given up on wall clocks because the last few I purchased were flimsy and broke within a year . I wanted an analog clock without bells and whistles that stood out on the wall but not in a gaudy way . This clock is beautiful , solidly made and seems like it will hold up better than the others . Even the packaging was classy ! I do n't believe I will regret this purchase .
 I love Infinity Instruments ! i bought an outdoor thermometer a few months back and was so pleased with the quility of it , that when I began looking for a new kitchen clock , I began with this brand . I would also like to mention that I 'm not into brands for `` staus '' sake , I could care less with what sort of `` image '' the brand of sunglasses , shoes , car , etc conjures up in the imaginations of other people ~ having said that the QUALITY of a brand means a lot to me , and if something is worth it 's salt , I 'll keep coming back and suggest it to others . This clock is exactly what I was looking for , and the color is a bit brighter in real life -LRB- in a good way ! -RRB- ~ my kitchen has a `` mexico '' theme , and I wanted a clock that would really `` pop '' without being `` too much '' ~ I love that this clock is retro , which compliments the elements of the `` 1950 's '' theme also incorporated in my kitchen -- it also has beveled glass , which gives it that little extra something . I get compliments on it all the time , and everyone always asks where I got it , and marvels at the high quality of the item -LRB- you can tell it 's definately NOT from Wal-Mart -RRB- . Overall , a fantastic clock , that I believe will truely make it to the next generation ... oh and one more thing , if the ticking of clocks drives you crazy , this one is absolutely SILENT - even when you put it up to your ear , you can BARELY hear the faintest mechanism .
 Had this in my `` save for later '' list for probably a year and finally got it during a price reduction fluctuation . Had planned on hanging it in my home office which is mint green walls with ivory ceiling and white molding , wood floors and with solid orange drapes on two windows . They say you should do accent/contrast color in 3 's so figured this clock which nails the drape color would be the final zing to the room . Well , I just hung it in the Master Bath instead after reading the reviews of how many people were putting these clocks in bathrooms , without steam issues . Guess I figured a clock in the bathroom was more useful at this point , and I was surprised to find this `` orange '' clock works well on any color wall in the house ... it 's just a cheerful bright warm accent color anywhere , IMO . Mine came with no broken screw issues that connect it to the box , they unscrewed easily . I was thinking of just cutting the nubs off the back of the clock where those useless packing screws go into , but the housing of the clock itself is so recessed from the back that it would n't make that much difference to reaching the deeply recessed hanger hole anyway , so I just hammered in one of those larger angled gold/brass colored hangers that have a round disk that goes flush on the wall to keep weight from pulling it down and it 's long enough to catch just under the top rim of the clock . Makes it very easy to remove & replace clock every 6 months for the recommended battery change time spans , without having to hit a specific hole that is so deeply recessed ... and I slammed the sliding shower door and the bathroom doors hard enough to move the curtains ... and the clock held in place , so short of an earthquake it 's good to go and easier to change battery by hanging it off the rim . Looks great and seems to be keeping accurate time . Packing says it 's made in China and the instruction sheet says it takes a `` C '' battery , but it actually takes one AA battery .
 We were looking for a modern clock for our bathroom and this one is working out well . It 's easy to read from the shower and the minute `` dots '' make it easy to tell the exact time with a quick glance . It does n't fog up from the shower steam which is a plus givin its location . If you are fan of retro design and orange , get this clock .
 I 've only had a month , so ca n't vouch for reliability -LRB- though for last month , it does run accurately -RRB- . Like the bold , clear numbers on crisp white background . The depth is a bit more than I anticipated , but have gotten used to it . And obviously the orange is a fun color .
 I was looking at wall clocks for my retro kitchen . Everything at the stores were made with plastic and felt cheap . When this came in the mail it had weight to it ... I do n't mean like it weighed a ton but it felt solid . The outer shell is metal and the lens felt like glass . Im not sure that its made of glass but it seems well made . I have had it several days and keeps excellent time . It takes one double A battery . I highly recommend buying one .
 The perfect fit for my 50s style kitchen . Looked at a bunch of different styles , brands online and was concerned about quality but did n't want to spend too much . Clock seems well made and pretty quiet .
 This clock is more attractive and better designed than any other inexpensive wall clock I have owned . Some points
 I bought this to go in my retro laundry room . It is not a cheap , throw away clock . It is all metal and solidly built . I was really surprised with the quality . I have seen plastic clocks selling for more than this one . I am very pleased with the clock and proud to put it in my newly remodeled room . If you want an instrument rather than a knock off , this is it .
 After watching the prices on this series of Infinity Istruments clocks for months , I settled on the orange one . I just received it this week . The color in the picture is true , the cover is glass and the housing is metal . As another reviewer mentioned , there is no second hand . This did n't bother me ; I do n't need to know what second it is . This clock truly has a retro feel to it and it seems to fit perfectly in a kitchen , although I think it could work in a bathroom as well .
 I think silicone bakeware is grand ! The first time I used this piece I used a cooking spray . I found it was only needed once and after that everything comes out easily . I love this stuff -LRB- I have several pieces -RRB- . I have a big tupperware container that I squish the bakeware in to so storage is never an issue . When I take it out of storage it pops right back in to shape .
 Ordered king size and I love it but as the other reviews state the set is a green color and not the beige/tan color as depicted in the photo . Very classic and sophisticated looking . I am pleased .
 This is such a beautiful set , the sheets feel so nice , and the sage green comforter is rich looking .
 The comforter is very beautiful and has kept up very well ! It 's as beautiful as it is in the photo . I think they may have a down comforter in the photo to make it more `` fluffy '' . Great quality , too . I have n't had any issues at all .
 When I received the bed set I was very pleased-it was alot prettier than I expected-the picture showed green but not all of the embordery that is on the top of the comforter-I was very impressed-as far as I am concerned it is well worth the money .
 the product is good , but not quite up to the discription on amazon , While the sheets are fine , the comfater is rather thin , I rather expected a deeper fill , the trim is good but the central panel is not sturdy and poorly attached and has a unpleasnt cheap feel , which is a shame as the rest of the product is fine
 This silverware set of 20 piece of Dublex Clear with Caddy is so magnificant to use and hold in your hand because of the grip of the base material . It does not slide out of your hand as other utensils would . The fork holds nicely with the fingers and having the caddy to hold all the utensils is an added bonus .
 I love the way they make my fingers feel when I hold them ! These are my absolute favorite ! They are very durable .
 These are so wonderful ! Whoever would have thought , see-through flatware ?!
 Excellent razor sharp knife set . This set is not drop forged , but is very well made and holds a razor edge with just a little sharpening once in a while . I bought this set because it was highly recommended by Consumer Reports Magazine , and I was not dissapointed in its performance . I gave it four stars because it is not drop forged and the balance is not great , but I still highly recommended it .
 I 've had a Chicago Cutlery set for 21 years , and it 's been great . I 've lost about three of the knives in that time , but the others still work fine . When I wanted to replace the set , though , this was the closest I could come to the Walnut set I had . I 'm okay with the black , and the knives I received are quite sharp . But I was sent a 9-slot block for 8 knives , and the biggest disappointment is that there is no bread knife . So I am keeping my old set on the counter , something I 'd wished to avoid . Also , the black knives are just not of the same quality as what I received for my wedding over two decades ago . Still , they are better than other knives I 've tried , and if you do n't mind unused slots in your block , this set is a good as any other .
 I bought this knife set years ago from an outlet store and the quality is excellent for the low price that I paid . The chef 's knife is very sturdy and has a good weight to it . The sharpening steel does the job . The other knives work well and retain their sharpness nicely . I wish the paring knife was a bit more flexible . All in all , this is a good set of basic , entry-level knives for the beginning home cook .
 I do not tend to write many reviews unless I feel strongly either way for a product . But honestly I have been very . . immensely happy with this knife set , that after having it a year I am just as happy . I 'd highly recommend getting this set .
 Awesome product to make Halloween pops . Works like a candy mold should . Can mix chocolate colors to make grey and white mice -- I got fancy and even used pink chocolate to accent their eyes , ears , nose and tail .
 I like the looks of it . The lowest speed is faster than I 'd like . It needed to be assembled , which I expected since I purchased it online . It was n't hard to put together . The base is nice and sturdy .
 I purchased this Ornamental Fan in Sept for my daughter 's room . It arrived very quickly , was easy to put together and we love it ! It is colder than the fan she had . Her bedroom is on the southwest corner of the house . It is the warmest room in the house . She has a ceiling fan . This fan is perfect for her room . Love the design !!
 Bought this since it ships free , although it may cost less in other site , but shipping generally adds $ 15 to the final cost . It is a cast iron version with zinc coating . Washing is required since there is a lot of metal powder on the surface , used a pound of beef to make sure it is clean . It does a good job , 10 lbs of meat took less than 15 minutes . Cleaning is reasonable simple . we used to have an electric one , but the manual grinder is a lot better since it is easier to control the speed . If you only have a pound or so meat to grind , it is not worth the trouble . The home made ground pork and beef is so much leaner , you will never buy those from store again . Highly recommended
 i love my new crockpot . my family is growing and i needed a bigger one , this one is perfect for us . easy to clean , and i love the mini pot it came with too .
 great heater for the price and size , heats my 21/2 car garage just fine . On low keeps garage at about 45 degrees and will get it up to 70 + degrees on medium + , here in chicago cold weather .
 This heater does a great job of heating my 24x26 two car garage in northern Indiana . It arrived from the seller within 48hours of placing my order with standard delivery . The only thing that keeps it from being a five star is lack of a mounting assembly . A little bit of chain wrapped around a ceiling joist took care of that though . It does require a special 240 volt outlet , but the materials to run it can be purchased at any home improvement store . It took me about 20 minutes to run the wire and install the outlet and breaker .
 I live in Texas and have a 520 sq ft garage with ceiling/walls insulated , 1 car garage door not insulated and 3 windows . I checked around for code requirements in our area and wired the 240 v/30 amp electrical myself . Mounted the unit hanging down from the ceiling , turned it on and in 2 hours it already had the upper half of the garage up to 60f degrees when 35f outside . Let it run overnight and the garage was 75f next morning ... low to mid 30s outside . Thermostat on the unit turns off the fan and heater coils once chosen temperature is reached . Shipper had issues getting the unit shipped ... stated waiting for manufacture to ship . Per Amazon 's recommendation , I had to send a followup e-mail to shipper to get status of shipment . After that , the shipper sent status mails until the unit had a shipping tracking number . If you need this unit , order early . Took 2 weeks to arrive from the day I ordered it . For our needs ... great price , compact unit and heats as expected .
 Great heater for the money !! I have a 21/2 car attached garage in Minnesota . I was afraid this heater would be too small to fully heat it up but thought as long as it takes the chill out I would be satisfied . WOW am I satisfied , @ below zero temps outside it has no problem heating up my garage to 70 degrees quite quickly . Plus for me it was way easier to wire in a 30 amp outlet than to mess with trying to run gas line for a gas style heater . As far as cost to run , I kept my garage set at around 50-55 degrees last month -LRB- it was dang cold here too -RRB- my bill went up about $ 46 . My opinion ... WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!
 Shipping was extremely fast ! I opened the box and plugged it in to the 30 amp 240 volt outlet I have in my garage and it warmed it up fast . I have a 400 SQFT garage in the Chicago-land area -LRB- currently it is 10F outside -RRB- but it is 78F in my garage.The price was right , the heater is good and it was an easy and fast transaction.I am very happy with the Marley Heater !!
 This Heater is very efficient , It heats up my garage very warm , especially for auto painting . My father had metal etched a part for a car and the heater kept the garage at painting temperature of 70 degrees F.
 This is a great gift item . Easy to assemble and sturdy . Having shopped around a lot this is also a very good price relative to the other toy chests out there .
 Fit perfect in my yankee themed nursery , VERY good quality . Built like its going to last for many years . Worth the money in my opinon ...
 very quick ship , excellent communication , product is BETTER than I expected , nice storage size , quality materials , safety lid closure , just a `` HOMERUN '' quality experience overall-no negatives
 I bought this for my grandson who lives in San Francisco , they had to put it together , took a few tools , which they had on hand . It is sturdy and very nice looking . I would recommend this product . Good value and a good deal .
 This toy chest is beyond amazing . I purchased for a friend who was having a baby boy and whose room was to be done in Red Sox theme . I couldnt believe the quality of this item . My husband put it together and was quite impressed . When we have kids this will definately be an item of choice !!!
 This toy chest is really very cute , and solid . I paid a great price for it during the Xmas holiday , and if it is now $ 100.00 , I 'm not sure I would of paid that much for it , but it was certainly worth the price I paid . The colors are bright.The top does stay up when lifted . -LRB- safety -RRB- , and it really goes nicely in a sports bedroom decor . Amazon verified purchase
 My mom bought it for them and they loved it . Its really a great gift
 Got this for our 15 month old son . He loved it the day we got it ! He loves helping clean up . The lid stays up so that makes it easy for him to help . It 's very sturdy and beautiful ! Definitely recommend this !!
 I am so excited about this toy chest . We are expecting our first grandson and we are doing his room in Detroit Tiger Stuff . I have been having a ball ordering from Amazon . The prices are great . I have ordered the rocking chair , the stool , the lamp , and many smaller items . Thank you Amazon Deb Sylvester
 I bought this toy chest for my baby 's nursery . The quality of the materials is very good . However , I did have an issue with a defective piece . I contacted Guidecraft -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- directly . Without any questions , I was sent a replacement piece within one week of calling . The assembly was not terribly difficult . But there are only picture directions , so it took some studying to assemble . Overall , I am happy with my purchase - a nice gift any young Yankee fan .
 I purchased this toy chest for my grandson . It arrived quickly and all parts were in the box . The instructions were easy to follow as all wood parts were marked and the hardware was shown accurately on the instuctions . The lid has the safety latches so it wo n't fall on his little fingers . Overall , I am very happy with this item . It seems very durable and is colorful . I had also bought him the matching coat rack and was very happy with that . I only rated it a 2 star in educational because it is n't really an educational toy . He can learn to put away toys but that is about it .
 The Guidecraft Red Sox toy chest is a great addition to a Red Sox themed baby room . It is a solid , well crafted piece of furniture that weighs nearly 50 pounds when fully assembled . The assembly instructions -LRB- no text - just 4 labeled pictures -RRB- are mediocre at best , not unlike many products whose instructions are designed overseas . One full set of screws -LRB- labeled as part `` M '' in the instructions -RRB- were completely missing but inexpensively purchased at any hardware store . All pieces are painted with a high gloss enamel acrylic and look very professional , though I 'm sure that this is a typical assembly-line product . I shopped around and found Amazon 's price -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- to be the least expensive anywhere on the web and dramatically less expensive than the 3 nearby retails stores . A similar , but much less durable Guidecraft product , is available at Baby 's R Us ; that product is incredibly flimsy , so make sure you buy this one and not the cheaper product -LRB- I wonder why Guidecraft even makes the cheaper version - it 's terrible -RRB- . The Red Sox have n't lost a single game since the day this product arrived by FedEx ... and the Yankees have n't WON a game since that day so , for you Red Sox fans , this is apparently a GREAT way to subliminally support the Sox !
 This is perfect for my two boys ' room . It is the perfect size and easy for them to open and close . The colors are great , too . And my husband 's favorite team is the Red Sox .
 Great looking toy chest at a great price point . Love the feature with 3 picture inserts . No problems with the toy chest , assembly was n't difficult although instructions could be more detailed and delivery was good . Minor detail with logo and monogram , which is why I did n't give it 5 stars . My son loves his toy chest , so that 's what matters most .
 Purchased this after careful consideration , , , , the Boston Red Sox unit had been completly sold out ! such a shame !! At least the alternative was not a Yankees Unit ... My New York grand son -LRB- BORN IN BOSTON ! -RRB- and his mother really appriciate it ! Go Sox !
 I use this teakettle daily . I lovethe fact that is it so lightweightand holds just the right amount fora couple cups of coffee/tea . Easy toclean and looks nice sitting on my stove !
 I love this stainless steel tea kettle , and have had several of them over the years . Prefer the polished stainless to the brushed . It 's the perfect , smaller size . It 's only drawback is that over time the whistle spout has broken off from use and probably from being heated over and over again , but this has n't stopped me from repurchasing it . By the way , the whistle is LOUD and can be heard in another room , which is a good thing for me !
 I love my kitchenaid mixer . It allows me to make bread as I used to before I developed arthritis in my hands . I can make ice cream one day and the next make angel food cake , now that I have the ice cream maker . Time in mixing ingredients is so fast especially when time is precious to you . The product is very heavy and I need to keep it on the counter , but clean up is really easy and quick . Ca n't give it enough praise it deserves .
 Built like a tank , able to leap tall buildings in a single bound , and will probably last forever . Well , probably . I bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter and I expect she 'll pass it along to my granddaughter.Why did I buy it ? I have an older 5-Quart model that simply can not be killed . A buddy has one that is probably a 1920s or 1930s model and it still works fine . It does all of the jobs I want done without conplaining . I think this one advertises all-metal gearing -LRB- some have plastic gearing -RRB- . I use the grinder attacnment for small grinding jobs and it is up to the task of a small job.Very pretty red color , too . -LRB- Well , that is what she wanted ! -RRB-
 We just replaced a 20 year old KitchenAid mixer -LRB- 375 W -RRB- with the 600 Pro model . It cuts through the thickest , heaviest , grains with absolute ease . KitchenAid still needs to work on the bowl holder set up -LRB- it rocks back and forth while mixing -RRB- . We got a great value and it shipped quickly .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel PearlI bought this KitchenAid mixer for my wife as a Christmas present . She 'd said that she 's been wanting one forever , and now that we have a house to put it into instead of the cramped apartment , it was something that i just had to deliver to make her Christmas one to remember . She was extremely excited when she unwrapped it on Christmas morning.The first thing she made was meatloaf . This may not sound like a major feat , but you do n't know my wife . She has a major major fear of cold raw meat . So you can imagine my surprise when i came home to meatloaf . She was so proud of the fact that she did n't have to use her hands to mix it . I of course was happy with that because i knew that i would n't have to mix it myself anymore.When ask if someone wanted advice about buying this KitchenAid mixer she simply stated , `` Hell Yeah ! '' She went on to exclaim , `` It 's the best appliance that i own ! Why would n't someone buy this ? `` Overall , she 's in love with this machine . She loves to use it for the aforementioned meatloaf , as well as all sorts of desserts and the like . I can not wait to see what types of things she makes for this upcoming Christmas !
 My hands are n't strong enough to knead bread and the bread machine was n't working for me . This works well and makes the bread-making process so much easier !
 I have n't done a huge amount of work with my mixer ... but so far so good ! I bought this because I am getting into the cake business , and I needed a mixer that could stand up to mixing all of the icings . So , if it passes that test , it will be a five star for sure .
 I think this is a great mixer . It is big enough yet will do small jobs also .
 Have used this mixer many times for a variety of things in less than a month . The dough hood is great for making breads , the texture turns out wonderful ! The whisk makes whipped cream fast and easy . The regular beater is great for cookies . Highly recommended !
 It works great . I have used it several times now , and have had no problems .
